It's hard for me to admit when I'm wrong about things. But there is a glimmer of hope when I find something that really stimulates my manmones"You'll never find Brazilian food in Vegas. It's not the same." Ok I'll admit that Rum Jungle has the rodezio experience where they bring meat around on huge metal skewers. But Rum Jungle is a fusion experience. Well there's Samba at the Mirage. There's Pampas at the Dessert Passage.  Then there's Yolie's off the beaten path near Ruth Chris on Paradise. Now Yolie's sits with these green awnings on the second floor of this strip mall. The staff is very friendly and it's kinda a family setting. 
WARNING: THIS IS A MEAT EXTRAVEGANZA. Ok sure they bring some rice and some fejoida, or even some plantains. But wait for the MEAT. There's marker to signify when to bring the meat and when to stop the carnage....It comes in waves, if you haven't been to a Brazilian Rodizio and ate churrasco....you don't know what you're missing. If you're a carnivore, you get waves meat in large metal skewers. Like roast pork tenderloin, trip tip, sirloin, rib eye, chicken, Portuguese sausage, lamb, ribs, and they keep coming....until you turn your little marker to make it stop. When you start crying out tears of ground beef....you know you're done....The price is affordable for all the meat you get. WAY CHEAPER and closer to authentic than Rum Jungle. This is also one of the few places in town that actually serve real cachaca and caipirinhas...Yea. 
Overall - it's a meat lover's fantasy. The carb portions are small. I'd definitely eat here again. But I'm not thinkin 4 star. More 3.5 But I guess I'll round up....


No Animals were harmed during this review....Sorry Vegans I'll eat more veggies.....
I really wanted to like this place, and I sort of do, but read on.

I walked in with a headache, which usually means I need to eat.
I figured a brazilian rodizio type place would be instant gratification with a salad bar and meat leaping off the skewers at all hours.  Not so.

I walked in and was seated, ordered a coke.  I was one of only TWO tables in the whole place.  There were three people working - Yolie in the kitchen, a younger woman at the front, and a guy handling the meat duties (ok, lay off the meat jokes).

10 minutes went by without a sign of my soup or the coke.  The guy came over and said the coke machine was not working, so I ordered iced tea instead.  About 5 minutes later I got my iced tea, and another few minutes went by and I got bread and soup.

Eventually meat made its way over on skewers...slowly.  He asked how I wanted my beef done (well, of course) and it was good.

There was no music playing, just silence, interrupted by the conversation of the other table, and the delightful sound of hammering coming from the ladies bathroom.

Eventually I got tired of waiting for the next round of meat, and I was getting full anyway, so I asked for the check.  It took almost 30 minutes to get me out the door, because the credit card machine wasn't working.

To his credit, the male waiter was very apologetic and even hand wrote a card for 15% off my next meal here.  The food was pretty good - not rock your socks off, but authentic and good.

Based on other reviews, the service seems to be erratic.  I wouldn't bring anyone here you're looking to impress (like a client for example).
I went here about a year ago, so my memory might be a bit fuzzy.  However, my general impressions were that the food was pretty good and the service was well intentioned, but a little bit slow.

Anyway, this place, as I recall, was not all-you-can-eat, though you probably will get enough to eat.  I don't remember exactly how much it was since our out of town dignitary was kind enough to pay up.  I thought it was around $30 a head.  Not exactly a bargain, but probably better than the deal you will get at the Mirage.

If you need Brazilian food bad and you in town for a few days, I would recommend checking this place out.  I would not go in with super high expectations, though.
We came here July 4th after we found out Firefly had closed due to some electrical problems.  The place was pretty dead.  Staff was funny in a weird way.  They would all say "You should just get the grill.  Its what we're famous for."  We must've heard that from 5 different staff people b4 we ordered.  Funny as it was..I was the only one to go for the grill...cuz that was what they're famous for!  Nothing was very memorable about the place.  It was just ok.  I don't plan on going back.
When partaking in this particular establishment, might I suggest maternity pants? They have like 6 or 7 rounds of meat on skewers that will be served to your desired amount. Avoid the sides, they're fillers like veggies and taters, and let's face it, if you're eating at this place, you're not here for health and proper balanced meal. You go here if you're looking to shorten your life span, clog the arteries and ever expand that gut you've been working on. Which leads me to my suggestion of maternity pants for easy expansion of your full of food stomach; cause let's face reality, nobody likes to see a big ol belly unleashed by a loosened belt and unbuttoned pants. That's just wrong
If this is how churrascaria is done in Las Vegas, it's a shame!  My family and I went here for lunch.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and we couldn't locate any of the employees.  Not one sound came from the kitchen, which I found to be odd.  I was begging to leave because the emptiness and silence of the restaurant suggested that this place was going to suck....and man, was I right!!  There was only one server handling the small selection of meats.  The meat was DISGUSTING.  I could not finish what was on my plate because it was just horrible.  All the meats were dry and some tasted old.  I think that they just warmed up the meats leftover from the day/s before and served it because we did not wait long at all.  I learned what real churrascaria was supposed to taste like when I tried it in Chicago.  If you're looking to eat at a Brazilian steak house in Las Vegas, I'm warning you, do not go here!!!
The ambiance of this place was more formal than lively, not what I expect from a less than average churrascaria.
Wow, This place has actually gone down hill. I remember when it first opened, it was less formal and not as well decorated inside. It was also not a busy as it gets now. I think that success has actually hurt the place. The service used to be EXCELLENT! They made you feel like part of the family. Now that they are busy they seemed rushed. 

The food is still very good. It is easy to overeat in this place. If you like huge portions of meat cooked over a fire this is an excellent choice
Everybody I take here adds this dining experience to their list of favorites! The experience comes right from Copacabana Beach in Rio.. It is a carnivore's delight with 7 different meats served to your contentment with all the trimmings.  I am not sure how to spell it for sure, but the &quot;ciapina&quot; (Brazilian Margaretta) will knock you on your ass then pick you right up. It is a wonderful place for a party and a delightful experience.  I've been to many Brazilian barbecues... including in Brazil. This is my favorite. And the hostess-- Yoli is friendly and nice.  If your there for a trade show, or other busy times, make a reservation, and make it early as the place becomes a mad house pretty quick.
Thank you Yolinda for always making me and my guest welcome to your restaurant.

It's always nice to come to this fabulous restaurant for business meeting with my clients. The food and service is always excellent, and of course, my guest was amazed by the selection of meat you always have to offer.

Keep up the good work and always keep the 4 stars!!
i have been going to Yolies for years . This is the best Brazilian Steak house out side Brazil.  if you love meat this is heaven. Quality of the meat is the best . staff are nice and price is right. 
just remember if you are short in time this not the place to go.
Okay 1.5 stars nooo 1, nooo 1.5, I dunno!?
Okay here's why, this place was my single most weird/awkward dining experience I've ever had or hopefully ever will have....!

My girlfriend and I where going to go to firefly which is in the same parking lot... and firefly was booked on tables and way crowed inside so we thought maybe marrakech instead... "no we've been there a bunch of times, plus that's a lot of food to eat, not being that hungry let's try this Yolis place!" 

We see the menu posted outside, there are some things we can order that sound good. So we walk up the stairs to the restaurant and go inside. First thing you see in here, is the crazy lighting everything is NEON green... Maybe cool looking for a bar perhaps, but a restaurant I dunno why anyone would think that was a good idea. 

We get seated,... and here's where is got really strange. Before we ordered our food three people had come to our table, we had no idea who our waiter was. They brought bottled water without us asking. Someone came over to the table said hi with the water, someone asked us for our drink order, and then someone else for our entree order. 

So this last person we ask, 
"Are you our waiter?" Can we see a menu?
"'Oh you want a menu?" You don't want to get the firepit?"
My friend, "What's that?"

--- the manager or the owner comes over and he is talking to us really enthusiastically like a car salesmen...telling us to order the firepit, which is like 5 or 6 different kinds of meat, etc etc...----
My friend, "Sounds neat, do you guys have menus though?"
"Oh we have menus, why do you want one when I am telling you this is the best thing to order." 
"Ummm, well we'd just like to see what else there is?"
---Tells the waiter to get us a menu.---
(What the heck right?)

So he leaves for a second and my friends like we can leave, and me stupidly I say, "No we're already here and already ordered our drinks..." 
(Regret)
So we stay....
After not even a few minutes of looking at our menu, the owner and the waiter come back over and start telling us more about the firepit on and on about how this is the Brazilian thing you have to try this, etc etc. 

I said, "I just wanted a lamb pita." 
"A pita!!?? Why would you order a pita at a Brazilian steak house?!"
My friend, 'Why is it on the menu then?"
--I forget what he said but it didn't make sense, and I said, "no that's what I want."--
(Honestly I wish we would have just walked out but this was my first time ever having something like this happen to me I didn't really realize how to react.)

After bombarding us with the whole firepit thing he railroaded my friend into ordering the firepit. Which was the traditional meat on a spear that the bring around from one table to the next and cut off onto your plate. Normal, and pretty neat to do,... but she didn't really want that much food-specially meat!?

Think about we where going to go to tapas... it was SO much meat and they actually splattered some of it onto my friend shirt! The meat was dry and not very good. They also seemed to be serving it to everyone on the same schedule so it was not just 3 or 4 tables it was more like 8-10 tables... It took forever.

After we left some guys in the same situation as us, peering up the stairs where thinking if they should check it out, as we came down they asked us "Is this place good....?"
Our answer obviously, "NO!!"
I've only eaten lunch here,so this is not a thorough review.

No buffet,only salad and bread appetizers.

Decent variety of meats at lunch and not too expensive.

Not very easy to find  (hidden upstairs at a strip mall)

Wait staff is friendly.
Cold in the winter.
Typical Vegas over the top decor.
Went with a large group and had a great time. The staff was totally on top of the service. Food was cooked to perfection and the lamb was some of the best I've eaten.
No longer open for lunch,
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!

AS always I should have listened to you Yelpers. I tried, I really did but the rest of the party I was with insisted they wanted to go here even though the restaurant next door was Moroccan and had belly dancers! ( not to mention 4 stars). Just as other people have commented, Yes there is a very annoying Italian manager that just loves to teach you about "Brazilian steak house". I have a feeling he is going deaf, everything coming out of him is very boisterous and he even bends over when you place your order and yells in your ear "WHAT?" The horrible part was there was an actual Brazilian in our group but the manager had no idea... he thought us so many things about "Brazilian steak house" he even taught me how to drink out of a cup.  He was very perturbed when we wanted to see the menu instead of getting the "Brazilian steak", "YOU DO NOT WANT TO EAT BRAZILIAN FOOD??" This is because it is the most expensive thing on the menu.

The restaurant inside looks like they picked up everything at a garage sale and then put it all together in one big space. There is a huge chandelier in the middle of the restaurant that consists of 40 green desk lamps turned upside down. The restaurant also comes complete with pastel crane "posters" from a 90's hotel.

The food:
DISGUSTING.
I ordered the Greek salad because I was scared to get anything else. They over drenched it with salad dressing and the feta was out of those President packages you get at the supermarket. The Brazilian guy we were with got the actual "Brazilian Steak" which is all you can eat of different cuts of meat. "NO DOGIE BAGS AND NO SHARING" barked the manager. I didn't want to eat any of his stinking meat anyway it looked like it had been recycled from day to day. One of the waiters asked my B.F if he wanted more turkey ( Brazilians don't even eat turkey) and he said "no" he was full and the old geezer got mad and said that he is required to ask and that he should be polite! ok... the B.F puts up with my shit all day long and doesn't say a thing... this guy just wanted to be a dick.

P.S- Even some of the other waiters were making crazy faces(LOCO) behind the managers back  when he was talking to the table!! Everyone thinks he's an idiot, even his employees!!
The food was ok.  
They had available tables, and that was the major draw here.  The place was upstairs and out of view.  I didn't read about it before going and didn't know what to expect.
They didn't have as great of a selection on the 'brazillian' menu as some places.  The meat was decent.   The sides with the meal were adequate.  It was a fair amount of money to spend for a meal.  I'd say that you should be hungry if you go to get your money's worth.  I've been to better brazillian steakhouses.  This was ok, but nothing special.
My first time to try Brazilian Steakhouse a couple years ago and I went to dine at Yolie's.  Atmosphere is serene and romantic, salad bar is not as articulate as Texas de Brazil, however the food is just the same ~ great steaks, friendly gauchos but not as friendly as TdB's gauchos, price range is reasonable (shelled out $35 for dinner of 1).  I would recommend this place.
I dig Yolies. It isnt the best Brazillian steak house I have been to but I have never been disappointed. Not a lengthy review but its just a place you have to try once and if its for you it is if its not it not. I guess thats the epitome of mediocre lol
My husband and I went there to try something different. And different is what we got. We were the ONLY people there on a Saturday night at 8pm..prime dining time right? we got the huge meal tour even though I was not hungry enough for it, it was, I felt a good deal for as much food as they give you. I felt like we were in "The Shining" a huge elegant ballroom completely alone.But instead of creepy twins, our waiter looked like Moe from the Simpsons. Awesome.The other wait staff was freakin hot tho. One of the guys gave me some salsa, He warned me 3 times ut was hot. I was thinking how hot could it possibly be? It was like fire incarnet. AMAZING!! But you HAVE to ask and you HAVE TO USE SPARINGLY!! Food was good, def a meat eaters place for sure!! Half way thru the meal, a couple came into the completely empty place and they sat them, right next to us. I mean, whatever but I would like privacy if it is all empty. NOT have to listen the akward first date obviously not going well echoing through the place. At any rate, I will be back to see what it is like when I know what to expect.
I am a meat lover. We had a group of 20 people. The service was great. The waiter gave me a creme burlee on the house. That was very nice of him. Ambiance was perfect for a relaxing dinner. Although the meat was on a saltier side, non of the meat tasted dry even the chicken.
I haven't been here for a while as I found it unremarkable on my last visit.  Soup, salad and other items outside of the main meal were forgettable, entree items from the rodizio were reasonably good, sometimes a little off (i.e. dry turkey), service was very hit or miss, with wait staff either moderately attentive or hard to get a hold off.  Decor and sensibility of restaurant was dated and uninteresting.

I have not been to other options in town (i.e. Texas de Brazil, Samba or Brasil) other than Rumjungle's rodizio, which was a little better on the food, but I did not like the club atmosphere (and I hold nothing against them on the club atmosphere, as this is delivered as advertised but not my taste for dining at least).

Would recommend trying other options.
Good food restaurant was way too hot!!
This is like a carnivore's dream! You are met at the door by the host. Who is very loquatious (sp) he talks alot is what I am trying to get at. Which doesn't really bother me, it really gives the place ambiance. I loved the meal . My favorites are the turkey wrapped in bacon, the tri-tip and totally LOVE the lamb. It really is an amazing meal.  Their flan is unbelievable! 
I wasn't really crazy about the french fries that were served with the meal but that has been part of the menu forever.  
All in all ... it is a great meal great experience.. I suggest going with a group of people, it makes for a lot of fun
No impressed, very old, dingy places. food was very dry. meat selection very limited, price very high. Great place if you like dining alone, not many customers here. service was very good, lots of employees hanging around with nothing to do...
If I could give a 4.5 stars, I would.  

I was on my way to Firefly with my wife, but my wife doesn't really dig tapas.  Me being as resourceful as I am, find a Brazilian BBQ tucked upstairs and across the street.  Boy were we in for a pleasant surprise.  

The place isn't your typical Vegas, glamour, baller, bling bling restaurant... It looks old on the inside... Do they need an update on decor?  Sure.  But am I willing to look past that because I'm here for food?  Abso-effin-lutely...

The only reason why I actually picked up the menu was to see how much the Brazilian BBQ costs.  Not bad...Comparable to strip buffets for us non-locals...Wasn't really too concerned because I was about to get the welcomed self-induced meat sweats. 

The staff was really attentive and really made sure that my wife's first Brazilian BBQ experience was pleasant.  They gave us generous portions of meat with every pass.  There was no lull in-between meats.  They didn't rush us with the meat service and actually took the time to explain everything that was going on.  Meat wasn't overdone and although the variety was a bit short, they made up for it by making the meat they had really well...A really pleasant evening.

After eating, I checked the other reviews on this place. I don't know how this place got reviews any less than two stars.  I understand that there are phenomenal Brazilian BBQ places out there and personal preferences come into play, but if you didn't like this place because of the decor, you obviously didn't come here to eat and shouldn't be writing reviews for food.  If it was service, then I can sorta take your review with some gravity.  However, if your complaint was about the lack of people in the restaurant, once again, you obviously didn't come for the food.  I would think that that's why people go to restaurants. To eat. To eat food.  If you can't manage to do simple things like eat by yourself, you must get really frustrated in a bathroom. 

Let me let some of you other delusional yelpers in on something.  If you go to a Brazilian BBQ and don't get the Brazilian BBQ, you look like a moron.  That's like going to In-N-Out and asking for Chicken McNuggets.  Or better yet, asking for a hot dog at a vegan restaurant.  (Side Note: I do realize there are vegan hot dogs, vegan tofu burgers and vegan bacon. That is disturbing...I wouldn't eat a vegetable if it was shaped like meat.  I'm not going to ask for meat shaped into cabbage.  You're just lying to yourself.  There's a reason to why you have the instinct to eat meat.  Because it's good for you in balance.  It's your own business to look like you walked out of Auschwitz, but stop pretending that you don't miss bacon...) Nobody forced you into the meat buffet.  The ONLY reason why you would and should go to a Brazilian BBQ is to stuff your face with more meat than a gay gangbang bukkake flick.  

HAHAHA...Sorry, I had to laugh at that one myself.
My employer hosted a lunch event here and as the second in command for organizing the event I was EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this place. First off this wasn't my selection of restaurant. Had I visited it before like the organizer did I would NEVER have selected to host our event here. 

Decor needs a major update. I understand redecorating is expensive but that is NO excuse for your out of fashion decor to be dirty. Filthy walls, carpet and seats. Dirty and dingy smelling bathrooms. 

Next disappointment was the SLOW service. We had about 15 guests and 5 presenters/event staff. It took forever for our Grandpa server to get anything including drink refills. At one point I had to get refills on my own from the bartender who appeared to be doing nothing. Why could he have not helped out is beyond me. There was only one other table in the restaurant. Food was coming out and different times, some tables had salad while others had nothing, when the meal came out it was also not timed very well. 

One of our guests even had a bug in her food (the potatoes). I was really disappointed with the quality of food. The sides and cuts of meat seemed cheap and there didn't seem to be anything overly "Brazilian" about them.

Save your money and your time.
I have been there twice so far now. 
I agree that the decor is VERY outdated.  Bathrooms need a bit of work. We had really really good service there.  I only have had the seafood and both times my food was amazing!!!

The shrimp cocktail is fabulous and fresh.  The salmon was prepared just right!! and the seafood past was out of this world.  So, I guess it is all a matter of taste. The people around us eating  the meat seemed very pleased, so who knows?

Prices were very affordable. Will be back again.
I have been going to Yolie's since the mid 90's - when tradeshow crowds dictated a 1+ hr wait.  I haven't been there for several years - and was a bit concerned based on some of the recent reviews on Yelp.  So I took my wife here this weekend for her first Yolie's experience.  It was just as I remembered it!

The staff was VERY friendly - getting our Caipirinha orders out quickly, to accompany the bread and salsa that is served.  

I knew better than to order anything OTHER than the special - all you can eat meat!  

We feasted upon chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, sirloin, tri-tip, porl loin, sausage, and lamb.  The waiter was bringing it as fast as we could eat it - and we were offered as much as we could possibly take.

I am still a bit puzzled as to how some folks say that they were denied meat?  If anything, they could use the red/green cards used at many of the chain Brazilian places (all a copy of Yolie's!).  We passed on several rounds of meat, but as soon as we asked for something, it was on our plate within seconds.

Granted, this is not a glitzy place that you go to for the ambience.  But Yolie herself has always greets me, along with her very gregarious Italian head waiter (I never learned his name).  

I will always choose Yolie's over any of the big hotel's or chains that are present in Vegas.
Have been here several times...bring your appetite!  Good service and good food.  Don't come here if you're on a diet.
My in-laws took us here after my brother-in-law's wedding a few weeks ago.  My husband previously went here with his family and had always told me how good it was.  I would have to agree.

Let me start by saying...if you're a vegetarian...stay away!   This is a carnivorous feast!  We recently visited another local Brazilian BBQ, but that place was horrendous.  Yoli's meat was cooked perfectly.  The appetizers were excellent, the service was excellent and the creme brulee was amazing.  I am not sure how pricey it is because we didn't pay for it..but I imagine it's not cheap.

Highly recommend to all of the meat lovers out there!
Food is great! Unfortunatly the service isn't. Only 1 person serving meat not like others where there are 5 or 6 people serving. They better improve there game! Fogo di Chao is opening across the street! This place better improve on service! We went the following week to Texas de Brazil, what a difference! I like people to try Texas de Brazil or even Fogo di Chao and try to come back here! Food is ok here, there banannas are the best here out of anyone so far in Vegas, but the downside is you only get 1. I can unfortunatly see this business go out of business maybe with-in the next year if there lucky 2 years. Reason of this would be because of Texas de Braizil and now Fogo di Chao. They would count on visitors that don't know better to eat at Yolies. But locals and returning customers would go to Via Brazil, Texas de Brazil, or Fogo di Chao, or even Sambas at the Mirage.
It's just sad to see a business run down in service, quaility and even the decore. Even if they improve on service and have good selections of meat, they won't be able to compete with the top 4 Brazilian Resturants in town. The food is good but now there are better places, it's not the 80's or 90's anymore where this was the only thing.
Go for lunch!

My dad and I went to Yolie's to catch up with each other before the new year. The restaurant, located on the second floor of a shopping plaza in downtown Las Vegas, was completely empty. We were doted on by the server. My dad LOVED the experience.

Of course, we chose to eat from the grill. The lunch grill is almost half the price of the dinner grill, and contrary to another review I have read on Yelp, Yolie's opens at 11:30 AM, even on weekdays. We went on a Wednesday.

The lunch grill is served in stages. Everything is brought to your table and served to you. Unlike other Rodizios I have been to, there is no buffet bar you have to make your way to for appetizers or side dishes. We started with drinks and then a house salad, Brazilian salsa, and fluffy hot sliced bread. Polenta, potatoes, rice, steamed broccoli and steamed carrots followed as side dishes for the grill.  Our server came from the coast of southern Brazil, and visited with us, amiably answering all our questions about the food, the restaurant, and what he missed about his homeland.  He asked us if we wanted our meats flavored only by the marinade, or if we wanted them a little spicier. We asked what he recommended, and he told us he preferred them with the marinade only. Hot sauce was sometimes requested by customers who wanted a more "Latin" flair. He explained to us that food in Brazil was not prepared with hot sauce, but some Americans expect any cuisine that hails from south of the border to have a Tex-Mex flavor. I am glad we took his advise. The flavor of the meats was subtle and complex, and wonderful.

The lunch grill comes with unlimited Rodizio cuts of young Spring chicken, homemade Italian sausage, pork tenderloin roast, and Tri-tip steak. All were amazing, but the chicken, with its crisp exterior and tender melt-in-your-mouth meat was my personal favorite. My dad preferred the pork and the Tri-tip. 

If you go for dinner, bacon wrapped turkey and leg of lamb are also served with the grill. But the price of the dinner grill currently is about $35 per person, and the lunch grill is just under  $18 per person. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity of the food and the service, especially for the price.

Make sure you go with at good appetite. Regardless of what you order, don't plan on leftovers. A note at the bottom of the menu clearly stated that no "doggie bags" are provided or permitted.
I was a little worried given some of the recent reviews but I have been to Yolie's on many visits to Vegas over the last 15 years and have never had a bad experience.  This was no different.  We went during CES but were still able to get a table, probably because everyone went to TdB or FdC, which are definitely better known.
As usual, the meat was outstanding.  Cooked perfectly, served as you wish.  I like the TriTip from the middle and the lamb from the edge, which the waiter was happy to oblige.  The other thing I always like about Yolies is that the wine list is reasonable, plenty of good choices for $50 and less.  I always start with a Caprihana, and this time it was good but not great and took a while.
The only reason I dont give 5 stars is the decor is dated and the tables a little cramped and the service to start (for soup and salad) was slow.  
But it was still a great experience and a nice family run place if you dont want the corporate route.  Yolie is as friendly as ever and the maitre d' is hysterical.
LOCATION NOTE: this place is NOT on the strip, dont know why the map is wrong.  Its down on Paradise, which is another great reason to go and avoid traffic.
Bomb. I love the tri-tip here. Well done!
The service was excellent. 

It is an "old school" kinda place. Nothing trendy here. 

The food was top notch. 

We went to Yolies because we heard they had an ala carte menu as well as an all you can eat sample menu. My husband never eats much at one time. So he ordered the porterhouse. The waiter told him that the rib-eyes were the way to go. He was right. The steak my husband had was perfect. 

I had the sample menu.  I couldn't have been more impressed.
I LOVE YOLIES! Every time we go to Las Vegas (3-4 times a year) we go to Yolies. 

I honestly think in our current society of "I want what I want, when I want it" makes it harder for Yolies to shine. Yolies shines with its all you can eat sampler menu.  Honestly, I think of it as a meat orgy, its amazing. but when someone is accustomed to being handed a menu and being served exactly what they order than ordering a whim of "meat orgy" it makes it harder for them to truly appreciate the awesomeness of a promenade of meat.

The service is always amazing. The coffee tastes like heaven.

Once we went with a party of 12 and the service was still great, even with two vegetarians, though I am not sure why they choose to come with us to a MEAT dinner, they really liked their dinners as well. 

Its my all time favorite place to eat, and I look forward to it for months between our trips to Vegas.
Overall was very disappointed

the good:
service is good, waiter and servers were friendly and prompt with food. 

the bad:
the meat was overcooked mostly
decor needs updating
kind of pricey for the quality (Spent $100 with tip for two drinks, two meals, bottled water)
only one guy brings around the meat....seemed awfully rushed
Great food great dining experience!!!  Thanks Carlo & Crew!!!
Amazing.  Service, food, ambiance, price, all amazing.
I went here for my 21st birthday, so it's been years since I've eaten there. Yet I've been to Vegas many times since...that's already somewhat telling. The service and food were lackluster. If anything, I can at least say it's somewhat cheaper than other Brazilian establishments, but knowing I can get higher quality food and service elsewhere, I do. 

I think we had a party of maybe 12 people. It was not busy, even though it was a weekend back then, and still the service just sucked...I can't even recall a buffet, and maybe they have one now, but didn't then? If they did, wow, then it was not very great, either. 

I've also been to Samba's in the Mirage, and it's decent, but can be crowded. It's still higher on my list for Brazilian than here. Definitely go to Fogo's if you want classy and upper-end. You'll also have more options for some fiber with your meal with a large salad buffet. You get what you pay for and this place embodies that meaning perfectly!
It's no Espetus or even Fogo, but the line was non-existent so we got seated in under 10 minutes. That's good, right?

My manager brought me and some colleagues here. Well, we'd aimed for another restaurant but their wait was 45 minutes and growing. So we wandered over here. No line, as I mentioned, and about half of the tables were empty. Lots of shrimp cocktails moving around the place, and  I didn't see the ever popular "meat on swords" until we'd been there for about 15 minutes. Thought maybe it was conventional table service, which made no sense. 

The food was pretty good, and one upside to eating here is that they give you a light side salad and one bowl of bread, so you don't fill up on the salad bar (as can be tempting at more upscale churrascarias). They took care of the "cooked" (well-done) meat eaters at our table, and the "let me hear it moo before I eat it" eaters as well. 

I probably wouldn't be eager to go back, but if I were in a hurry to get seated and pig out, I'd give it serious consideration. I didn't see the bill (thanks Dan!) so I can't speak to price or value, but I'd go with Meh+ on this venue.
Firefly was booked solid, so the team suggested this place instead.  I didn't realize what it was until I got here - the same mediocre Brazilian I tried years ago.
Compared to my last visit, service was (slightly) better and the food was worse.
It's very much a silver hair crowd, so if you're bringing your hot date here, don't.
Given both Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil up the road, there's no reason to come here.
This is my favorite Brazillian steak house in town. I like Texas De Brazil, but this place is more homely. It's intimate, the staff treats you like family and the owner is a character! 

The rodizio meats are excellent. The banana is sweet crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, The rodizio pineapple is stellar, The fried cornmeal is phenomenal, the service is amazeballs, and the price is decent. MUST TRY.
It's been a while since I've been here, but I would like to tell you about my experience.

It was nothing like I expected.  In fact, I had no idea what to expect when we came here to have dinner.  The place seemed big to me, and we pretty much had our choice of where we wanted to sit.  We were given menus and as we were looking them over the manager came over and said something like "I can tell you've never been here because you're looking at the menu!"  He then explained the plan to us.   

We were given a set of tongs and when servers would come by our table with a huge skewer of cooked meat, they would slice it off and we would pick it up with our tongs.  Don't use your fingers!  So much meat...such a limited appetite!   I can't remember every meat that was served to us but there were at least 4 or 5, and I'm thinking there were more than that.  All I know is that we were stuffed when we left.

I think the worst I could say about this place is that it forces me to interact with my servers; I'm so used to the regular routine where a server comes to our table, takes our drink order then returns with drinks to take the food order, delivers the food then shows up occasionally to see if everything is "still okay".  Even though I don't have to interact much with the servers except to tell them "Yes, thank you" or "No, thank you", I still have to step out of my routine and it's a bit of a distraction when I'm talking to the Hub.  Still, I'd come back here.  I love giving restaurants a second chance to see if I liked them as much as I did the first time around....and it would give me an opportunity to update my review.  ;)

Like I said, it's been a while since I've eaten here, and I'm hoping they're at least as good as when we ate here.  However....your results may vary.  ;)
Nice! The service was slow, I guess they didn't have many people working, but the food was very taste.
NOW THAT'S A KNIFE!

And I am sure that the server wanted to stick it in me!

I have never come here by choice. I have only been here for team dinners or as I like to call it group fun. It is easy because you just tell them 15 people and no one needs to even look at a menu.

Let's get back to that knife getting stuck in me.  This place is not like a Fogo because they really do not want you to eat a lot of meat here. The waiter was handing out turkey breast and my co-worker said he did not want one. I asked the waiter for a second turkey and he told me, "NO!"  He then looked at me and said, "I am bringing sausage next. You can have that!" I then said, "I do not want sausage, I want the turkey breast!" He still refused to give it to me. Can we say, "Awkward!"

When the waiter came back he refused to give me sausage! He said, "You told me you did not want sausage!" I said, "Yeah I did but since you told me I couldn't have the turkey breast. I want the sausage out of principal!" It was quite funny because my co-worker then made the waiter give me two sausages. I am glad that I did because the sausage was really tasty. I might have missed out on that.  From that point on the waiter was a little mad at me.  In fact, he chose to cut all of the meat directly in front of me. I was just waiting for him to spill on me or drop something in my lap. It was very weird and a little of a power play on his part. 

I also must point out that the food here is really salty. The chicken was good but it was over salted. We ordered a bunch of pitchers of water for the table.  Something strange also happen. About 30 minutes after we ate our chicken, the waiter came back with thongs to pick out our chicken bones off of our plate.  Why didn't they just give us a clean plate? And he was only grabbing chicken bones. He was leaving the beef fat and other various scraps of meat. I told my buddy that the chef needed the bones to make a stock. Sadly I believe that this is what was happening right at our table. I also joked that they were going to make a stock out of our bones and make us drink it as a team building experience. Yuck!!!

The sides here are terrible. The Brazilian buns are the worse Brazilian buns ever. At other places I can not stop eating them but here I would not even feed them to a bird. The only side that is good is the fried polenta or at least I think that is what it is.

The bartender is a sweet old lady but she can not remember your drink. So make it easy and just order a beer or a scotch or a wine.  We started drinking at the bar and the bartender could not even remember what rum she used in one of my co-workers drinks. The funny part is that she sold us at the bar that it was the best dark rum and then 20 minutes later could not even tell us what rum it was. Lies!!!

The owner here is also all business. He tries to up sell everything. He also tried to get us to buy bottles of wine for the table. He told us that it would be easier for us to get a drink if we just poured our own wine. I found this unbelievable that an owner would try and talk us out of mixed drinks. He even went as far as to tell us it would be hard for us to get our drinks. I really did not like this. We all stuck with ordering from the bar but it was a slow painful process. This place lost money!

On another occasion we had a bunch of female co-workers with us and the owner was all over them. It was a little sick. He was hitting on them and ignoring all of the men at the table. I found this a little tasteless. We did not have to worry about this on our most recent visit because we had 14 men and 1 woman.

I also must point out that I usually come here during the two largest conventions in Vegas (CES and NAB) and we can always get a table. Try that at the other restaurants and you will be waiting 1 to 2 hours for a table.  Yes there is always a table open here and it is easy to get in. That tells me that a lot of people are not going out of there way to come here and eat.

The best thing that I had here was the shrimp cocktail which the owner pushed us to order along with fried calamari. Do not get the fried calamari because it is not fresh. I believe it is frozen and it does not taste good at all. These were all add on's and the owner never came back once we refused to buy bottles of wine. He went to work other tables and get there bills inflated.

The only good cut of meat here was the tri-tip. It was really tasty. It was sad that after all of that meat, it was the only one of the cuts that actually stood out. Also, beware that the waiter is going to control how much meat you get and the process is slow and long... painfully long.

This place is not fancy. The interior could use a face lift along with an attitude adjustment by the staff. I am sure that the owner tells them to not give people a lot of meat even though it is all you can eat. The menu should say, "All you can bare!" because after a while you just want to get out of here!
I have been a regular at Yolies for years, it has always been totally top notch, from service, to food, evreything..  I have to say I was dissappointed this time... hopefully just a random bad day.  
The lettuse on salad was just a bit brown around the edges, some of the meats were dry, even the service was a bit stale... 
From a place where customer is always king, service food is always sterling, I  was saddly disappointed... 
Step up the game, update restaurant, the carpet is from old Vegas!!
Great food and awesome service!
It was terrible. I received a coupon from United Blood Service $70 value for 2.  With 2 sodas, our total bill was $84, without tip. A waste of money considering I left hungry.

The restaurant looks old, a little dirty, but smells delicious. We got rice, potatoes, polenta, broccolli, carrots, bread and cold butter as side dishes. The rice was very, very bad. Potatoes were ok. The best part of dinner was the broccoli.

The wait staff and owner weren't very friendly to my husband and me (because of coupon?). We were offered 7 cuts of meat. The chicken and turkey were good. All the other meat were bland. When I asked if that was all the food, they told me yes. Quite disappointed, but at least I know. Last time I ate here was 1997 and I don't recall it being this bad. I am not sure what all these good reviews are for. I have been to many more awesome Brazilian Churrascarias.

It's great food if you don't have taste buds.
Wow. Horrible fucking service and not so great food. We made a reservation for 6 at 730pm and got there at 8. As soon as we walked in,  we were seated right away.  After that, it all went downhill. It took 10 min for them to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered a round of waters and she told us the waiter would bring us water and she got upset cause no one ordered alcohol.  20 minutes pass by and finally the waiter comes to bring us water.  So that's 30 min to get some fucking water. To top it off, my water came in a dirty glass and when I asked for a new one, the waiter said they ran out of cups. Umm hello? Fucking wash one. We ordered calamari as an appetizer and when it came out,  for sure that shit came out of the freezer.  It tasted really fishy. Next, the salad comes out and the dressing tasted so nasty. not one of us ate the salad. we had to ask 3 times for them to start serving the meat and after another long 30 minute wait, the meat finally comes. i was so hoping for the meat to be tender and well seasoned but that backfired as well. the only thing that i can say was good was the chicken. after 1 full round of all the meats, the waiter kept asking us if we were done. i guess it was his time to go home. what the fuck man. at this point we were all fed up already and just wanted to leave so we ask for our check. ANOTHER 30 min pass by and finally i got tired of all this bullshit and got up to ask for the check. the polite waiter who i give my 1 star to told us that ever since the manager that was wearing a wig took over, the restaurant started going to shit. the pos system that they used was broken so they had to manually write down everyones order. he apologiezed to everyone and gave us 15%off coupons for future use. i will NEVER go back to this bullshit ass restaurant.
Great food and excellent service.  Most of the reviews don't match the actual place.  The chicken and lamb are superb.
I was really surprised by all the low ratings! We went  recently on a Saturday night and were wary because it was fairly empty inside. We almost left, but were glad we stayed. The sides were a nice selection and all enjoyable. The tri-tip and lamb were outstanding! I woke up the following day thinking about the tri-tip. I enjoyed everything we ate. The turkey and chicken were also excellent. The pork and sausage were a little salty for my taste, but everyone else had seconds. The tiramisu for desert was the weakest course we had, but even that was okay.  The service was good, they all seemed to be trying.  I will definitely be back.
One star is too good for this place. OMG!! It was horrible.
I have eaten in Brazil dozens and dozens of times, I have eaten Brazilian in many cities of the USA, and other countries. None and I mean none have ever been as horrible as this place.
This is NOT Brazilian food......
How the heck can anyone rate this higher than two stars......maybe if they were drunk or "high"......
The lack of decent service, the crappy mixed drinks, the owner/manager was annoying like a used car salesman, other writer said "it was fucking horrible" they are 100% correct.
It may have been good 3 or 4 decades ago ....... Those days are well past!

As an update after being away from this horrible place for 16 hours my stomach still hurts! My wife has "Yolies belly" !!
We have been to this particular Yolies in the past.  This place has gone extremely down hill since the last time we were there!  The service was horrible, they didn't even have a cocktail waitress so the elderly female owner took orders, and she screwed most of them up.  The sides to the main dinner were also horrible!  The vegetables were served cold, and were served 15 minutes before the meat showed up.  The salad dressing tasted like pure vinegar, I couldn't eat it.  The meat was fair/good.  They had one server for about 70 people, 2 tables of 18 walked out.  My only regret was we didn't leave with them.  What should have been a 2 hour dining experience turned into a 4 hour one!  Time for the owners to retire and sell this place, because the doors won't be open for very long!  There are so many good restaurants in Vegas, don't waste your time or money on this restaurant!  Oh yeah, and another thing, the guy serving the meat spilled blood from the beef plate all over 2 people at our table.  They didn't even offer to clean their shirts!  An awful experience to say the least!
The food is amazing. The tri-tip and pork were to die for.
I had gone to Yolie's many times in the past when I had visited Las Vegas but hadn't been there for at least 5 years before I ate there last night. The food is still good as it has always been. You definitely have to like meat and more meat but all that was offered was very good. The drink service however was horrendous! We had a group of six and came in early in the evening when the place was about 25% full. After, what I'm assuming was the owner, gave his little introductory speech and left, we waited about 15 min before we had to flag someone down for drinks. The frazzled waiter took our drink order and that's the last we saw of home for 20 minutes. Then only a few of us received our drinks. One of our party had to reorder his beer three times and finally got it about 45 minutes after he originally ordered it. On top of that the cocktail waitress came with an attitude and seemed irritated when we mentioned that our friend had ordered his beer three times. When we asked for the bill, we again waited at least 15 minutes when we had to finally get up and start walking out before they would respond.


This will be the last time at Yolie's for me!
This is one of the worst restaurants I have been. Old, old, old....... Bad cheap food....and expensive. Not sure how they survive.
The salad bar was five stars, the meat ranged from one to 3ish.  The service was great but the beers were 6 bucks a pop.  We had a good time dining at this Brazilian steakhouse, but like other experiences at these carnivore havens, I feel disgusting afterward.  It is impossible to keep yourself from filling to the brim and it is not as appealing when it is mediocre meat.  The ribeye was the only request we had for seconds.  The filet was overcooked and they wrapped other meats in bacon to disguise the rubbery taste.

I do have to say that the salad bar rocked.  It was a lot more than a salad bar.  It included crab legs, beef crepes, a million different salad choices and toppings.  You cannot opt for salad bar only at dinner, so I suggest lunch where you can dine on the salad bar alone and skip the meat.
This place is an all-you-can-eat rodizio-style Brazilian BBQ (a churrascaria). If you haven't had it, it's quite an experience! The waiters will come to your table with skewers of various meats (steaks, ribs, sausages, ham, pork, lamb, etc.) until you flip the wooden "sinal" so the red side is up (green means go, red means stop). Oh, and there's also salad. And the desserts! You'll want three.

It's on the expensive side (dinner is $30 per person + drinks + desserts) but it's well worth it to try at least once.
I like Fogo E Brasa very well.  All you can eat salad bar and grilled meat delivered to the table, throttled by a neat red-green-yellow indicator you get to set.  

Stuffed grape leaves were the highlight of the salad bar, but there were other impressive items, including the green-shell (cooked) oysters.

The top sirloin was amazingly delicious except for surface cuts, which were ridiculously salty.

The pineapple, hot on the outside but not burnt, was perfect and made a tough act to follow for the items on the varied dessert cart.  The flan is tasty but of course very rich; I'm unable to enjoy more than a few spoonfuls at that point in the meal.

I thought the service was quite good, with attention to detail even on the busiest evenings.  Make reservations, it does fill up.
We visited Fogo E Brasa this past weekend for a birthday celebration.  I was late in getting us going so I hurried inside and clicked on the Google Maps directions which sent us 20 minutes in the wrong direction.  This was fateful because when we arrived for Lunch, the salad bar was closing in a few minutes so my wife and daughters felt a bit rushed through their meals (they opted to skip on the barbeque).  Still, there was a lot of variety for lunch and they ended up filling up some extra plates and bringing them back to the table.  My son and I made a single pass through the salad, trying most of everything.  It was all very tasty.  Then the meat started coming out!  My son and I had at least six servings of everything.  Despite there being fewer selections at dinner, the meat was quite tasty (although my son commented later that it was a bit greasy for his taste.)  We ordered the Chocolate Mousse cake for dessert but they also brought a separate dessert for me, the birthday boy!  By the time we rolled out of there, I didn't need to eat until the next day!  Lunch was a great idea to save a little on money and avoid some of the crowds; just remember to get there well before 3:00 when they switch from Lunch to the Dinner buffet to avoid getting charged more.  Also, I tried the caipirinha and it was very tasty (had a similar taste to a margarita on the rocks, but better.)  All five of us ate for less than $100 so it was a pretty good experience.
Came here for a late lunch and was a bit disappointed. The service was polite, but very slow. 

The "salad" bar had a variety of less than flavorful dishes, most leaning toward the "pickled" or "vinegary" side.  I felt the tabouli had way too much parsley and lacked the fresh taste you would expect. The hummus tasted burnt. The very simple egg salad was my personal favorite.

The meat offering at lunch is reduced from the dinner offerings. Sirloin, Top Sirloin, Tri-Tip, Roast Beef, Chicken, Ham, and Pork Sausage. Much of the meat was over done outside and nearly uncooked inside. The meat quality is lower than expected for this price range, too much fat and connective tissue.

The ham was ok, but had the kind of texture and taste one normally associates with a pre-cooked canned ham. The chicken tasted over smoked, that is to say ash like. All of the meats seemed to have been flavored with the same spice combination, and therefore exuded a uniform taste as you moved from dish to dish. The Tri-tip stood out as being the most flavorful and stood up the best to the uneven cooking.

The desert tray looked interesting but we did not partake. The alcohol prices were a bit high and we did not partake.

Overall it was ok, I can't recommend it - nor would I go again for myself, but I probably wouldn't turn down a free meal there.
Wow...this was absolutely the worst dinning experience of our lives.  (This wasn't our first Brazilian Steakhouse)

We called before to see if they took reservations.  The girl who answered the phone was clueless.  She didn't know the answer so we just asked how long the wait was since we were only about 30 minutes away.  She started rambling about seating us maybe at table 30 or table 36 and then just paused for about 30 seconds.  She finally said there would be no wait.

When we got there, after a few minutes we were seated.  We waited about 5 minutes and then our waiter came by and said, "Hi, how are you doing?  Have you been....Oh, hold on, this table was here first." And then he turned around and started helping a table across from us that actually just sat down!!  (They had 6 people so he probably expected a larger bill)  After another 5 minutes with them, he came back to us and we ordered water and he explained that we turn the block to red when we're eating salad bar and to green when we want meat.  

We got our salad from the salad bar. (Best part of the meal but it was still very average in our opinion)  After another 5 minutes we asked one of the server assistants for our water and for some bread that comes with all the meals.  It took another 3-4 minutes after that before they brought our water.  No bread.  We got seconds on our salad bar and came back to the table.  At that time, we decided we wanted to start trying some meat with our salad bar items.  I flipped over the block to green.  The waiter came by and flipped BACK over the block and said "NO, you're not ready!" and kept on walking by!!  We we're floored by his response, if they wanted us to wait until the sides came they could have said it more tactfully.  

A few minutes later we pushed our salads to the side and flipped over our block again to show we wanted our sides and meat.  They brought over our sides (rice, beans, fried bananas, and a few other things).  Still no bread, we asked again.  They brought it a few minutes later.  So I put some rice and beans on my plate and waited for meat.  They brought by our option of meat and put it on our plates (we accepted every meat they brought by).  I started eating and took a bite of my rice.  I felt something stringy in my mouth and proceeded to pull out a long, blond hair.  We were disgusted.  I waited for our waiter to come by but after 5 minutes he didn't show up.  Finally, a meat server came by and we asked him to get our waiter.  He came by and I showed him the hair, he asked for it and examined it.  He then looked at us and said that no one in the kitchen has blonde hair...inferring it wasn't from them.  My wife and I both have brunette hair so we knew it wasn't ours.  He took away the rice and my plate and they brought by new rice and plates a few minutes later.  (No apologies at this time)  I didn't care for rice now and really wanted to try some more meat.  I waited for about 7-8 minutes until the next person came by with meat.  They put a small portion on our plates and walked away (never asked if we wanted more or a larger piece - none of the meat servers do this and they all give tiny pieces).  I ate that piece in 2 bites and waited again.  This became a pattern.  It was usually about 10 minutes between meats.  (Shouldn't be this way)  We mentioned this to our server and he said okay and walked away.  After another 30 minutes and only 2 more pieces of meat (one was pineapple) we said we had enough.   It was extremely frustrating looking around for someone to bring you meat and having to wait 10 minutes between bites.  

We told the waiter we were finished.  They brought by dessert but after our experience we passed.  A few minutes passed and he dropped the check on our table and said "sorry bout the hair" and walked away.  We expected to see a discounted tab, however it was for the full amount of $65.  He came back by and we asked to speak to a manager.  He walked over to one, talked for a bit and then came back and said no manager was available, but "I am available".  We told him how unhappy we were with the experience and that we didn't believe we should have to pay this enter amount.  He then asked "Did you both eat? You both ate food so you have to pay."  We again explained how unhappy we were and brought up everything that happend.  He said there was nothing he could do.  We asked to speak to a manager.  He said no, there was nothing they could do.  We asked again and he got one. The manager walks over (and guess what, she had long blond hair) after we explained the evening, she rudely asked if the waiter saw the hair, then she said that they had people out and it was too busy, and then said they couldn't do anything about our tab.  We argued and they finally took half off.

The reason why we are so upset was the customer service.  Places can have off nights, hair falls in food, but the way they handled it was absolutely pathetic.  SAVE YOUR $. DON'T GO HERE!
Hubby and I tried Fogo last night for my birthday. For the money, I would rather have gone to a place like Circa 1900. The salad bar was at least not a typical Sweet Tomatoes-esque affair, with egg, potato, shrimp and chicken (and many more) salads, potato lasagna, marinated mushrooms, King crab legs, and crab rangoons. Then the meats started coming fast and furious. The turkey was clearly processed, the chicken drumstick was over-seasoned and dry, the filet mignon was over-cooked and tasted like organ meat, the pork loin was quite dry, and the sausage was tough and gristle-y. My favorite was the sirloin by far. Hubby enjoyed it all more than I did, even though I am usually the bigger carnivore. The service was good, except they were constantly trying to up-sell with drinks ($7 a piece) and dessert which were not included in the $29.95 basic meal. I got a hat on my head and a ball of fudge with a candle in it for my birthday dessert. The grand total, with an appropriate tip, was $95- not worth the indigestion for the rest of the night. You can do much better than Fogo for a special night out.
Just about any Brazilian style steak house gets 4 stars form me.  On the plus side, the salad bar was amazing.  Fish, crab rangoons, squid salad, greek, ceaser, etc.  On the minus, the only poultry they brought us was one chicken dish, and no fish dish was provided outside the salad.  Expensive, and they do push the drinks pretty hard.  Cheesecake at the end was so-so.
My sister and I were visiting my dad in AZ for the weekend of Nov 30-Dec 2nd (the one weekend of the year when it rained).

My dad was treating, so I can't say for sure what the price was, I'm just guessing based on other reviews.   We ordered a couple of bottles of wine (for 4 people) and my future step-bro must have had at least 4 cokes (I hope they had free refills on that at least).

After seeing that desserts weren't included (sorry, dad, i didn't know!) I feel really bad about ordering two, but chocolate truffles and strawberry shortcake sounded like a magical combination.  Don't get the chocolate truffles!  They were little syrupy balls of yechhhh!  The strawberry shortcake seemed to be the best dessert offered, seeing as how my dad, his fiance, and my future step-bro all left theirs unfinished and didn't say they wish they could finish them.

The salad bar was four stars, maybe.  The crab was overcooked, but everything else was pretty tasty.  Maybe they rotate the items, so we missed out on the stuffed grape leaves and crab rangoon, but had a scallop dish and marinated calamari.  

The meats are done with a salt rub to tenderize (or so I've heard), so any of the outside pieces will be pretty salty.  The pineapple was delicious....mmmm....pineapple.  We had no problems with the service or with getting meats in a fairly timely manner.  At a certain point, a waitress asked us if there was anything she could bring more of, but there were only 4 meats that we had tried, so we made her bring out the other ones.  The top sirloin and the prime rib were probably the tastiest.  The bacon-wrapped turkey, sausage (too greasy) & the ham were the most skippable.

My sister said it was better than a place that she tried with her boyfriend's family (they are Brazilian) in the Valley (CA), but she couldn't remember the name.
We came here to celebrate my sister's college graduation. I was surprised at the large wait staff, and when it was time for dinner, I realized why they needed so many people. 

The appetizer buffet which we were told to start with had some great seafood salad items. The squid which was marinated in olive oil and lemon juice was fresh and tasty. 

Once we were ready for dinner, they gave us a wooden cube which was painted green on the top half and red on the bottom. When green is on top, the meats started coming. One by one, a server brought a large piece of meat on a skewer and carved it with a large knife right onto our plates. I can't remember how many different types of meats were served, but I was stuffed by the third meat. I recall seeing top sirloin, filet mignon, chicken legs, lamb-after this it was all a blur of meats. They also served warmed pineapple slices the same way the meats were carved. I never thought I would like warm pineapple so much, but it was really good. We kept asking for more pineapple. When we were finished stuffing ourselves, we had to flip the wooden cube, so that the red part was on top. This signaled the servers to stop coming by with meat.

After dinner, they brought out the gigantic dessert cart with very delightful looking desserts. None of us had any room for this and regretfully declined.

Overall, if you like meat and lots of it, you won't be disappointed. Everything we had was tender, delicious and well seasoned. The servers were great. The wait staff was slow at drink refills but not terrible. Pricey but worth it for special occasions.
Fogo e Brasa is a Brazilian Steakhouse in Phoenix. They have what we have quickly learned is the Brazilian Steakhouse formula, big salad bar and multiple roasted meats delivered to your table on a skewer.

I roared with glee when I read the review from the picky eater who ordered two desserts. Picky eaters should not go here. Fogo is about options, tastes, and above all, gluttony. Eat all you can, taste everything. When you are stuffing yourself and belching with abandon, it gets messy. There are no thoughts of strawberries for dessert. Oliver Twist overdosing on pink filet mignon, that's the idea. More! (Review based on three visits.)
Dinner. This visit was premeditated. I fasted for most of the day and abandoned the health-conscious mentality. 

My stomach was stirring up mixed feelings prior to the long drive to this place, due to some who did, or did not like Fogo E Brasa. Thoughts: 1) hope the drive is worth it, and 2) being challenged by hunger

So, arrived around 8ish, snooped around the salad bar while slyly checking out the meats in the kitchen. Salad bar was alright... you can have potato or pasta salad any day, so I skipped that. The fresh calamari looked appetizing, but it seemed as if everybody had picked out all the "good" parts. I think it was scallop ceviche, or some shellfish ceviche... it was good. But again, the good parts had been captured. 

Were served sides of rice, beans, pico de gallo, and breaded bananas. I thought I would enjoy the slightly carmelized, fried plantains that I'm used to, but unfortunately, not here. 

Onto to the M E A T.  And, into my intestines, still slowly digesting: ham, chicken enveloped in bacon, barbecue chicken, sausage (slightly dehydrated, but okay), trip tip, garlic steak (hm... this thing was tough, and will ignore next time), sirloin, prime rib, and lamb (favorite, prepared well- tender, pink middle, familiar aroma).

Whoa, and you would think, after those generous cuts of meat, I'd be done. Not quite yet. Of course, you need to round it out with something to cleanse the palate. So, behold the cart of desserts. I chose the tiramisu, and I guess the gal sensed my hungry eyes, and gave me a large piece of this tiramisu. It was good tiramisu, but I couldn't taste the undertones of rum. I'll have to say I've had better. 

I consumed copious amounts of water thanks to the attentive waiters. Also had some red, and capirinha to aid the flow of food in system, and lilliputian-sized espresso to end the night. 

Now, I'm just feeling all sorts of lethargy and other things that prevent me from being productive. My initial thoughts were tended. I'll drive here again, and the food did, indeed conquer me. I won't be hungry for days.
WOW! It is for sure worth the experience.
I'm sure you understand it has a beginning salad bar. (Don't fill up on it even if you are extremely impatient)
Turn to green and the delicious meets keep coming in gigantic swords that they carve and you uses your little tongs to help it to your plate.
Drinks are not included and around $3.00 for soda. Desert is not included either. But the roasted Pineapple is sure a treat. 

It was exciting to be served they way they do.
Bottom line kinda pricey but the food was great.  

We went on a Wednesday about 6ish. 6 adults 1 6 y old.($15) and 2 babies. 

and yes I nursed here.

You will see me here again when i feel like dropping  $80 on dinner for 2.
Gluttony is considered one of the seven deadly sins--Pope Innocent XI said "it is a defect to eat, like beasts, through the sole motive of sensual gratification, and without any reasonable object." Well, I'm a-goin' to hell, should that place exist, because a night at Fogo E Brasa is beyond redemption. I didn't just eat like a beast I ate several beasts. We had meats of such tender quality and savory succulence that I felt like Templeton in Charlotte's web, this is a place one can glut, glut glut glut!!! 

Tri-tip, garlic sirloin, prime rib, pork loin, ham, chicken regular, chicken BBQ, turkey wrapped with bacon, sausage, lamb, beef kabob, top sirloin, roast beef, cooked pineapple of sweetness were all selections that flowed from the kitchen. On the table was rice and beans and fried bananas, vinegared vegetables and a wheat germ like powder. The salad bar provided stuffed calamari, chicken cacciatore, seafood salads, mussels, octopus, shrimp, crab,  hummus, mint tabouli, salad items not consistent with Sweet Tomatoes.  I am frequently dissappointed with the salad bar despite it's abundance. A lady wandered by with rice balls and Phyllo filled spinach pockets. Your vegetarian friend will probably not be able to get enough variety to make it worth dropping $31 bucks just to pick at the salad bar, becuase most things are still  meat/fish options, but if they know ahead of time, they can decide for themselves. It will be hard if they really can't stand the meat on skewers. It's a carnivore wet dream though. The $31 per person. does not include your drinks or your dessert. Plan accordingly.
 
The wine selections are also unique, so if you enjoy testing out bottles you might find an off the beaten path selection here. We stick to some Pelligrino water, go light on the salad bar and take our time sampling the skewered swords of savory sirloins. Sometimes you get a dryer piece, a piece too rare, or a piece with too much fat, simply cut it off and await more, this is unlimited. They will come around again. If you don't see your favorite you should have a person helping expedite your tables  who will ask what would you like to have come out next. This is a useful man! He made sure we got a fresh pineapple instead of a near the core and colder slice. He made sure a fresh lamb was brought out and some top sirloin that we almost missed completely. He was unobtrusive and made sure our drinks were taken care of as well. 

When it came time for dessert, we knew to save enough space to share the Brazilian Chocolate mousse. It is thick and decadent. This experience is generally saved for a special treat, easy to drop a hundred bucks for two people if you have it all. You may find it necessary to make a reservation, especially if you are bringing a large group. As a couple we have always been seated within 15 minutes, even on a Saturday night. Enjoy!
Fogo e Brasa

Cool looking place. I felt like I had entered the "Enchanted Tiki Room" at Disneyland when I walked in. 

This is an awesome joint for a carnivore such as me. Service started out brilliant but ended in a bit of a thud for us and those around us. 

I took a seat at the bar and was immediately greeted by a very friendly bartender. He recommended a Brazilian Beer to me that I can't remember the name of but was like a chocolate stout. It was awesome. This bar keep was on top of his game as he explained the whole Brazilian BBQ theme in great detail. I was getting hungry just listening to him and wishing my wife would get there already so we can eat. Thought that was a great "go the extra mile" service from him. 

The service from our waiter started off great and he also took time to explain everything in detail. He also made recommendations to our preferences. Later when we were eating he asked if I liked spicy sauces and then said he would be back in a moment - he returned with a chili and olive oil side that was wonderful.

The only negative issue with the service is they all fell in the "weeds" busy. 

The food runners delivering the meats to the table became rather scarce as well at the end of the meal. Granted this place was packed and people waiting at the bar to be seated. We overheard one of the runners say to a guest "Sorry we're busy and just really understaffed." 

Toward the end of the meal our server was rarely seen - a contrast to the beginning of the meal. The table next to us (an 8 top) was getting rather pissed off when the server came 25 minutes after a man ordered his beer and asked him again if he wanted another beer. I ordered another glass of wine and it took over 20 minutes for the waiter to bring it. 

There also was a long gap between the end of the meal and the check process. I found this rather surprising because of all the guests waiting to be seated at the bar. 

With all that said, the food was wonderful. 

The waiter explained that there are 3 different salad stations - a cold salad station, a traditional salad station and a specialty salad station. The latter was awesome as it had crab legs, mussels, and scallops, as well as, a shrimp salad, chicken salad etc. I blew my carnivorous horn loudly as I attacked this cornucopia of proteins from the sea. There also was a hot appetizer section that was equally great. It had a coconut tilapia that was exceptional. I usually don't like coconut dishes as they are to sweet but this was not sweet and its creamy sauce really represented the coconut flavor well.  There was egg plant parmegiana that looked like a sloppy mess but had good flavor. Next was a meatloaf dish that that was sliced into medallions. It was alright - a bit dry. Last they had a chafing dish of black beans. It was nothing special to look at but ZOWEEEIII what flavor. Not sure what they put in these black beans but it was a favorable favorite. 

Now comes the food runners delivering spickets of food to the table - 16 different kinds of grilled meats. There was turkey breast wrapped in bacon, prime rib, lamb, top sirloin, BBQ chicken, garlic chicken, chicken breast, beef ribs, pork ribs, pork loin, pineapple, tri tip, sausages, ham, chicken hearts etc. WOW!

My favorites were the MR lamb, tri tip and best was the top sirloin. The top sirloin had this seasoned thin layer of fat on the inside that was spiced wonderfully and made the meat incredible. 

Lastly, a very nice attractive woman rolls over a cart of homemade confections. I haven't seen an actual "Rolling Dessert Cart" since I was a waiter at the Sheraton in New York in the 80's. Nonetheless, it sold my wife who ordered the chocolate mousse cake which she said was decadent. 

I rolled out of here literally full for 2 days. Zen Tiki gives Fogo e Brasa the double thumbs up!
I went today for lunch. They have an all you can eat Lunch Special, for $9.97 you can graze their very nice salad and seafood bar plus a 4 dish hot section. 

I was pleasantly surprised, everything was really fresh and all the things I tried were Delicious. 

Some of the things I ate were, Tilapia with pineapple sauce, Potato Lasagna it was kind of like scalloped potatoes very thinly sliced with cheese in between, really tasty. Shrimp ceviche, roasted eggplant salad, fresh blanched broccoli salad, roasted zucchini salad, chicken salad, marinated mushrooms and some other things that are slipping my mind at the moment. 

Sorry No pics this time, it would have been an awkward moment to whip out the camera in this setting being I was all by myself.  Hopefully next time I wont have to go alone ;-)

I would surely go back for lunch again and maybe even dinner. Even though I'm not really a meat eater, there was plenty of vegetarian options to fill me up.
Ok, I came accross yelp because I was looking for reviews on Brazilian churascurrias. So I picked this one over the one in Scottsdale based on what i read here. 

Happy to say I wasn't dissappointed! We did the all-you-can-eat buffet plus meats for lunch for 18 bucks. Well, the buffet was nice. Full of fresh, tasty and interesting dishes. And then there's the meat.....delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked and it just keeps coming. 

Its a meat lovers paradise, where the servers are continually walking round with freshly bbq'd meats and they slice you endless slivers of the stuff right at your table. 

I was specfically looking for a place like this as I had been to a few in Rio and it was one of my favourite types of food in South America. If I were to compare to the genuine article, I'd say they're no too far off. The places in Brazil probably had more selection but then again i think there may be more selection of meats there at night. I think it may be a little more busy at night too which would help pick up the atmosphere. 

Anyway, I stuffed down as much as I possibly could and was happy with the friendly and fast service. thumps up!
I found out there is a restaurant with a similar theme in SF and I wanted to go check it out. Let's face it meat is my favorite food group. The sad part was the place in SF was a little costly and getting a group to go out was going to be tough.

Then enter my trip to AZ. I was told by Greydon we had time to kill while there so I looked into going to a Brazilian Steakhouse in the Phoenix area.

After a quick search on google I found this place and figured out it was 20 bucks cheaper than going to the restaurant in SF.

After convincing everyone we should go here for dinner one of our friends said we should check and see if they have a lunch special. So we called and found out it was only 20 bucks for lunch for meat and salad bar. 10 bucks cheaper than dinner and 30 bucks cheaper than SF.  I figured this was perfect and was ready to go eat.

Once seated you were given a cylinder that was red on one end green on the other and yellow in the middle. Leaving the green tip up meant you wanted more meat, red tip mean you did not want any mean and laying the cylinder down on its side let them know you were ready for desert.   

The salad bar was pretty well stocked. It had a variety of pasta and potato salads and sea food salads.  I took a little of what I liked I wasn't here to fill up on salads.

The lunch menu included six meats that were all served from a sword.

Garlic Chicken
Pork Tenderloin
Ham
Tri Tip
Sausages
Sirloin

I had a little of everything except the sausage ( I had a lot of them). They were all really juicy and delicious. It was great because the waiter would let you take as much or as little as you want  and came around frequently.
 
I had 4 sausages. They were plump and juicy and so good. At one point we turned the cylinder over signaling we did not want any more food and the waiter brought out a sword piled with sausages. Against my better judgment I asked for the cylinder turned it to green and then waited as the waiter brought over more sausage for me. I know I am so weak but it was so worth it. 

What I liked about this place was that it wasn't packed I guess lunch was a little slow that day, the inside was decorated with what I can only assume were carnival dancers. All of the waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. I joked that I had probably rehydrated from my entire weekend just by the amount of times they filled up my water cup. The food was really good but be warned after eating so much you might find yourself in a meat coma.

My tips would be skip the carbohydrates they are just going to fill you up you get some at the end of your meal. 

And the chicken was good but it was hot and a pain to get off the bone I'd probably skip it next time.

If I am in AZ again I would definitely come back here for more meat on a sword.
OK, so meat is not the only thing on Fogo E Brasa's menu but it is the star prefomer.

If you're going to go to Fogo E Brasa be sure to go hungry because once you're seated a non-stop parade of hot off the fire meats will be yours for the asking.

A Brazilian style of dinning, Fogo E Brasa is an all you can possibly eat restaurant that breaks the mold of the typical buffet. There is no menu, rather Fogo E Brasa is to be taken in stages or acts. 

Act one is salad and appitizers and if you are not in the mood for meat this is an excellent choice. Pasta, eggplant and crab salads, seafood specialties like green mussels, or szechaun octopus, (which surprisingly to me I actually liked.), a wonderful black bean stew and tender and flavorful meat balls along with many other tidbits. You could make a lovely meal out of these items alone and in fact you can choose this option for only $9.97.

Act two though was worth the wait and the $18.00 price for all of the previously stated items plus the never ending stream of fresh from the fire meats, carved right at you table from short swords with sharp knives. Lunch featured six different meats, Top Sirloin, Tri-Tip, Prime Rib, Ham, Garlic Chicken and Portuguese Linguica sausages. All of them hot, cooked to perfection and as I said, carved tableside.

Dinner which begins after 3pm features different salad options and a total of sixteen different meats to choose from. Dinner costs about $10.00 more than lunch but still an excellent value.

Act three was dessert, but we didn't have room for any of the delicious looking goodies on the dessert cart.

The service is top notch and very friendly and we enjoyed luch very much. I can't wait to try their dinner selection. I highly recommend Fogo E Brasa to meat lovers everywhere.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that Fogo E Brasa was the worst dining experience of my life. 

They advertised crab legs, but only had imitation crab meat in some unskilled attempt at a salad. 

But the meat was the worst, I could find better roast beef for $3.99 at Frys. 

The lamb and ribs literally tasted rancid. 

This was the only time I have actually felt shafted after eating someplace. 

For a split second I considered walking out without paying because it was that bad. 

I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
I've been here twice for dinner now, and both times have been great.  

Started with the "salad" bar - except it has much more than the usual offerings of iceberg lettuce.  How about plump shrimp cocktail, fillet medallions, tasty traditional salad, pasta salad and more.  The salad bar would be enough to keep me happy all night.  Yet, you have to fight that impulse to eat your body weight in shrimp, as the best is yet to come.

Once you are ready, the staff starts inundating your table with various selections of meats....on swords.  First, that's just cool to have swords as skewers.  The variety and flavor of the meats is incredible.  The beef was fantastic, the lamb made me want to cry, so tender and flavorful.  Even the pork, and I hardly ever eat pork was delectable.  I love that you can repeat your favorites, and pass on what you don't want.  

Amidst the parade of meats, there are other little offerings on the table, such as fried bananas...Can I just get an order of those please?  Tiny little rolls that taste great and are perfect for sopping up the juices.

Drinks - great selection of beers, mixed drinks and liquors.  I can't remember the names of everything we tried, first because we tried all Brazilian fare recommended by our waiter.  Secondly, the amount of  these items I tried has reduced my name retention capabilities.

Dessert.....yeah, like I could fit that in after the salad bar, the meats, 47 pieces of fried banana and the drinks.  You know I managed it.  Everything was great, but nothing stood out as a must try again.  Next time, for the safety of my body, I could skip dessert and not feel shorted.

The only reason this isn't a 5 star for me is that it's pretty expensive, and that makes it good for special occasions only.  Also, great for events where I'm not the one paying...I'm free next weekend.....
Great experience ! lots of selection in the salad bar and the meat offerings at the table were greatt. The service was superb and very attentive. Like the white table cloths and table top details, crystal and silverware. Left full and happy.
I've been here once and would go again, but only on a special occasion. The main reason I wouldn't make it a prime destination is because I'm a vegetarian and the restaurant isn't very friendly toward that dining choice. On top of that, it is rather expensive. If you eat meat you will most likely get more value out of your dollar. That being said, it's nice to see an addition to Phoenix' dining scene that keeps dining options diverse and both ethnically and internationally represented, in this case Brazilian. I did enjoy the salad bar they have and the ambiance is intimate and dark. The serving method is interesting, as they bring meat on swords and carve bits off onto your plate. I went with someone who ate meat and noticed the servers came around several times with different choices each time. They do, however, serve caipirinhas, which I am extraordinarily curious to try.

In sum, I'm sure it would be a nice choice if you're carnivorous or omnivorous, but if you are any sort of vegetarian or eat very little meat I wouldn't recommend Fogo y Brasa.
For everyone out there who loves Brazilian food, will not be ashamed by the experience of Fogo E Brasa. My fiance and I enjoyed valentine's evening at Fogo E Brasa, but, I have to say, this place requires a middle of the week event instead of a Friday, Saturday night outing. It appeared that even though we had a reservation, the hostess had over booked the restaurant and there were many people waiting to eat. Taking Valentine's Day out of the equation, I would say Fogo would be a nice evening for a middle of the week anniversary dinner, graduation dinner, family get together,  birthday dinner, girls night out, or if you just feel the need to consume mass quantities of meat. The good thing about Fogo was the opportunity to try different and new things. Fogo has a signature mojito that is worth the experience because it is crafted right there in their dining room bar. In addition, Fogo will extend to you the salad bar as a part of your meal. But, try if you can to avoid as much of the salad bar, because you may end up packing up your little stomach with salad instead of succulent meats, seafood and porks. In the end of our meal we were both satisfied in our experience and we have added Fogo to our list of Brazilian Restaurants.
Head to Fogo de Chao instead!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is gross and not worth the price! You will spend a lot at Fogo de Chao too, but the quality and taste is sooooooo much better. My hubby and I tried this place out on a weeknight and we should have known to turn away when we saw only 2 other tables filled in the entire place.  The quality of the meat was so cheap, dry,chewy and tasteless. The salad bar was small compared to Fogo de Chao, but prob the best part of the entire meal and when you go to a Brazilian restaurant it's suppose to be all about the MEAT and the MEAT sucks balls here. Also our waiter was so dayum annoying. We noticed they had a giant Brazilian flag and American flag hanging on the wall by the bar and the American flag was all half hanging onto the floor and we asked him if he could fix it since the flag was on the dayum ground and he remakred "the owner is right there you can ask him yourself." My hubby and I looked at each other like WTF? so my husband did just that, he walked over to the owner sitting at the bar right next to the flags and asked him to fix the flag and he said sure right away and started fixing it. dumb waiter. Anyways, Don't waste your time or your money here the food is 2 thumbs down.
I've eaten at only one Brazilian restaurant before, and my experience there led me to believe that the food at Fogo Ebrasa would also be absolutely delicious! There were some decent items on the salad bar, but there were no crab legs like their website indicated. Instead, there was crab salad made with imitation crab. That was the pleasant part of our dining experience. Then the meat starting coming. I'm not exaggerating when I say this, but the lamb and the ribs actually had a strong rancid flavor and were completely inedible.  The rest of the meat was poorly cooked and had no flavor. The service and staff were pleasant, but this place was absolutely not worth the $100 bucks we paid for 3 people.
My wife and I were intrigued by the concept, but disappointed in the execution. The food wasn't as good as the price would indicate.  the pineapple was delicious - actually, the best part of the meal. Although they advertise one charge for "all you can eat" desserts aren't included and they didn't tell us until after we finished them - they also weren't very good either.

Stay away.
Went to this place today with great expectations, NOPE! BIG DISSAPOINTMENT! First the rice &amp; fried bananas they brought out were cold, old and stale...then came the meats, definitley not fresh, the only thing that tasted good was the Roast beef, otherwise nothing was good...maybe cuz the place was empty the food was not fresh, but i barley ate, paid over $40 and left still hungry because the food was no good!

I hate to slam places but this place deserved this slamming!
I'm a carnivore. If my doctor told me to go vegetarian or risk death, I'd probably have to think about it a while. 

So Fogo E Brasa (now The Brazilian Bull) has been on my "to try" list for a while now. It's not far from home, and I'd heard good things. Finally a friend and I made plans to meet there for lunch last week.

First piece of advice: do NOT forget the cylinder. Each table has a little cylinder painted green, yellow, and red. Green end up means "keep it comin'". Red end up means, "whoa there, I'm drowning in meats". And when you're finally sated, you lay the cylinder on its side to say "uncle".

You may think, "I'm never gonna need the red. I'm a big-time carnivore who rips bears in half on weekends." That's crazy talk. They will keep bringing you meat on swords every couple of minutes as long as the green is showing. Don't be afraid to use the red - no one will think less of you. (Also it keeps the waiter from asking, "What's the matter, don't you like it?" when he shows up with another sword and your plate is full from the last three.)

The food is very good. I liked the fried bananas dipped in cinnamon and sugar. The chicken was a little dry, but the ham was very moist. And the tri-tip and prime rib were both great: moist, savory, and cooked to perfection. I'd also recommend the caiprinhas for those who like a drink with dinner.

The service is also very good - attentive without being obtrusive. My water glass never neared empty. 

The decor is pretty nondescript. It's a pretty generic-looking restaurant - nice, but unmemorable. I'd have enjoyed a little more Brazil in my Brazilian Bull. 

Check it out if you're in the neighborhood. And Respect the Cylinder.
super great atmosphere! the appetizer buffet was really fresh and different, but I did not know before hand it was a buffet style that is way too much food for me I can never enjoy a buffet.
The stop and go wooden block was funny, I didnt like the meat they were serving, but the chaiparina!!! yum!!!  That is the Brazilian drink! tasty, very tart and tangy
My impression of this place might have been influenced by very high expectations. I lived in Ahwatukee from 1999-2003. Back then, I heard numerous times about how great this place was, about strategies for holding out until the best meats arrived, and about the awesomeness of the salad bar. At the time I had recently returned to school to pursue my MA degree, so money was tight and I was never able to afford to try it. But I was intrigued. 

Fast forward to 2009. When I moved back to Ahwatukee from a long exile in Surprise, trying Fogo e Brasa (or Brazilian Bull as they now call themselves) was high on my list. My wife and I made reservations and showed up, expecting something amazing.

I don't know. The food was good enough: all-you-can-eat meats that they bring on skewers to your table. I think other reviewers have described the process so I'll skip that. Some of the meats were fantastic, others not so much. Nothing was terrible, but only one or two things were excellent. We were expecting at least one very high end meat, perhaps filet mignon, and it never came, so we were disappointed by that. The salad bar was everything people say it is, but for the price I would expect that. Drinks were expensive. Service was decent, but not outstanding. 

In the end we spent a little over $100 for the two of us. Walking out I just did not feel like it was worth the money. We would have been better off spending the same money at Durant's or someplace similar.
This place is brilliant! For a single price you get a huge salad bar to start, with traditional, pasta, seafood salads offered. They gice you a cylinder that is red & geen on the ends with a yellow stripe in the center. While your doing the salad bar and eating red is up, once your ready for the main course go to green and the fun begins. Server after server come and clear your plates add the side dishes, then it is endless meat server with delicious meats they carve right to you and won't stop until you put your cylinder on red. I enjoyed the tri-tip sirloin, the pineapple and the sausage and one of the sides fried banana, was so go. Can't wait to go back.
"Interesting concept; carve a slice at your table. The salad bar was a 5 star. Most all of the meats were tough and very hard to chew, the ribs were really bad, (2 star.) Service was friendly and prompt.(4 star.) Very very noisey (1 star.) Funny way of billing for drinks...charged extra for rocks, which didn't show until the bill, deseptive!!, (1 star)  Meal price was WAY TOO Expensive for what was received.They were more interested in profit than quality.  Overall there are better places to go for the money."
Went here for lunch today.  It's pretty average for the price.  Obviously, you're going to have all the food you want, so portions aren't a concern.  There are some good meat and side selections, and the salad bar has some good appetizers as well.  The meats are cooked pretty well, and the fried bananas are delicious.

The only issue I had is that some of the meats were a bit salty on the outside.  I'm OK with salt, but it was a bit excessive.

The service was excellent.  Some previous reviews complained about service, but we didn't have any issue with that whatsoever.
My first experience at a Brazillian Steak House.  Have had much feedback on this and other Brazillian Steak House restaurants and had relatively high expectations, but tried to keep an open mind and not be too tainted.

Salad bar was fair at best.  Item choices were limited and although I am easy to please and have a forgiving pallate, some items really did not taste good.  It was dimly lighted and I believe this was in some part an effort to "shelter" the low qualtiy food/serving station.

The meat on skewers that was brought around was also fair - not bad, but I would say a 7 on a 10 point scale overall.  What I looked forward to as the best meat, prime rib and ribs, were fatty and tough and without much flavor.  Most of the skewers were down to the last bits by the time they made it to our table.  The sausage selection was limited to one and was very greasy.  I like a bit of grease, but these were not great.  The ham was the best of all the meats.

Had a decent bottle of Chilean wine without breaking the bank - this was good.

The atmosphere was also fair.  A huge room with tables basically laid out like end-to-end picnic tables.  We sat against the wall and were about 2-3 feet from our neighbor - a bit close.

Overall I would say it was a reasonable experience, good date, nice bottle of wine, but I would not return to this restaurant.
I sched a bi-wkly lunch group, welcoming any folks from my workplace.  We tend to overwhelm joints if we don't give warning, as we're often a min of a dozen strong and generally choose mom&pop businesses.

The good:
1.  Large group functions, bring them here.  It seemed everyone eating here today was basically some kind of gathering...
2.  That said, 10 of our 12 opted for the salad bar.  I fear b/c the all you can eat lunch meat option was pricier ($10 vs $15)... but I did not come here to eat the salad bar... so I opted meat and glad I did.
3.  Some eh meats as others have alrdy reviewed, but the best were the top sirloin, tri-tip and the filet mignon.  Be evil like me, and wave the very nice limited English server on to another table b/c I'm not an outside or edge piece person... after a few passes, he knew to come back to me after he's done a few carves... I wanted the juicy meat in the center, the medium or worst case medium well portions!  The very very very nice carver was the highlight the the meal, if he wasn't there, I would not even consider coming back.  As it is....

The deplorable:
As I'm writing this, the page still states mention Yelp and get a free dessert.  Myself (and a few others, I arrived late), asked about the Yelp dessert, and the waitress said ok.  Afterwards she is in conversation w/ the older female hostess (owner? mgr?), and I am watching the woman speaking & gesturing wildly with her hands.  Crap, I'm concerned the waitress in trouble...  Waitress returns with apologies, stating free Yelp dessert is only valid if you order the tradtional special or it's per table.

So end of meal, I mistakenly thought per table, meant 12 people sitting at 6 tables meant 6 desserts.  Oh no no no.... 1 dessert and 12 forks.  Ok that's chinzy... of a ~40 people dist list, I snookered 12 people to eat here & promoted the free Yelp dessert... I should be blackballed by my own lunch group for bad advertising.  But 1 for a table of 12?  If more of us showed, please lick the dessert and pass it down.

So desserters beware... split all your checks so you can get your free advertised YELP dessert.  HA.
Update:  since one of the lunch members internally blogged the experience, it was noted the restaurant did discount 10% for the dessert fiasco.  I left before the bill came, but I did plop down a twenty (so they defintely got a strong 20%+ tip from me, I hope they do tip share to the nice carver gentelman!)
I had always wanted to go to a restaurant like this where they serve the meat to your right at your table and you have such a big variety of choices.  The service was very quick, almost as soon as we had turned our little signal to say that we were ready for food, someone was coming out with a fresh skewer of meat.  All of the servers were very friendly as well.

The food itself was good but not great.  Some varieties of meat were very very salty, others were great.  Luckily they come around with all the different meats multiple times so you can figure out which ones you like and want more of.

I would suggest saving some room for dessert though as there is a multi-tiered cart of different delicious choices.  I tried the Tiramisu and it was some of the best I've had.
RAW!!!  Serving Raw chicken is not exotic, it's poison.  First visit to this place for my sister's birthday and I am still hurting from the war that took place in my belly.  The environment is typical for a Brazilian steak house with skewer heaven for the meat aficionado.  The challenge came when the meats and chicken were served raw.  My plate was bloody and that's coming from a person who loves rare meats.  The lamb was hard and the cut was strange definitely not typical.  I have visited Texas de Brazil before and they know how to do it, these guys... no!

The price is a bit high but average for these type of restaurants the problem is that the quality is not there.  We were not sure what the prices were on desert because they have a all you can eat salad bar, breads, and meat, but apparently after our nice bill for about $280 the deserts (not very good and mediocre at best) were not included.  This place definitely ruined my night and if you are interested in brazilian restaurants, visit Fogo de Cao
Compared to other churrascaria restaurants I've been to, Brazilian Bull is just ok.  Not superb, but not really bad.  We went on a Wednesday, where it was all day happy hour and caipirinhas were $3.50.  Cheap, but you get what you pay for.  They use 51 cachaca here, which is more easily found in the U.S., but not really the smoothest cachaca out there.  As a result, the alcohol drowned out the overall flavor of the drink.

As for the food, just so-so.  They had a wide selection of seafood at the buffet, such as mussels, bay scallops, snow crab legs, calamari salad, but all were slightly sub-par (either too tough, too bland, etc).  They had a pot of feijoada (i.e., black bean soup), but there was something lacking in the stew (maybe it needed more smokey flavor?).  When we were ready for our parade of meats, they ended up bringing out probably 10-11 of the 14 advertised meats/skewers at our table.  We waited somewhat patiently for them to bring out the other meats we hadn't tried before (such as lamb, ribs), but it seems like they weren't going to be serving those more expensive meats today.  The meats themselves ranged from slightly dry (chicken), to juicy and tender (beef skewers and the ham).  All the meats were simply seasoned with salt which tended to get overwhelming after eating so much salty meat.  Strangely enough, my favorite skewer was actually not meat related at all.  The roasted pineapple was heavenly- it had a deep, sweet, tropical flavor and was very juicy from being basted in a sugar syrup.
I went to the Brazilian Bull Steakhouse a couple of years ago for a friend's birthday party and we had a great time. Food was good, the atmosphere was great and we all had a fun time eating, laughing and spending time together.

So, when a couple of friends suggested going to the Brazilian Bull for dinner, we all said sure and off we went.

Big mistake.

When we first sat down, our server rolled over a big cart with different bottles of wine. OK. We look and decide on a bottle of wine - $50. OK. Typical for a good bottle of wine when you're at a restaurant.

Next, each person was $35 each to eat. That included my friend's daughter who was only 10. Yup, they charged us $35 for a 10 year old.

There was an open salad bar / seafood / hot food buffet area. Total disappointment. Pasta salad was dry. The crab salad was just shredded crab. The ceviche was terrible. The different salad dressing that they had out looked as if it's been sitting out for hours. It was warm and gooey.

Next came the varieties of different meat. The restaurant wasn't very full (it was a Thursday night and only 3 other tables). I expected more variety... but only had sausages, roasted chicken, ham and sirloin (I think. it was beef I was told). The ham was too salty... the sirloin was dry and the roasted chicken... it was OK... 

So, we're sitting here eating and we're all wondering what we're getting for $35 each plus $50 for a bottle of wine. I really expected better...

Now, for the 'if you don't ask, we won't tell' upsell. My friend's 10 year old sees the dessert cart and of course is drawn to every sugary item on the cart. The server cuts a HUGE piece of chocolate cake... even though we said, just give her a little so she doesn't overdose on chocolate. When we get the check we see why. They charged us $10 for the chocolate cake. 

So, for the 10 year old, we pay $35 for the dinner, $10 for dessert. All the adults had to be $35 for dinner, spilt a $50 bottle of wine.

I feel cheated. We like to eat at nice restauarants and don't mind paying for quality. In this case, I feel as if we were ripped off.

Stay away from this place and save your money.
This place is lucky I was feeling generous and gave it two stars. I have been to a lot these churrascarias in Brazil(one in US) and this one is the worst I have ever been to!  Now I wasn't expecting Brazil quality here but we went to a place in Albuquerque that was pretty darn good!  let me review the salad bar than I will get to the meats in the following paragraph.

 I don't eat a lot of meat. In fact I got salad bar only. In a normal Churrascaria there is such variety of salad bar that it is a vegetarians paradise. Not here! Molst of the salads were very weird! There was no assemble your own delicious veg salad it was all pre-made salads potato salad, shrimp salad, tabbouleh salad but all really gross versions of it. The hot salad bar had no traditional Brazilian food! Not even rice and beans! You can order this separate but its $ what the heck that's an outrage! Also there was hardly any pao de quejo we got two small pieces with the bread basket and i mean SMALL. After eating the food my stomach felt ill!

Now about the meats. My husband said tthat it was not very good. They added a lot of salt and some weird meat tenderizer. There were not many varieties of cuts (it was lunch). No chicken hearts! Also it is standard to tell the waiters serving the meat what cut you want and here they wouldnt let him do that!

If you are ever in Albuquerque go to Tucanos! Very cheap price and pretty authentic! Hit on all the right notes of teh Churrascaria Or save your $ and go to Fogo in Scottsdale.
Mediocre in terms of churrascarias - if you are new to the experience, you might not want to come here given that it may sour your impression entirely.  I'm Brazilian, so for me, a good churrascaria has to have (in addition to the series of meats coming around) white rice, black beans and pimenta (similar to pico de gallo).  Brazilian Bull had all of this to go with the meat, hence the three stars.  Based on the buffet alone (not so great) and the crazy price gouging I find at churrascarias across the country with what I like to call the "Dessert and After Dinner Drink Pimps" who try to twist your arm into spending more money after your meat feast, this place could almost get two stars.  However, the servers were nice and attentive, my caipirinha was strong like I like it, and the beef that came around was tasty (picanha or sirloin, tri tip and rib eye).  

Our churrasceiro (the dude with the skewers) asked how we liked our meat and continued to bring my husband medium and me rare for the rest of the night - a nice touch.  Chicken was overcooked and the shish kebab was covered in cumin - I can't speak for the entire country, but most of us Brazilians like our meat simply seasoned with salt, pepper, olive oil and bay leaves - one of the reasons why a lot of people with simple palettes fall in love with churrasco.  At Brazilian Bull, a few of the meat dishes tasted like experiments in seasoning, and to even have BBQ chicken drumettes on the menu was just silly.  Lamb was tender, though the pork ribs were chewy, turkey in bacon was overcooked and the ham was a bit salty.  

Don't come here on an empty stomach and do pace yourself, because you kind of have to eat a lot to get your money's worth.  And this goes for any churrasceria and not just this place - never get the salad bar and skip the meat.  It's never a bargain and you'd do much better elsewhere in terms of value to go and not get the meat.  Vegetarians beware as well - my sister is Brazilian as well (duh) and a vegetarian and we never take her to churrascerias.  This is for red meat eaters first and foremost.  Again, there isn't enough value in coming here if you don't eat red meat.
If you are a carnivore, this is the place for you! For about 30.00, you can have unlimited salad bar, cheesy rolls, rice, beans, fried bananas, crab legs, pineapple and best of all MEAT. In case you have never been to a a Brazilian Steakhouse, here is what you can expect: You start with their wonderful salad bar that has a wide array of salads and side dishes, then you turn over this tri colored stick which sends the message to start bringing the meat along with all the fixins. They will bring you the best hot cheesy rolls ever, rice and beans, and some terrific fried bananas. Then comes the meat on skewers. They come to your table with multiple types of meat and you tell them if you want it. If so, they will cut off a piece for you. Before you know it, you have an entire plate filled with various meats and the best sweetest grilled pineapple. To wrap it up, this place is awesome! The price is reasonable and the service is always spot on. Try this place if you like lots of meat. You will not be sorry!
I recently visited this place with two of my friends who were even more disappointed with the food and the service than myself. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!! You are better off paying your neighbor $31 to eat the dog poop in the front yard then to go to this restaurant. They forgot to fill up our drinks, the meat was not cooked nor seasoned. We let the manager know and he just said sorry we feel that way. He did nothing to resolve our disappointment. Again pass on this restaurant. You are better off at a place where you know the food is amazing.
I went to the Brazilian steakhouse for Valentine,  my boyfriend surprised me for our first anniversary, I loved the service, the ambiance, but most importantly I loved the food.  I loved the diversity of the menu specially the 14 types of meat, they were all my favorite but I need to mention that the top sirloin and lamb were scrumptious and they melted in my mouth like butter.  My boyfriend who is a carnivore couldn't stop eating he loved the lamb as well and the roast beef.  I will definitely go back again and again.  I will be there for my 30th birthday on the 19th of February.
First of all I'd like to mention I lived in brazil for a couple of years so I guess you could say I'm high maintenance when it comes to churrascarias.  I've been here a couple of times and have been trying to have a great experience but every time its just been OK and sometimes pretty bad.  My wife is not a fan at all.  They just really lack on the sides that come to your table and I thought everything at the salad bar was not very good.  One thing I did like to see is that they added a little section with some good brazilian flavored beans...that was nice.  However they gave our table of four a little 1 cup of rice to go with it so I didn't get to enjoy my beans and rice like I would have preferred; lots of rice.  The Guarana was not my very good they used a cheap brand.  The meat was good, I would have given that 3-4 stars...they just struggled with bringing us our requests for specifics.  
I guess this review sounds pretty 1 starish, I just don't know.  I want them to be better and stay in business, the service was not that bad,  so I hope this helps for improvement.  I will go back and try it again and hope to have a better experience.   For now it just hasn't been what I would like to see, just not as good as other churrascarias I've been to here in the USA.
A meat lovers paradise. Don't fill up on the bread and salad. It is a little pricey so save it for a special occasion. The employees will give you extra helpings of whatever meats you desire.

Desserts are not included, but they wont tell you that until after you have 
picked out some.

Their traditional Brazilian drinks are awesome.

PS - Don't fill up on the first round of meats. They save the good stuff for last.
First off, it was so dark my eyes hurt and i have 20/20 vision.  Salad bar was gross with nothing tasty. Service was the slowest i've ever seen in my life. They didn't bring out what you wanted even if you asked for it specifically 5+ times--and from several different people. They were SUPER stingy with everything. You got about two bites of meat every 15 minutes. Side dishes were bland and sparse. Never ever coming here again. I recommend no one comes here. It's absolutely not worth 1/4 of the price. Ack!
We just gave up.  We were at the restaurant for almost two hours and nobody walked away full.  The waiters shaved off child-sized portions of meat and scurried away.  We requested the meat that we wanted and they nodded and walked off and we never saw them again.  Of the 15 types of meat on the menu we saw about seven or eight.  We asked for mint jelly (someone in our group loved lamb and mint jelly) at least six times over 20 minutes before they brought it.

Some of the meat was "okay", the salad bar was underwhelming and the sides were only good for taking up room at the table.  We were so disgusted with this place that we didn't even try dessert.  The service was so unbelievably horrible that we didn't leave a tip.  We had to get the hostess to take our credit card.  Maybe if they turned on a few extra lights, the waitstaff could've seen us sitting there.

Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else or spend the extra money and have a meal you'll never forget at a real Brazilian steak house (instead of a meal you wish you could forget at this imposter).
Can I give no stars? That would be more appropriate. Read the reviews, I generally take them with a grain of salt and then get my own opinion. But wow. We had 11 people in the group. The guy came and started pouring water from bottles. Some of us asked for tap water just because. They poured it in glasses where people were not even sitting yet. 

The salad bar was ok. The crab legs weren't bad, and the crab meat etc. There was a lot of seafood at the salad bar which was kind of nice. Then we got to the meat portion. Each person received a tiny slice of meat, with a long wait between. We had to ASK to try all of the meats. After we got ham more than once we decided we better ask for the ones we wanted. Some of the meat was plain gross, some of it was fantastic, (only a few) and most were, "eh". Not worth the price at ALL. We had to ask multiple times for some of the meats. Discouraging. 

They charged us for the water bottles, which they didn't ask if we wanted. They also tried to charge us for 12 not 11. Then the waiter told us he would not split the tab as in, take more than 1 card. Umm, I know he doesn't want to split it because this is how they make sure they get 18%, but we have 5 or 6 couples, and they are not going to put 400 dollars one card. 

Took forever, had to get the host or someone else to help to even get the checks. Not worth a tip, not worth the attitude, oh and thank goodness the dessert was free, because it was awful.
My first Brazilian BBQ experience! 

We were seated promptly and our waiter came by and gave us the rundown. He spoke extremely quickly with a thick accent so honestly... I don't know what he said. Just go with the flow. :)

We went to the salad bar to grab some sides. They had lasagna, salads, crab legs, etc. I wasn't really into any of it because I wanted to save room for MEAT!!! I'm a carnivore. :D I did love the bread. It's like a mochi texture on the inside. delicious!

Then, we flipped the peg to green and it was GO TIME. The meats just started racing out. Little bites of this and that. mMMMmmM it was good. Some of the random things I didn't care for I just didn't eat like the sausage or the drier garlic wings, but I got seconds and thirds of the things I loved like the top sirloin and the bbq smothered drumsticks. I don't know if I ever tried 15 different meats like they said but I was so stuffed it didn't matter!!! Finally, we surrendered and knocked the peg down. This experience definitely turned me on to brazilian bbq. :D nom nom nom!
I can honestly say, eating here was the worst dining experience I have ever had. I've been to worse places. I've dealt with worse service. But bundle together the entire experience of the evening and top it with the hefty price tag for a bow and you've got something you would wish on nobody.

I had high hopes for this place, really I did. I recall going for lunch a couple of times when they were Fogo E Brasa, and they were very good. Something changed. We saw our server (who turned out to be the manager...) only once, meaning no drink refills. The person bringing the meats around could best be describe as a "meat pusher"; he would butt his way into our conversations, mumble what he had, then start sawing, without asking if we wanted any. The meat was inconsistently bad... I saw everything from overcooked to the point of burning, to something that looked like it was in the pan for no more than 15 seconds. Add to that an apparent total lack of seasoning and you get a rather unappetizing meal.

For this lovely experience, we were charged $31 each, not including any drinks or desserts. This is the first time I honestly considered walking out on a check. I will never be returning here, and am making sure to spread the word of just how bad that dinner was. I actually went to Applebees afterward to get some better food in me. Yes, Applebees was better.
Brazilian BBQ is not a place you eat,  Its a place you go to test your  manhood.  The salad bar is perfectly serviceable with a variety of different seafoods and small fixings but only serves as a way to line your stomach for the real meal.  Once the peg is flipped to green your endurance challenge begins.

The meat is delivered in no discernible order other than whats hot out of the kitchen,  You're free to turn away anything you don't want (ham) to focus on your favorite cuts, but like I said, This is an endurance test and turning away food is a sign of weakness.  It's not cheap so earn your meal by cramming as much delicious prime rib down your gullet as possible.  Carve off chunks of sirloin, lamb and sausage until you start sweating and then slam down your drink and demand more,  Punish your heart for allowing you to live as long and healthily as it has for so many years.  These animals have given their life for you, make it a sacrifice worthy of the gods themselves.

But please,  save room for the chocolate mousse cake.
I went here once when we first moved to Phoenix. Someone had recommended it to my husband and I and we were so excited to try it. We saved it for a special occassion (our anniversary, I believe) and so when we arrived dressed to the nines, our appetites sharp, our expectations high, I could not have been more let down. I guess I never wrote a review because I was just so disappointed that I blocked out the whole experience but I recently came across it in a search and so I just had to put my two cents out there into the Yelposphere. 

First off, the place is not much to look at. For the price point you would expect some ambiance but it was just a generic strip mall restaurant. I don't remember the dim lighting some other reviewers mentioned... for me I felt like it gave off a family restaurant vibe, not at all someplace you would want to go on a romantic date. I remember not finding much in the way of veggies at the salad bar that looked appetizing so I tried some of the seafood which was about the same level of quality and flavor that you would find at a $5.99 Chinese lunch buffet. The meats, as other reviewers have mentioned were not prepared very well and the servings were extremely small. We were not offered seconds of anything, just given bite-size pieces of about half a dozen mediocre offerings. Not at all your typical Churrascaria experience. 

The reason that our expectations were so high that night was because we had just moved from Houston, TX where we were regular patrons at a restaurant called Fogo de Chao. But this story does have a happy ending, my Yelp friends. Because before our next anniversary rolled around guess what? They opened up a Fogo de Chao in restaurant right here in Phoenix... well, Scottsdale actually (of course). For anyone who wants the real deal you must go there, nowhere else compares. The salad bar is amazing, the meats are succulent and delicious, the service impeccable and the dining room is classy but relaxed. It is such a huge improvement over this dump, I can't even explain it in words, you simply have to try it for yourselves.
This restaurant is a great choice for those of you who are meat lovers! You can have unlimited meat brought directly to your table. The waiters brings the meat in the skewer with a lots of different choices from sirloin until bacon wrapped sausages. They give you a stick that has colors of red, white and green in order. When you put the green on top that means the waiter are going to keep bringing the meat to your table. The red means stop and when you put it horizontal means you are ready for dessert and bills. They also offer a lot of variety of salad bar and dessert. Overall I really love this place and will be coming back for the meats!
Always wanted to try Brazilian BBQ.  The price was good, cheaper than Fogo de Chao.  The meat here was very tasty.  No complaints.
This was a TERRIBLE experience and I will NEVER go back! The salad bar was OK (and I say this as the NICEST thing about the place). The server was nice but food took FOREVER to start coming. The 3 servers that finally did make it to our table brought unedible beef cabobs (not only were they burnt the flavor was terrible), ham that was not any better, but my final straw was when a HUGE slab of fat was served to my daughter's friend. At that point I asked for a manager because it was unacceptable. The OWNER was no where to be found. The waiter said he agreed with me that the food was not acceptable but said he could not fnd the owner. 

We waited for the owner for over 5 minutes and the waiter said he was still trying to locate him. Another 3 or 4 minutes and the owner comes. I expressed how unsatisfied we were with the service and the food and he said this is how the food here is. I said I was more than happy to pay for WHAT WE ATE but the food was unedible and even showed him the fat that was served. He then proceeded to say (and I quote) "you people always come in here and try and get free food". I am not sure if it was because we had a 10% coupon off or becuase my family is of ethnic background but the comment was 100% unacceptable. I said we didnt eat hardly anythin as he could see the lack of food on our plate. He then proceeded to lie and say he SAW us all eating. I asked him how -as he was  not even in the resturant and he said he would call the police? SERIOUSLY? ! I told him that I was going to be posting/blogging about my experience and he said "go ahead...I dont care who you tell" so here I am!

He charged us 170.00 for the WORST food in the world. NEVER EAT HERE
I eat there 3-4 times a year. Mostly special occasions. As a fan of beef, I have never been let down here. The staff is always attentive. I just wish the tables were a little more private. If you are a hungry carnivore like me, I highly recommend.
3.78 Stars!!

Visiting the Chandler area, planning our lunch, my wife asks, "What do you want to eat?"  I replied, "meat on a stick!"  She then surprised me with this place.

It was a little early in the day, around 11:30 or so.  When we arrived we were the only table being served.  With that, I'll say the service was amazing, however with other tables to compete with, that opinion may change.

Our server came to the table and outlined our "feeding options."  He was polite spoke clearly, and was open to answering any questions.

We chose the salad bar and the meat (the grand poobah option), and enjoyed everything we tried.  The deviled eggs were a bit bland, and the meatloaf wasn't as hot as I'd prefer, but hey, it's all good.

Typical Brazilian style, wooden block, green = good times.  Decent selection of meats, and all tasted very good.  You can have your meat served with any temperature preference.  Meat was well seasoned, and promptly delivered.

I do feel sorry for the woman in the back preparing the dessert tray.  It appeared a "person of management" was ripping her a new one.  Her tray did look very nice.

Will return when I can, with other meat enjoying humans.
What a waste of money...so disappointed that I took my wife here for her B day. Never again.
The quality of meat is poor.  They cook all their meats well done.  If you like your beef chewy...you will not be disappointed! The chimichurri is not fresh- it is made from dry ingredients.  The food quality is just poor. I recommend fogo de chao in Scottsdale. Avoid this place!
So I lived in Brazil for a couple years, and up until coming here, had never been to a sub-par Brazilian restaurant.  The only other place I had been in this area was Fogo de Chao - which was pricey, but incredible.  

I imagine going to this place for lunch, would be okay.  It looked like you could get out of there for around $15 for lunch.  But for two dinners, two cans of guarana (Brazilian soda) and tip, it was well over $100.  Let me say that the quality of food & service would have been more reasonable in the $40 range.

The cheese bread (pao de quejo) was amazing - but it's impossible to screw that up.  The salad bar was worse than Sizzler.  I couldn't believe that rice & beans weren't available in the salad bar area, and all of the "prepared" salads looked like they were scooped out of a pre-packaged bin.

The grilled pineapple was good, and the picanha (sirloin) was decent - but overall the meat selection was poor, and many of the pieces were dry and overcooked.  I guess when you spend $100 for a night out with the wife, you expect great service & to leave satisfied.  It just didn't happen here.
A big MEH!

Dead animal was good.

Sides were mediocre at best.

Given the cost and the fact I'm not going to eat a whole cow at a single sitting, I don't see this as much of a value for the $ spent.
My husband had been here years ago when it was Fogo E Brasa (not sure how to spell that) and gave rave reviews, but our visit last week was beyond disappointing.  As soon as we gave them the go to bring out the food they came in droves overwhelming our table of four people with four of five servers.  We could barely turn the sign to "pause" and even when we did they kept coming and acted annoyed that we wanted some peace and quiet to eat our food.  Awkward and uncofortable to say the least.  The servers were ill experienced at slicing the meat- peices fell to the floor and our table top.  To make matters worse 50% of the items they brought out were dry and inedible- as if they had been sitting on a warmer since lunch.  (We went at 6:30pm on a Wednesday.)  

Brazillian steakhouses are pricey- and understandably so- but don't waste your time or money here.
As I'm writing this review, I am sitting in the restaurant, and to say that the quality of food and service is poor is an understatement. From previous visits, the range of meat selections has been significantly downgraded. The meat carvers are not doing a good job and appear increasingly I'll-trained. They no longer have premium meats and are over salting nearly everything. Given the quality currently, the pricing is simply outrageous--topping out at over $40 per person not including dessert, it's truly a rip-off. Choose Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale. Make the drive and pay more money, and you won't be disappointed as we were tonight.
"Meh" is a good word to describe this restaurant. It is overpriced, the salad bar tastes like cardboard and the waiter was rude. He looked annoyed when my husband and I asked him if they had a wine list and he had to go in the kitchen to find out what it cost per glass. He looked even more annoyed when he realized we wanted to get a bottle and he wasted ALL THIS TIME figuring out how much it cost per glass! 

Their site claims they have seafood at the salad bar... If shrimp the size of a penny and saviche are enough to claim they have "seafood bar" then yes, they have a seafood bar. However, once again, even their "seafood" tastes like cardboard and you have to either salt it, or pepper it, or do something with it so that it won't be completely tasteless. 

The atmosphere reminded me of a high school cafeteria with dimmed lights and I don't really care for that when I spend over $30 a plate.

The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the meat - it wasn't bad, some cuts were even pretty good. Other than that, underwhelmed and unimpressed.

Oh, and did I mention it was really expensive? Go to Roy's, for the same money you'll get much better food and service.
Come on now, advertised as all you can eat, then they hit you up for $6 for dessert. What a rip.  The meat was overcooked, and the salad bar wasn't as good as they advertised. Total disappointment.  Service was excellent.
This place is awful! 

My friends and I were there when we were in town for a car show last night. It took 40 min to get a soda, but I was offered wine twice. And it was the wrong soda. We had to figure out how it all worked. 

The Buffett part was constantly out of something. Our glasses were almost always empty. We had the green up all the time and still never tried the lamb, and who knows what else we missed. 

Our server had his tie down and shirt untucked acting like he was pisses to even be there. Then when we finally left after almost 2 hours we had a bill for $200 for four people that they would not split (that's with no alcohol). My friend said it best when we walked out the door and he said " I feel like I just got mugged." I am mad I have to give it one star.
The name was changed quite some time ago to Brazilian Bull Steakhouse. Nothing seems to have changed other than the name and that is a fine thing indeed.
Mediocre.

We went to Brazilian Bull last year looking for a more cost-effective alternative to Fogo De Chao (which is out of this world, by the way) and frankly, we were pretty disappointed. The meat just wasn't cooked properly.

The service was good, I suppose. I would hope they have improved since we went so long ago but recent reviews aren't terribly convincing.
Took a party of 6 here for dinner last night. 
1.  Expensive.  $33/person, drinks ($7.50 ea) and dessert are extra.  Forced 18% gratuity for 6 or more.
2.  Food was mediocre.  Meat was very salty.  Difficult to tell if you were eating ham or turkey because it was all the same flavor...salty.  
3.  Service was very good.
4.  We were overcharged $128, had to return to have it corrected.  We were charged for 9 people, not 6.  Pay very close attention to your bill.  Read reviews below...they seem to do this frequently!!
First and last visit for us.
Finally a date night  after 6 months, and wanted something special. My husband and I chose Brazilian Bull Steakhouse after seeing a billboard on the freeway, and after having our anniversary at Fogo de Chao, we were excited to have a Brazilian steakhouse on our side of town! Well, I wish we had spent the extra $ and went to Fogo de Chao,  because we were miserable here. We made early reservations so we could have plenty of time before our movie, and when we got to the restaurant at 4:30 there was only one other table occupied and they left shortly after we got our drinks. Now I will say this, THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT, but that's all that was good. The salad/hot bar was pretty, but the cold salads were bland, the shrimp were thumbnail size, and the meatballs needed seasoning. I had one bite of potato salad and one bite of hummus, both tasted like  what you get at the deli of your grocery store. The cheese bread which the server raved about were quarter-size and had no real taste other than slightly freezer-burned. At this point, I wish we would've just left, but we were holding out that hopefully the meat would make up for ll this, because really, who goes to these places for the salad bar?? Well, it didn't get better. We tried all the meats offered except for the chicken hearts, and the only one I ate all of was the pineapple, and that was mainly to get the other taste out of my mouth. The rest was overcooked, dry, and either extremely salty or no taste whatsoever. Even when I asked for medium rare, everything was medium well or well done. I wish I had had the balls to leave, I expected so much, and now I'm out $100 that I could've spent at a much better restaurant. Extremely, extremely disappointed.
Really nothing special as far as a Brazilian Steakhouse goes.  The meat was fine, the salad bar was very mediocre, and the atmosphere was a little stuffy.  Combine all that for $33/person, you can find better value all over the city.  

Save your money and go somewhere else.
Really disappointed. I have been to Fogo de Chao and other Brazilian steak houses and this was no better quality than an all you can eat chinese buffet. IT was $33 and not worth it. The Salad bar at Brazilian Steakhouses is usually amazing. This had canned beats and chips that you find at a Chinese fast food chain. The shrimp looked sickly. The meat was over salted and dry and the skewers they brought out tiny most of the time. I am a big eater and could barely eat this stuff becuase my stomach started hurting. The only meat that was good was the sirloin and they barely brought it out. The deserts were mediocre. I would never go there again.
This is now the fifth time I have had a meal here.  Two previous dinners and two previous lunches.  I went last night with my daughter who had never been to a Brazilian Churrascaria before, so I wanted to give her the experience of dining at such a place.

I think my rating reflects the fact that I found a slight deteriorating in the food quality this time.  While I must say that all previous times that I have dined here have all not been outstanding regarding food quality, I think this time there was a slight deterioration.  The appetizer/salad/side order bar still had a lot of things on it, but the food items were of lesser quality -- for instance, the shrimps were smaller (like baby shrimps) and previously frozen; not fresh.  The stuffed deviled eggs tasted a little old.  The marinated mushrooms were small and also tasted a little old.  The salads were OK.

They still had a good variety and selection of meats, but my guess is that since the economy still sucks, their business is down and the volume of customers does not justify them using the better grades of meat.  Further, this same negative economical effect also causes them to grill smaller portions of meat to reduce waste -- this then causes the meats to be less juicy and it is impossible to get a nice cut of rare or even medium-rare meat.  Everything last night was medium to well done, which is simply not to my liking.  However, since my daughter likes her meats medium well, she enjoyed everything.  Oh yeah, I also found the lamb to be overdone and the sausages to be tasteless.

Now, having read my review here, you probably would think that my opinion about this restaurant really is down, but I will say that that is not true.  I simply was a little disappointed but would still say that this place is still worth fraternizing.  Their price is higher than other restaurants, but considerably lower than other churrascaria's.  And oh yeah, they are running a promotion for Mondays -- buy two dinners and get a whole bottle of wine for free.  So I got a a whole bottle of cab for free and I must tell you that it was decent cab -- not great but not two buck chuck either.  It was one of their cabs off of their standard wine list so that was a pretty good deal to get a whole free bottle of wine with two dinners.
We use to go to this location before the name change and it was excellent, but now I have to agree with the review below, the meat is over cooked and while the salad bar has great selection, it just doesn't taste good.
My mother and niece from Chicago came down here and wanted to take my wife and I to this restaurant because she wanted us to experience the ambiance and service based on their restaurant in Chicago.  Unfortunately, that left a LOT to be desired here.  The first thing I tasted was the crab legs on the bar and was shocked to taste how rubbery and overcooked they were. While the meat kept coming and coming, so did my digested contents due to the horrendous aftertaste in our mouths.  I did see a dessert item I liked but refused to get it after eating this meal.  When my mother got the $131 bill for the four of us to eat, I got madder than a hornet.  She was even more upset because of the high price for subpar food.,
If you care to read a review from a native Brazilian, then keep reading...

This place is awful. I forgot I had been there 6 years ago but with the change in name I arrived and thought I'd give it a chance.

Waste of money. I don't have high standards but this was THE WORST Brazilian restaurant I've ever been to. The salad bar has potato salad you can buy at Walmart (believe me, I buy it there too...), pao de queijo (cheese bread) that is made from the Yoki brand (trust me, I buy it too...) I don't want to go to a restaurant that resells food from other places..

The fried banana was cold. The rice, undercooked. The farofa (fried yuca flour) was mixed with Mexican spices. They served Mexican style beans too.

But the worst were the meats. They tasted gross. Burnt. Filled with grease. The sausage was undercooked. The chicken had a weird color to it. 

So I spent all but 20 mins there and $21 with tax. 

Whats really going on here is that the place 'mexicanized' the Brazilian steakhouse concept. I love Mexican foods and my Mexican friends (I spend a lot of time in Mexico). But truth is: when you see all the servers speak in Spanish and the food cooked Mexican style, keep in mind that you're NOT in a Brazilian steakhouse. 

So skip this place altogether. Even as a regular restaurant, this place is awful. Too bad I can't give it ZERO stars in Yelp....
This place was much better a few years ago before they changed the name, but having been to Brazilian restaurants all around the country this is one of the worst I have been to.  I organized an office dinner a few years ago and the food was great, so I had the chance to take a client out for lunch in the area so I recommended this place.  The salad bar was just ehh, as were the meats, they were all over cooked and dry and the best thing was the ham. (ham should not be the best tasting meat at a Brazilian restaurant)  The service was great... since there was only two other tables but he was always over checking how things were, almost at the annoying point.  Needless to say it was overpriced (19.99) for the salad/meat lunch.  Unless things change big time I will not bother coming back.
I should have read the reviews first.....big mistake on my part.
  
Went to this steakhouse last night with my wife and her parents.  The place was empty except for  one 8 top that didn't look real happy as they were paying they're bill and heading out the door. (bad sign #1 and #2) The service was good and the salad bar was ok.  However; when the meat products started arrive is when it got real bad.  All beef items on their menu tasted like liver and chewed like a tough tire.  Just terrible.  My wife stopped eating, followed by her father then her mom. All with the same look on their face.  The rest of the meat items just tasted like salt....lots of salt.  

With a fixed ticket price of $33 per person we were looking forward to a wonderful dinning experience.  We would have eaten better across the street at the Waffle House.  

Not wanting to complain with my wife's parents along for the meal I thought I would call today and express our experience to the manager.  So I call and ask for the manager.  After a bit of a wait I got a gentlemen who spoke very poor English and from his first word, about the rudest person I've ever dealt with.  He basically said I was crazy, his products were fine, and he never receives complaints as such (yeah right)  After going nowhere with this guy for 5 minutes or so I find out he is the owner.  Wow is all I could think.  

This place should not be in business.......someone is going to get sick from their food.  

All of these reviews below mine don't lie.....DON'T EAT HERE.

Also I hope your smarter than I and read these reviews before you go and spend a fortune on disgusting food.
When I first arrived at this place I was not impressed with their location.  It was not a fancy restaurant and lacked a bit of ambiance.  It wasn't until I received my bill that I was completely disappointed with the entire place.

The food was okay...The waiters come around and cut several pieces of different meats that you combine with rice and beans along with fried bananas.  They did not explain how the colored wood sticks work.  It was not until I went on their website that I knew what it was used for.  The green means keep the meats coming, red means stop and if you place your stick sideways it means you are ready for dessert.  There is no menu so you never know what you are paying for anything until you get the bill which I thought was a bit shady. 

I paid $92 for two adults and one child (we did not order drinks by the way, just water)   which I thought was outrageous especially since they included an 18% tip without even asking.  This place is mediocre for the price.  I could have gone to Ruth's Chris for this price and had an amazing steak and much better ambiance.  I've got to say that the experience of a Brazilian Churrascaria was neat but definitely would not pay $92 at this place again.
I went here tonight with my co-workers for our holiday meal and there was 9 of us.

The setup is pretty simple - you have 4 stages of your meal which are salad bar, meat, dessert, and checkout. These states are dictated by your table by a round peg with different colors on it.

Being with 9 dudes we all decided that we were there to eat meat and more meat so we immediately turned the peg to green (for meat). This must have thrown off the staff because we all sat there for 10minutes twiddling our thumbs waiting for the meat skewers to come out.

I think they wanted us to go get salad... because filling up on salad and a little meat is FAR less expensive than eating 5 pounds of meat per dude.

Finally they caught on and started bringing meat out. We kept them busy but still they were slow. I am generally a slow eater and I could pretty much gobble up my meat before they even got around the table. Then... you'd have to wait 2-3 minutse for the next skewer to come out. So everyone spent a lot of time staring at an empty plate.

This isn't bad if you want to chat, which we did, but at the same time we were there to eat. As time goes on, food settles and you get full... so again, we were there for business and wanted more before it settled.

With that said, most of us went home stuffed. One guy could have stayed for another 4 hours, especially at the pace they were going at.

This was the first time I went to a Brazilian Steakhouse so I can't compare. A few of the other guys had gone elsewhere before and I believe they said that other places were better. I thought the food was decent but nothing I was absolutey dying for nor writing home about. I think everyone else felt the same.
The atmosphere was informal and we had an excellent waiter, Nate, serving a large variety of different meats.  The salad bar was ok, but of course this restaurant is not noted for the salad bar.  It was a little pricey but the variety of meats and service were very good.  We all also ordered desserts that were excellent.  The fried bananas were very tasty. We chose the restaurant after receiving a flier in the mail that stated a bottle of wine would be served with the purchase of two dinners on Monday nights. We invited friends to join us, but the owner refused to honor the coupon and said it was only one bottle of wine per table.  There was a table of 12 next to us that also were allowed only one bottle for the table!  The owner refused to come to our table so I went to where he was sitting in the bar and showed him the flier.  He just shrugged his shoulders and refused to talk to me.  When I said we would split into two tables he again turned away from me and said to go ahead and move.  Reminded me a bit of the Seinfeld episode of the Soup Nazi in New York. We will probably go to Fogo De Chao in Scottsdale next time!
That place it's bad and overpriced 
Don't waste you money and time!
I only give one star because there is not an option for zero star. I'm a Brazilian from Curitiba. I tried this place about 3 times across the last 6 years. Each time the place had a different owner and we were told things would improve. They need to burn this place down and start all over. It was terrible each time! Please don't waste money, time at this place. Zero quality, poor service! Nothing Brazilian about this place. Fogo de Chao is the best Brazilian restaurant in town at the moment. Fogo de chao is worth every penny, not this place. Food was cold, the food tasted and looked old. Nothing positive to say. I like to enjoy good fresh food and nothing about this place was good to me. (or my group that also did not enjoy this place)
Went there for dinner twice in a row. It was very good. The salad bar has some favorites and the meat was really good too. My favorites are the pork ribs and the top sirloin. 

However, my absolute favorite and the reason I like Brazilian Bull over their competitors is the grilled pineapple. I love it. 

We have been going here sporadically for a few years... since it was Fogo e Brasa... once like 2-3 years ago the quality was very bad, meat was dry and it felt like a bad decline in service and quality... However, it seems to be very good again.

We don't go often so we don't know how consistent they are... but as I said, the pineapple alone encouraged us to give them another chance.

If you want to try a meat or have a second or third portion feel free to tell them, they are very friendly and will get you what you ask for.

It is very far from us so I don't know when we will be back, but we definitely will.
Last Friday, I decided to try this place out with some friends and I had a great experience. The server was friendly, the quality of the food was amazing, and every few minutes you would have ladies dancing.

When i went, the price was about 32 bucks for all you can eat. 

From the other reviews, it seems as if some people had an issue with how fast they were able to get their meat. When I went, this wasn't a problem so take that as you will.

The restaurant itself was well decorated as well and the ambiance overall was pretty nice. 

One word of warning though, I don't know if the ladies dance there all the time since I've only been there once, but if you go with a girlfriend or wife who's a little insecure...you're going to have a bad time. I feel as if these ladies who were dancing got dagger stares from some of the other ladies at the restaurant.
If you eat pounds of meat at one sitting and don't mind if it's overcooked and dry, perhaps you might feel the price is right. However, our bill for two was nearly $80 and that's without alcohol. I also think that if you are going to periodically interrupt people's dining experience with half naked dancers and loud music, please upgrade your sound system. The Brazilian street music sounded like it was being pumped through the blown out speakers of a 80's Honda civic.

If your feeling carnivorous, your money is much better spent for a steak cooked correctly at a decent steakhouse.
We came here for dinner the other night and we weren't overly impressed and, honestly, I'm quite surprised by some of the higher reviews. 

The atmosphere was fine; low lighting, decently decorated, but it was much smaller than I had expected. It was also nearly empty when we first got there at 6pm.

Service was decent; a couple of the servers were hard to understand but we got by. Now, I understand the whole concept of how the servers will keep coming with the meat  until you turn over the little colorful toy looking thing but it was a bit distracting to have a conversation when the servers are circling around you and interrupting. Maybe it would be better to just bring out a dish of the samplings and if you want more then you could ask for it.

The salad bar was...okay. It wasn't anything to rave about. I tried a sampling of six different salads; mushrooms, tilapia and tomatoes, chicken salad, egg salad, crab salad, and garbanzo bean salad. Of the six I thought two of them were good; chicken salad and egg salad.

After we finished with the salads they started bringing in the meats. Again, we thought they were okay. The beefs were definitely way better than the others. I liked the prime rib, the sirloin, and the fillet, however they were a bit over cooked for my taste but they were seasoned well and moist. Although, the sausage was dry, the ham was so-so, the pork chop was completely dried out, the lamb I didn't care for, and the piece of rib I got didn't really have any meat on it.
They also brought rice, beans, some other sauce, and a small dish of fried banana's. I didn't try the beans or whatever the sauce was but I did try the rice. It was plain, nothing exciting, plus it was slightly undercooked; I got a few crunchy pieces. The fried banana's were really good though.

We had the flan for dessert, it was actually really good. Keep in mind though, flan is pretty easy to make, but it was tasty.

I think that it's a great concept and would be an enjoyable experience if the quality was better. While I'm glad we at least tried it, because it's always good to try something new, I doubt we'll ever be back. The price we paid wasn't worth it. Unless they lowered their price to $20 a person, I probably wouldn't come back. I think it would be a better idea to take your money to one of your favorite steakhouses.

Now I was going to give this restaurant a 2, maybe 3, star rating however, after reading other reviews and seeing how the manager of Brazilian Bull responded to negative reviews I changed it to a 1 star rating. 
Tip to the manager: if you want people to return after a bad experience, being rude, disrespectful and extremely defensive is not the way to do it. Being argumentative and trying to prove a point won't help your restaurant and you should keep in mind "word of mouth" is a powerful tool. Learn some customer service and common courtesy.
I went on a Saturday at noon and found this place to be excellent.  The price was good, the selection was good and the service was perfect.  Highly, highly recommend the Lunch.  Can't comment on dinner but I will.
If i could I would give this place absolutely no stars,it was that terrible. I went here because my uncle was visiting and he was in the mood for Brazilian style food. I looked up reviews and saw that they had a great salad bar which is great for me because I'm a vegetarian. So we get there and get our food and Its really nothing to write home about defiantly overpriced it was 32 dollars a plate if your eating meat and salad. Well while we where eating a waitress comes over and offers us rice balls I ask her if there was any meat in it because as i had said before I'm a vegetarian. She told me that it was vegetarian so I grabbed one. it wasn't until i bit in to it I realized It had bacon in it but not before I swallowed my first bite. When we informed our waiter of what had happened he told me he was sorry. And I understand that it's not entirely his fault but he didn't even bring the manager to us. We then asked him to go get the manager, he went to tell the manager everything that had happened and the manager told him to tell is there was nothing he could do and refused to speak with us!!! Then they brought is the bill and they charged me in full for my plate of salad which was 21 dollars and I didn't even eat much because I was repulsed by the MEAT they made me eat!!!!
The only good thing about this place is the service. Staff and waiters put a lot of effort in serve you the best they can. The main problem here is the food. For the price you are paying, I rather recommend you to go to a mediocre buffet like Golden Corral. Food did not look well, and did not taste well. In top of that, the over the top decor (almost Disney World-like) is overwhelming. They use "Brazilian" on their name but the only Brazilian element is the meat service at your table everything else is cheap-buffet food.
The place was a bit small and cramped.  The tables were very close to each other.  However, the food was delicious.  The meats were so flavorful and the salad bar was great.  The manager was also very accommodating, and slightly resembled John Malkovich.  Their prices are very reasonable for this type of restaurant.  The dessert was great.  I will be coming back again!
Arizona, Family-owned. Had a very cute atmosphere and the appetizer bar. For lunch it's only $8! Such a steal. Drinks during lunch were a little expensive, but I loved it. The meat was juicy and looked appetizing. I didn't eat the meat, but my husband and friend did and couldn't finish. With the meat, it was $20. I personally think for lunch that was a pretty good deal. I am not sure about dinner, but I would think much cheaper than Fogo and probably better. Plus it's not a chain!

I need to go back before I can give it a full five stars, but the service was great, and the food was really great! Too many choices. 

I recommend the ceviche, egg salad, tuna salad, pesto pasta, fried bananas, grilled pineapple and coconut cake (to die for!!!!). 

Looking forward to the next visit.
Big 'ol salad bar. Check. 
A good variety of meats. Check.
A bottle of Moscato. Check.

I have eaten here twice now and I still really enjoy it. The whole concept of how they run things is super cool and I feel like I can eat forever. I do have to warn those of you who like your meat umm... burnt. They give you more medium rare cooked meats, but you just have to ask for them to cook it more and they'll do it for you. The dinner is typically $100 for two people which does NOT include drinks and dessert. Soooo if you're wanting something more on the fancy side, then come here for dinner. Service is good. Staff is nice. I like this place a lot!
OK, first $32.99 for Dinner...at first I thought it was a lot, but quickly tasted everything they dish out, and let me tell you...This place is a great place. Better come hungry so you can try everything.  So basically starve yourselves...

5 stars all the way
First off, I am not exactly sure what everyone was expecting here after reading the reviews below. I took my wife there on a date, and the place was great.  Great price for very good food.  The atmosphere was light, and other diners eating and having a good time always add to the good food in a nice way.

The meats were great and the texture was good. I especially loved the sirloin and the bacon wrapped filet.  Plus I was happy with the chicken hearts and the roasted pineapple that my wife couldn't get enough of. 

So why 3 and not 4 stars?  I really wanted black beans.  As a fan of brazilian, I always expect black not brown over rice. There is just something about the taste of black beans when sided next to the fried bananas and white rice that really make a meal.  Plus I was expecting more from the salad bar, and was a little disappointed.  But not so much that I didn't love the ceviche. 

Otherwise, all was good.
Eh.  I won't go back.  We had been eyeing this place for some time, but I rarely am hungry enough to justify a $26 dinner.  Since it was my husband's birthday, it seemed like a good choice for the occassion.

I made a reservation for us and our friends through the restaurant's website.  In the "comments" I indicated it was a birthday celebration and if they do anything for birthdays, to please include that.   Well, that didn't happen.  But we did get to witness a table nearby receive a tiny (as in about one bite) birthday treat.  Not a huge deal, but would have been nice to have had his acknowledged since I did make a point to mention it.

Food wise, I give it about 2.5 out of 5 stars.  Nothing was great.  Salad bar was adequate but lacked in the fresh toppings.  Everything was a salad of it's own in some way for the most part... not a lot of independent salad toppings.  The meats were OK.  Chicken sausage was nasty, none of us ate that.  Tilapia was super fishy.  Otherwise it was fair.  Nothing great, nothing too bad.  The rice, beans, etc that are delivered to the table went untouched for the most part as they were never explained.  We ate the bananas, but had no idea what the sauces were to be used for.

Service wise - here's where the real lack of stars in my rating comes in.  Not impressed.  At all.  First, I could barely understand a word our server said.  He brought over the wine cart and made his sales pitch.  We declined because 1) wasn't in a wine mood and 2) if we did want wine, we would have liked to see a menu and decide rather than the pushy sales pitch.  Since there wasn't even a drink menu, we all ordered water.  And not the "Sparking Water", or the "something something bottled water" both of which our server pushed for, hard.  But just regular ice water.  Mistake?  Possibly.  I think we were then labeled as the "cheap table" and our service indicated as such.  We rarely saw our waiter after that, he never did actually talk to us or offer to take plates etc, after that and we had to ask for refills on the water.
The meats took about 10 minutes after we turned our table indicator to green and were very irregular in timing.  Sometimes you'd get 4-5 meats at once, other times you'd stare at your plate for 10 minutes.  We also had to request the pinapple several times before receiving it.  And not all of the meats on the menu were brought around.  The meat servers were all kind, though.

Lastly, our server did one of the few things that is a pet peeve when dining out, especially at a more upscale establishment - he picked up my signed credit card slip from the table while we were still sitting there.  And more so, had empty glasses and were not offered anything more to drink.  This is the ultimate "I'm done with you, get out" indication.  So we did.  But we probably won't go back - and in the future I'll start waiting to fill out the credit slip until we're actually ready to leave, and the tip will reflect the service during our entire visit, not just the part while we're still spending money.
As a native Brazilian, I DO NOT recommend going to this restaurant. There is not one single point that I like. The decoration and music actually are the only two good points. The rice they brought us was all sticky. They did not have all cuts of steak, including my favorite, skirt stake(fraldinha). Some of the meats did not taste like much, such as the "Contra file"; they were not salted properly, which is hard to mess up. Also, I know the cuts in Portuguese, not in English. A guy brought some meat, then I asked the name in Portuguese. He replied: How am I gonna know? I am not Portuguese. Then he left and never came back to our table. And THE MOST IMPORTANT: cutting the meat!! The servers cut huge pieces, cut against the fibers, knifes were totally not sharp, so the cutting was all messed up. They were not cutting the meat; they were butchering it. And for those who do not know the thinnest you cut the better it will taste. 
I hope that the American people don't think this is a traditional Brazilian restaurant experience; there are other ones in the area that provide a way better experience.
We came here years ago and really enjoyed it. Wanting to go again but after reading poor reviews about a year ago we decided to go to Fogo instead. 
Today we were close by and decided to give them another shot. Reviews were getting better.
Sunday at 11 we were the only ones there so we were a little nervous. $20 for unlimited salad bar and meats, the salad bar was decent for a salad bar but nothing compared to what is offered at Fogo, but we weren't there to fill up on that.
The meats were very good, some better than others but overall better than avarage. Our meat guy took the time to ask how we liked our meats cooked and made sure we got that cut. No lamb at lunch but the top sirloin, roast beef and prime rib were great and I loved the grilled pineapple. Plenty of sides, our drinks were never empty and the staff was very nice. Although stuffed we shared a coconut cake (ALL desserts are made in house) it was the best!  
I highly recommend giving them a shot. Or another try if it's been awhile. They would have gotten 5 stars if the salad bar had more to offer.
We were a party of five and not only was ALL of the food
 spectacular, but the service was excellent and we were treated like guests, not simply customers. I would def recommend!
Go somewhere else!!! I decided to try this place after going to the same type of restaurant in California.  This place was a huge disappointment.  First off, their "wine list" was a cart of wine and the prices were negotiable.  WEIRD!  Then, while we were trying to make a decision for wine, the "maitre d" try to sell us his "family recipe" sangria.  It was so weird.  We finally settled on a bottle of mediocre wine. 

Then... the salad bar.  Disappointment again.  There were a few items that were decent, but for the most part everything offered could have been bought at the grocery store deli. 

The meats... The waiter told us that all of the meats were cooked to well done unless we asked for something different.  Who wants well done red meats?  We asked them to be cooked to medium-rare, which they did.  The one they overcooked was the bacon wrapped filet.  It was well done and gross.  Overall, the meats were pretty good.  Seasoned well, cooked properly and came often.  The cheese bread they put on the table was really good also.

Once we were done, the dessert cart came around.  I had the creme brulee, which was really good.

The service was okay.  Our actual waiter was new, but did a great job.  The down side... The maitre d'.  He was pushy and overly "friendly" and kinda creepy.  We were celebrating my birthday with a really large group so he made sure he got his wine sold, but never came back to take drink orders from the people who didn't want wine.  They also really tried to push the bottled water they had on the table, but when we told them we didn't want to pay for water and that tap water was fine, you could tell in his attitude he was annoyed.  

Then the end of the night... The staff sang happy birthday and my friends and family were taking pictures.  First off... I HATE when restaurants put hats on your head... you don't know where it's been or what germs are living in it, but the maitre d' threw the nasty thing on my head anyway.  Then, he asked me if I was married. WHAT?!?!  I told him no... BAD IDEA!  He then proceeded to wrap me in a huge bear hug and planted a big, slobbery, disgusting kiss on my cheek!  I pulled away as hard as I could, but that creep had his arms around me.  I wanted to puke!  WHO DOES THAT?!?!

Then we asked for our checks... another disaster.  It took them forever to get them figured out for our group.  We asked at the beginning of dinner to have separate checks and thought the maitre d' took it all down... but it was somehow lost during the course of the meal and it took the staff 3 times to try and get everything right.  Then they overcharged us by 1 meal and they treated us like we stole a dinner!  Once we finally got that straightened out, they wouldn't come back to take the cards until my dad told one of the waiters walking by that we were tired of waiting and we were leaving and that if it meant they weren't getting paid, we didn't care.  After that, the maitre d' came right over and got everyone's cards.

By the end of the night, I had an okay meal with great friends and family... just wish we would have gone somewhere else.  The maitre d' ruined everything!  Save your money and go somewhere else.
We saw signs along the 10 fwy for all you can eat for 25.99 so we dedicded tocheck them out. atmosphere was nice salad bar was decent and the different meats were ok depending on what you like. the waiters were very nice. when we finished dining and paid opur bill we were asked to do a review on a ipad. when we got home we had each received a coupon good for 25.99. so a few weeks later we went back.  
they refused to honor the coupon they sent. 
then they said the dinner was 33.99. we never saw a menu or anything stating the dinner was 33.99. it certainly is  not worth 33.99. so we said since we have 2 coupons worth 25.99 then we should pay the difference. they said NO!! even one coupon per table would have been acceptable. not only did the owner say H*** NO!!!
he accused us of wanting to eat free and stated": i don;t like THOSE people anyway".

the waiter did all he could to get the owner to honor at least one coupon but the owner refused,. this coupon came directly from the resturant not groupon or any other source.  i will never go back to this place. that man's dishonestly and bigotry is a toltal turn off plus it really is not worth 25.99 or 33.99.....
We came for dinner to celebrate our anniversary. They had live music and it was great but a little loud for conversation. Very friendly and attentive staff. We never had to ask for drink refills and the meat was hot juicy and great. The salad bar was different this time and isn't amazing but we come for the meats and they are worth it. Price for dinner very reasonable when you consider all the staff they have to wait on you.
Had a wonderful time! 20 of us ate, drank and were entertained by a fantastic staff.  Food was delicious!!!! Does not disappoint.
Our dining experience was entertaining and delicious, impeccable service. Hit all the senses! Thank you Wagner and Levi!
Great food, can't wait to go back.  The meat was fresh and hot, just remember to turn over your "meat wanted" indicator otherwise they just keep bringing more to you.  I will pass on the Brazilian soda in a can though.
So i was really trying to like this place but 1st off for 90 bucks tough steak is Not acceptable the salad bar was surprisingly yummy. No one explained exactly how it worked we have been at fogo n kinda knew what to do they dont carry enough red meats in my opinion to call this a steakhouse sausage ham pinapple chicken turkey chicken hearts ect those dont count in my opinion... they were friendly, but another thing no one brought us rice or bananas n all the works till then of our meal i was literally eating my dessert which i may add my homemade cheese cake is a billion times better also one thing that truly bothered me was that they charged us for an extra person ? like how do you accidently charge a couple for three, my husband never checks the bill but 120 for an Okay meal he checked i dont plan on returning i rather pay more for an awesome experiance.
After living in Brasil for 5 years I was very excited to try this place. I was thoroughly disappointed.  The price was way too much for their choice of meats. The night I went they weren't offering all their meats they claim to serve. Their salad bar had nothing authentic to Brasil. Quality of meat was mediocre at best. Price way too much for what you get.
I had been wanting to dine here for a long time, and I finally had the opportunity to have dinner with some old college buddies and I must admit, I was disappointed in the food and service.  Too pricy for EXTREMELY SALTY MEAT, I mean big time and I love to salt my food before even tasting it. Not only was it way too salty, but the Host also tried to speak Chinese to my Korean/American friend. So I would never recommend it.  I hope the Scottsdale location is better, because the concept seems great, but the reality was just bad.  Salad bar isn't too bad.
Harried and disorganized front of house. Very crowded. I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses and this is not only the least impressive, but also cost more. The yelp ap claims a $26.99 discount if you check in, when I showed our waiter he said it was expired. I showed him that it was current... Even as I sit here writing this the promotion is still there. He just ignored me. 
Of all the meat options only a couple were actually good. I really enjoyed the pineapple and top sirloin. The tilapia was also very tasty... But not worth $30 a person. 
Service was unimpressive. One waiter didn't speak English very well and couldn't tell us clearly what we were being offered.
I was really disappointed. I have been to several Brazilian stake houses and this one doesn't even compare. Salad bar is weak, they are so stingy on the sides such at the cheese breads and friends bananas. And they are more expensive than the other brazilian steak houses. The service was fair. Nothing special. I am sure I won't go back to this place. The one in Scottsdale is worth the drive .
Just the worse place! Sorry guys but this place does not serve brazillian food! The steaks tastes like left over meal. Staff is ver friendly, but the food quality is just bad. Aqui nao serve comida brasileira! Guarde o seu dinheiro!
Run...Run far away ...run to Fogo de Chao!!! So worth the extra 20 dollars/pp to go to Fogo. The service was great but the food just wasn't good. I tried so hard to like it. Not gonna happen. Salad bar was very limited and the meats were just dry and salty.  I'd rather have spent money on 1 good steak than an endless supply of crappy meat. Skip it.
We went for lunch, after checking out their website.

Their website and the window right by the front door says they offer sirloin and lamb burgers for $8-10, and a meat sampler for $8.

Our waitress came and she explained we could either do the salad bar for $10 or the meat "buffet" and salad bar for $20, with no mention of the burgers or meat sampler. When I asked about the burgers, she said they no longer offer that. When I asked about the meat sampler she (sorta begrudgingly) agreed that still was offered.

We got the meat "buffet", and it was decent enough. My main issue is if your lunch menu has been drastically cut down, take it off your website and off your front-window. It borders on bait-and-switch when you only tell your customers about the $20 option, never mention the $8 sampler option, and remove $8 burgers without telling anyone.
Went with some work friends cause it sounded good.  they have some great meat selections to pick, and being all you can eat i tried it all, and then kept eating.  the guys coming out with the meat on the sticks were really friendly.

the salad bar was the start of the meal, and really sucked, was a waste of time :)

for drinks we ordered some drinks and got one they said was strong 151.  the drink sucked and barely had the taste of rum in it so we mentioned it to the bartender (hoping maybe they would throw a little extra in the cup) and got a total attitude about it and the refusal to do anything.  The "House" drink the waiter recommended was really good though.

Overall, I enjoyed the food and atmosphere but not sure i will go back (the whole  weak drink think really bothered me)
Overpriced, terrible food. Avoid this place. Spend the money on Fogo de Chao. I won't go into too much detail because based on the other reviews, it seems like I'm not the only one who recognizes how terrible this place it. 

I'll leave it with this little gem.... the waitress offered us PIZZA BITES half way through our meal. Priceless....
I had been wanting to try out this place after seeing such good reviews. It was packed when I first came here so the service was a bit slow. There are a wide variety of food you can choose from. All of which were pricey. The food's quality is good so its worth it. Still not impressed though.
I texted the number *on their website* to be added to their promotions, got the text code, went in and they said that the promotion was over. I said its still on their very own website. How can it be over? Nonetheless, I gave them the promo coupon from right here on Yelp. They said that was over too. This was like 2 months ago. It's still here on Yelp! I walked out and went to Fogo de Chao. While I was in there getting denied, I did get a good look at their selections and service. Horrible! Don't waste your time. These guys' dishonesty doesn't bode well for the quality of their food.
Walked in on a Saturday night and it was half full, which for my boyfriend and I was a plus, the food was delicious, everything was flavourful esp the meats my boyfriend loved it, only downsides was we hardly knew who our server was, and it felt like they closed down the buffet way too early, we felt kind of rushed if it weren't for that definitely would've gotten 5 stars.

P.s most of them have extremely thick accents but I liked it cause it added to the atmosphere.
If you're going to a Brazilian steakhouse, you either know what you're getting into, or someone should tell you that you should do the buffet.  
(If you're going to a seafood restaurant, you're missing the point if you're ordering a cheeseburger.)

SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.  Or take it with you to go.  I got two to go...(five layer chocolate cake ..and Flan) and I regret nothing.  Little lady had cheesecake.  Dessert was a show-stealer.
The chocolate cake was flawless.  Thinking of going just for dessert, I kid you not.

Service, selection, and quality is not Fogo de Chao, ...but the price is quite a bit less, and that counts for a lot.

Atkins friendly!
This place is a joke.  I will never return.  The meat carved off the carcass at the table was messy and chewy.  The drinks were small and the prices were high.  It's amazing this restaurant is still open.  The waiter bragged about earning 6-$700 a week.  Never again.
The food is absolutely phenomenal!  I love rare and medium rare meat and that's a majority the meat selections.  

Service is great, always had water in my cup.  We went there with a group of 10 and it was awesome.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone! 

Keep up the good work
The food is good but service was slow and had to keep asking for meats to come to the table. Seems like they are understaffed. Over all good place and good food but service needs improvement
The service was great.  Friendly and quick.  We dropped in for lunch.  It was pretty quiet on a Thursday.  Most of the meat was a little too dry for my liking.  None of it was bad, but compared to Fogo de Chao it was lacking.  The ham, ribeye and bacon wrapped turkey being the exception.  The salad bar was good, but didn't have a ton of options.  Might give it another try in the evening when it is more busy.
I would go back for sure. The flavor and selection of meat was perfect and the buffet was incredible.... Crab salad, mussels... Delicious! I see a lot of people saying the service is slow, well it's a Brazilian steakhouse so expect to spend about an hour and a half. Long story short, GO!
I do like this place and several of the items they offer. The salad bar has several items I like but not a lot of items like other Brazilian steak houses I have been to.
We have eaten there twice and always had good food and meat.  They are helpful and service friendly here.  It is not like Fogo de Chao but it is a family owned place and they make it work well.
I had visited this restaurant many time before. This time for my birthday I wanted to go back because it was one of my favorites. But this visit was the most disappointing. The service was aweful. They were extremely rude. They wouldn't seat us. They also dissected myself and my husband . They just blatantly spoke in a vey rude manor to my husband and my guest. This outing ruined my birthday !! I will NEVER visit this restaurant again!!
If you love meat and don't mind seeing people walking around the Casino.  You'll love this place!  It's a bit loud and hard to hear what the peeps at the other end of your table are saying, but you'll be too busy eatin' away. The dudes come out with the meet on the metal/skewer and put it on your plate! Not too shabby....

Recommendations:   THE ALL YOU CAN EAT RODIZIO EXPERIENCE
i want to give this place 4.5 stars.  it felt a bit weird, since this is to the side of the mirage casino, not like fix at bellagio, but most of the restaurant is kind of in the open.  however, they seated us very quickly without reservations.  and they served us veryvery quickly since we had to catch a show.  this place is AWESOME because they give you a shitload of really great sides with your entree (rice with black beans and cheese, creamed spinach, glazed carrots, fried plantains).  they split your plate for you very nicely, their sweet potato fries were surprisingly extremely good.  the filet mignon was grand. umm, come hungry.  i dont think they have steaks under 12 oz.  their crab cakes were so so which was sad because im a sucker for crab cakes.  i didnt try the all you can eat meat, but from the looks of it, espetus in SF is better.
Don't fall for the salad and beans.

Eat the meat.  Drink lots of water.  The protein takes lots of water to digest, and if you don't drink enough, you'll have a meat stroke.  More water = more meat.

They have 10 or so different preparations of meat, including a seafood option, and they're all wonderful.
my gf and I went to Vegas for NY, since Vegas was a living hell during this time of year, getting reservation for anything good was next to impossible. Luckily we stumbled into Samba. I said luckily not because we were able to find a place for food. I'm so glad I found it cause the food was delicious and my favorite and probably be one of the main reason to be back is their Batitas drink. I'm not much of a drinker, but this is an excellent drink that all the cocktail lovers must try.
Good.  Not the greatest Brazilian experience I've had but good.   Mind you I've never been to Brazil, so I'm far from an expert.  In addition, I've only been to 3-4 Brazilian restaurants in my lifetime.  I'm tempted to give this restaurant 5 stars because overall it was good food, excellent attentive service, and great company.  

Pros:
+ unlimited SIDES (but then again it's unlimited MEAT too...)
+ the fried plantains are good as dessert too...

Cons:
- 1/2 star because it's a zoo and chaotic.  I still felt like I was in the casino.  Don't expect a quiet and romantic setting.
- 1/2 star because there's no pre-carnage buffet but maybe that's part of the rodizio experience?  
- Pitchers of Caipirinha and Sangria are pricey!  $30 & $40 respectively...

If you're on the Strip and looking for a fun group meal check out SAMBA's!!!
I really enjoyed my recent experience at Samba.  We got there around 5:30, to make sure we had time before our show, and were seated promptly (of course, even at this early hour, half the tables were already filled).

1/  Service is prompt and courteous, which I like.  They did a great job of explaining what everything was, etc.  With their bread, they passed out this amazing olive oil / garlic / something awesome mixture that my boyfriend gobbled up - literally.

2/  The meat was really tasty.  I liked the ginger soy flak steak the best.  I also liked something else, that was basically salted and peppered steak.  I had an outside piece, tho, whihc got to be a little salty.

3/  What kind of stinks is once you figure out you like something, it's hard to get it back again.

4/  I pretty much did not like anything with a bone, mostly 'cause it was hard to eat.  They did have salmon, however, which was tasty but a tiny bit dry.

5/  The fried plantains were my favorite part of the whole meal, though I have a natural fondness of fried plantains and that might be why.

Overall, great experience.  It is a trifle loud because it is open to the whole casino - however, we were tucked in the back corner and away from the majority of the noise, which was nice.
A good Brazilian steakhouse overlooking the inside of the Mirage Casino.  Not enough seating or tables in my opinion.  My group of 10 sat right next to the kitchen so we didn't have to flag anyone down and everyone ordered the Rodizio All You Can Eat option.  Their staff is friendly and service is quick.

Here's what they bring out on the skewers:

-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers 
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon 
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style 
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style 
-Fresh Fish of the Day 
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs 
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs 
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple

If your mouth is watering then go check it out.  So much meat it was all a blur.  BTW the Rodizio comes with sides, but who cares about those ; )
Our group of 15 needed a place for dinner after my sister's wedding.  With two young ones in tow (7 & 11) and on a BUDGET, we wanted to make sure the venue was conducive to a family environment where we would all feel comfortable.  The restaurant opened at 5:30pm which was the time of our reservation.

We were pleasantly surprised our table was ready and waiting for us as soon as they opened. Situated in the back, a few tables pushed together against comfy bench seating, we were the only ones in that area for most of the dinner.  We were quickly given water, drinks, bread, and tasty dippings to start the evening off.

As soon as the drinks were served, the side dishes were served, which was great since we were concerned about my mom's 9pm flight that same night.  This can truly be a "no-carb" lovers dream dinner with the amount of meat that was served.

(Taken from Anthony C.)
-Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon  **YUMM**
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style  **Good**
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style   **YUMM**
-Fresh Fish of the Day   **Salmon - YUMM**
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs  **OK***
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs  **Ok**
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak  **Good** 
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple  **YUMM**

Aside from the initial dips served with bread, the side dishes weren't that great.  I love fried plantains, but these were fried and drenched in some rummy honey sauce that I didn't feel complimented much. The creamed spinach was bland, and the carrots were, just carrots.  The black beans and rice were probably best, but not much too remember.  

The kiddies were happy as they had lots of meat to choose from and they brought out plain white rice. 

We opted to have the dinner on one CC and the beverages on another, of which they were very accommodating.

**Important - If you'd like to have cake with dinner - and you bring from outside - they will assess a $5/pc cake cutting charge. ($60 for our group - outrageous!!).  If you order the cake from within the Mirage Food & Beverage, the fee will be waived. My schedule was hectic last week and wasn't able to make the cake reservation until Sun 07/15 for dinner the next evening.  If time permits, I HIGHLY recommend you take care of this at least a week prior, otherwise you will run into some difficulty as I did.  
**The cake for 15 persons was $55, chocolate cake w/ chocolate custard. Quite tasty.  Because I called with such short notice they advised the cake would only be covered with white fondant and they wouldn't be able to do decorations.  However, the cake arrived to the restaurant, on time, beautifully decorated and tasted great.  Just call the reservation # for the restaurant and ask for the "Mirage Food & Beverage".  They will try to get you to someone who can help take the cake order.

I would definitely recommend this dinner.  At $34.95/per person for the Rodizio Experience, this fit into our family budget of $600 for the night. We went a bit over on drinks, but for the most part this worked out well.  Enjoy!!
A veritable meatfest. 

Festival of meat.  

Meat parade.

A parade of meat. 

Atmosphere is a little too bright for my taste but they don't mess around at Samba.  It's fast and to the point.  Make sure you double check your reservations because if there does happen to be a mistake YOU suffer the consequences.

Wah...no sweet meats for dessert. The creme brule is a tiny island in a sea of meat equipped with it's own edible cookie palm tree and fruit floaties.
NOT THE LEAST BIT AUTHENTIC!!!!

I can't get over the reviews on this post. I'm sorry but this place should not be considered a Brazilian Restaurant by any means.  I have been to Brazil and had excellent Rodizio experiences. I have been to New York, Philadelphia and actually Charlotte and had great Rodizio experiences but this one is for the birds. 

Where do I start? 

oh, the pre-buffet with Fish...oh right, they don't have that so I can't tell you how that was....
The meat. Very very so-so in my Book. The best meat being that last to come out, the Picanta (sp) Flank Steak. It was the ONLY choice of meat to taste Brazilian in nature with obvious sea salt and garlic added. The chicken was very bland without ANY hit of lime or garlic. and the Ribs were also lacking in taste - usually my favorite part of this experience. I could find the taste of the grill on only about 2 choices of meats. The sausage was very dry as well. And they didn't serve any brisket or chicken hearts. Again....how is this place considered 'Brazilian?'

The experience? 
Usually, Brazilian eating is like a celebration but the waiters looked hurried and one selection of meat was extreeemly rare and another was cold. I didn't want to object with my 7 guests when I was there but this place really really bothered me. At least the drinks were strong but even they were screwed up. We ordered larges and the drinks came out in a very strange fishing bowl type of glass which you couldn't even pick up. Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place!!!

On top of that, they were playing mexican music in Spanish. Words to the wise...Brazilians speak Portuguese and they have very limited horns in their samba music. If i wanted to hear mexican music, I would go to a mexican restaurant. The name of the place is Samba....how about a little Samba music instead??

Ok. enough of my bitch'in....if you're familiar with any kind of Brazilian Steakhouses, this place will leave you very disappointed. If you're a tourist looking to fill up with meat and drinks - enjoy.... I'm going to try Pompas (sp) next in Planet Hollywood...hopefully, they're are better.
If you go here looking for a quintessential churrascaria experience, you will be woefully disappointed. No salad bar, just a tossed salad dumped on your plate. Don't bother chasing after the waiter for seconds. Limited variety of meats few and far between. I've come to appreciate that there is a real skill involved in serving, so one gets just the right portion and cooked through as you like it. (Depending on where and how they cut, they can provide a piece that is more or less well done.) Service was cordial enough. Quality okay. I'm just really bummed after the send up I gave to my friend before going about the churrascaria experience, only to spend the rest of the evening telling him how its supposed to be.
Sort of a race to see who can shove the most meat into their bodies the fastest.  The food was okay at this place, but it does take them a long time to bring around the different meats so if you find one you like, you might get a little bit and not get a chance for more for another half hour.  Its really small and crowded for a casino restaurant, the side dishes were weak, and the drinks were expensive.  

Maybe I was just disappointed at the wait, even with a reservation, but I would never be excited about going back here
Don't come here for the real thing...this place doesn't hold a candle up to the likes of Fogo de Chau.  Come here to have a relatively affordable, all-you-can-eat meal with lots of okay meat and sides, and some pretty potent drinks.  The waiters are not trained in the service of the true Brazilian Steakhouse; they are just bringing you whatever becomes available from kitchen.  Our group especially enjoyed the flank steak, the salted sirloin, the sangria and the citrusy caipirinhas.
We were chased out of Rum Jungle for Brazilian BBQ for large groups so we ended up here.  Apparently Rum Jungle does not entertain groups larger than 10, so we took our business else where!!!

Samba is a little more traditional Brazilian than RJ with their style of serving.  The meats quality amazingly is better and service was completely night and day.  

Quality of their meats were just so so as far as Brazilian goes, I am disappointed in the fact that there were not as many variety as other places.  Although more Brazilian places tries to offer a little more healthier meats like chicken, turkey, and even fish.  Samba only offered two chicken dish and they were not all that great.  They were not serving Lamb...which is a complete waste.  The two best meats they served were the beef. Food wise it is more mediocre with a three star rating, but the additional forth star is for exceptional and attentive service.
Gross. Everything.
The first time my husband and I ate here, we were totally floored by the Brazilian BBQ.  We've never experienced anything like it before.  Of course, for our second trip (which ended up being a college reunion party) we had learned to leave most of the salad and other condiments off our plates and fill up on those wonderful meats.  The key is to pace yourself and enjoy a little of everything.  It's hard when all-you-can-eat skewers and skewers keep coming to your table.  A little flank steak, a little chicken, some pork...  before you know it, you need to be rolled out of the restaurant.  It's a fun place for two, but it's a great place for a party with your friends.
Dude.  Don't waste your money.  The only thing that was really good was the salad.  So get a salad and a water if you need a snack then go somewhere else for dinner.

My friend got the caprihini (sp?) and couldn't drink it, he called it "firewater" lol.  

The side dishes were ok.  The beans ok, the carrots too sweet, the spinach pretty good.  The bread at the beginning was good too, round little puffs with cheese in the middle and a garlicky olive oil dipping sauce.  We did ask for more plantains, I will give them that.

But the meat.  Come on people, isn't this place supposed to specialize in meat?  One chicken dish was good, the turkey was good, and I was the only one who cared for the soy marinated steak.  The rest... blah.  the ribs... inedible hunks of bone covered in grease and fat.  are you serious?  really.  come on now.  what a waste of $40 a person!  I would much rather go to Stripburger and eat for 10 bucks or so....  Let's just say I was very disappointed...
We had such a great time here... Never been to any other brazillian resturaunts, but we'll so be back... if you choose the all you can eat option you have a little "doll" at your table you can flip from green to red as you want them to bring more or stop... You really have to pace yourself... I also had a really great drink that I can't remember what it was called... It was strong and HUGE! We both thought it was a great dinner for 40 bucks!
I like this place.  It's a fun atmosphere, and the food is good.  But, my favorite thing to get is the Caipirinha.  I think you can also get a pitcher.
The Samba cracks me up. I love this place ......

Who thinks that walking into a steakhouse between two large bananas........ located just off the casino floor .......
is going to provide a gourmet brazilian experience????
It is the typical Vegas "over the top"  - "over blown" dining experience.

Comparing the Samba to a traditional Churrascaria experience -
is like comparing "Phantom of the Opera" on Broadway to the Vegas production. 
The Vegas production is great - but it is a "VEGAS production." 
The Samba is fun but it is not really Churrascaria either ........
it is the Vegasized version ......

I love meat 
and this place provides you all the meat you can handle.

The side dishes are "interesting" - but they should not take you away from the real reason you are here - the meat.

I have been here four times and I am still not sure what to do with the creamed spinach  on the side ....
The drink selections are supurb ..... second only to the meat ! !

I love the waiters - they are gracious and accommodating ...
 
My son dined with me and not quite being twenty one orders a margarita. The waiter asks to see ID........ 
Andrew says "sure" and immediately pulls out his drivers license clearly stating he is not twenty one........
Waiter says thanks and brings him the drink ..... 
I love these guys

The price seems right for an evening of dining enjoyment.
The one thing that does surprise me is how you seem to be removed from the casino atmosphere when you are dining ....... even though the gaming is taking place only a short distance away.

The bananas at the door should give you a clue
Take the Samba for what it is - a "vegas production" and enjoy.
You will have a great time.
The food wasn't horrible.
The service was decent.
But none of us, and we were four good sized men, could even think of eating $40 worth of meat.
Our group got together for a birthday dinner, and while it was a "fun" experience, I doubt that I would ever go back seeing the multitude of dining experiences that awaits one in Las Vegas.
We did not partake of any of the drinks that are mentioned in other reviews, but I'm wondering if they were also overpriced with a bit of extra alcohol just to help the blow of the price for the slices of meat that were served.
We found the ribs to be sizzling hot and not at all tasty. The other meats were acceptable, but I think I'll try something else next time.
"YUMMMMMM i wish i tried the rodizio all u can eat meat buffet it looked so good,but eh, too much meat for me.
i had the rottiserie dinner instead which is the bomb.
loved the ceviche appetizer too,and crackers with somekind of olive oil they serve right before your meal. one thing tho,never order the their drinks,too strong and i dont think its mean to be ingested."
Ehhh the meat was really really bland. Needed their dipping sauces for all of their cuts. The salad was yummy, so were the sides... but was pretty hungover from the night before so my friend and I didn't end up eating much of anything... I really liked the rice and beans. And the cheese bread. That's pretty much it? It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't horrible.
I don't love Samba but I don't hate it either.  I recently stopped eating all meat except for fish, so I'm sure I REALLY wouldn't love Samba these days.

Anyway, the servers come around with big skewers of meat and offer you small cuts. You can eat as much or as little as you like. I didn't mind the meat but I really have never cared for the sides. The rice and beans and plantains are good but I have never liked the salad of the other veggies. 

I do recall that Samba has delicious cocktails and desserts. Definitely come here if you want a cool experience and are a meat eater. If these don't apply to you, move on.
This place I guess is probably exactly what I expected.  A Vegas type interpretation of what a Brazillian steak house would be.  I would imagine, being next to the Beatles Lounge in the middle of a casino doesn't create the best environment for gauchos and REALLY large knives.  

The food was more or less what I expected it to be with a bunch of non brazillian influences on their skewers. Last time I checked Hawaiian Style has NO place with Brazillian steakhouses.  Where are the Chicken Hearts?  Ginger Soy flank steak?  Really?  

Still if you come here, make sure that it the ONLY buffet you to go that day.  The 100 lbs Asian girls I went with skipped the whole experience as their size 1's were being pushed to the unhealthy size 2 region on their waste lines.  



 -Slow cooked Sausage and Sweet Peppers
-Honey Brushed Turkey Breast Roulade Wrapped in Bacon
-Huli Huli Chicken Hawaiian Style
-Churrasco Sirloin "Picanha" Style
-Fresh Fish of the Day
-Brazilian Style Baby Back Pork Ribs
-"Alho" Style Chicken Legs
-Ginger Soy Flank Steak
-Slow Roasted Pork and Pineapple
This was a very tasty restaurant that served much meat.  The wine was good too.The waiters present you with big gobs of meat that you can choose, and the best was the bacon wrapped turkey.
solid fare for the exceptionally lazy over-eater.  not up for the walk to and from the buffet line?  no worries, the buffet comes to you, or at least the carving stations do.  the meats ranged from succulent and amazing to desiccated and gnarly (but hey, it's all you can eat - just set that gross rib aside and wait til new, fresh ones come out).  i loved the plantains, but i love all plantains, and i love sweet foods in a savory meal.  the cheesy biscuits were also good, and required restraint - must save room for meat was the general philosophy here.  the service was attentive, and the drinks were tasty, though not particularly strong.  i'd rather eat on the cheap (as much as that's possible in vegas) and splurge at fogo de chao in one of its multiple locales for a more inspired and satisfying churrascuria experience.
This was my first 'rodizio' style meal, ever. Highly anticipated and well reviewed, I was looking forward to visiting this place. For those of you not aware, it's all you can eat 'steak' house where they bring the entrees to your table. Basically you get a couple of sides (rice & beans, I think) and a little colored indicator. When you want them to bring more meat, you turn the indicator to green, to stop, red. Anyway, there were lots of types of meats that they bring by. Some examples were: steak, bacon wrapped chicken, ribs, and sausage. There are many more, and the variety varies each trip. All meats were cooked properly and hot. As with most Vegas restaurants: the place was empty but we were told to make reservations. Anyway, the staff were excellent and explained the style very well to us, being our first trip. We had a pitcher of caipirinha, which is similar to a margarita or mojita (sans mint.) It's made with cachaca, which tastes like a cross between rum and tequila. Anyway, the food was good. It's a bit pricey, around $40 a person, just for the rodizio style meal, no drinks. I personally find it to be an exceptional value, because of the quality and quantity of food. However, if you are not a big eater, this is probably not the place for you. Also, remember that alcohol has a filling feeling effect on your stomach too. I don't suggest this (or a buffet for that matter) after large quantities of free booze at the tables. We had a wonderful time here, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes meat, any style. "Brazillian" is more a serving style, than culinary style here. Highly recommended.
was here for dinner in my last trip to vegas back in feb'09.  been to this type of buffet before in san diego, so i knew what to expect.  it was pricey at $40 a pop.  there was 6 of us.  with a pitcher of sangria the total was $310...  well its vegas.   and in the mirage, so its pricey of course.  

its pretty much non-stop meat.  i cant remember which one i like.  i think the beef meats were better than the pork meats.  well, since its the 2nd time ive been to this type of buffet, i like the first time better when it was only $12 a  pop for lunch at san diego gaslamp area.
Nice place if you are a total carnivore...I was the only vegetarian in our party...go figure, I end up at a steakhouse...but it seemed that everyone else was extremely satisfied with their neverending all you can eat meat...me? I had a pasta dish...super yummy but way filling...I couldn't even finish my plate...at the end they brought us this yummy desert with brownie and cake and ice-cream and berries...I pretty much just ate the berries and they were super fresh....But yes...if you are a meat eater, you should totally go here and order the neverending meat thingy...
Came here with a reservation at 7:30 for dinner. It was pretty packed.

We were sat down around 7:45 or so, so not bad. Now, I am a HUGE Ipanema fan in the downtown Seattle area, so I figured I would LOVE this place as well. Anytime Rodizio is offered with high quality meats and sides makes me salivate in thought.

We sat down and told the waiter we were going to do the rodizio option. They left but didn't fill our waters for about 10 minutes. Now walking around in the Vegas sun we were really thirsty so this was rather annoying. Once they came back we started our first course which was a salad. This salad was pretty good as it contained garbanzo beans, olives, and many more different types of veggies. So far, we had been impressed. Now they brought our sides out which was different than Ipanema. The sides are served family style at your table so you don't have to get up to get them (we probably needed the walking). 

Now our first meats were very tasty but one thing really screwed this up. Our waitor/host didn't tell us about the red/green "salt-shaker" kind of thing that tells the meat deliverers whether we are done or not. Now I am a Rodizio veteran and normally know how this works but never had seen it in this form/didn't notice it on the table by the other tools. So basically, we hadn't had any meats for about 10-15 minutes and all of our sides had gotten cold. This was pretty dissapointing, as the waiter did not tell us about this.

Now if we had done this right I probably would give another star or so, but the experience wasn't as enjoyable as it should have been.

But the meats were gooooood... :)
I had high expectations of this place and was quickly disappointed.  

The meat was all pretty much dry.  The pork with pineapple was the only thing that was any good.  

I am not a fan by any means now.....

Pros:
We were seated quickly 
Service was fantastic

Cons:
Dry meat
Overpriced
OK, so we had tickets to see "Love," the Cirque de Soleil show at The Mirage (doesn't every hotel have one?), and thought it would be easier to dine at the same hotel.

Can somebody explain this type of "Brazilian steakhouse" to me?

Yeah, it's "all-you-can-eat" and that should have served as a warning to me, but . . . wasn't bad, but wasn't great . . . .

Really 2.5 stars.
Pretty much your typical "Brazilian" style all you can eat place. I enjoyed it and had some good meats. It is less formal and of lesser quality than other restaurants I have been to that have the same restaurant format but I think this is just true of Vegas in general. It was a good quality meal that was quick and easy if you are pressed for time.  A good place to stop by if you are needing a place to eat before seeing LOVE.
I came here upon the recommendation of a friend- the Brazilian All you can eat buffet, with tableside service.  

Lets just break it down-  Some of the meats were good, some were not so good.  They started with an assortment of bread and crackers, then continued with salad and then brought out the good stuff- the meat!

They started out with two types of chicken both of which were too dry for my taste- lacked flavor too, then brought out a turkey wrapped in bacon which was really just excellent!  next they brought out a roasted pork, which again was too dried out for me. then there was sausage which was decent, then there was a flank steak which was good, but the best dish they brougth out was the sirloin!  perfectly cook, melting in your mouth sirloin!  all that wait was made better JUST for that dish!  My sis had requested a more rare piece, and the attentive waiter quickly went and found a piece just perfect for her.  Their sides were average, didnt care for the cream of spinach or the glazed carrots, although the black beans were good.. I honestly could have done without the sides and head straight for the meat!  

the salad served was great- didnt want to fill up too much on the bread though - saving room for the meat.  

ordered two drinks a mojito and a samba punch.. mojito $10, punch $11.75.  The punch was nearly four times the size of the mojito!  worth it?  YES!

service was really outstanding- they were very very friendly, casual and not too overbearing in your face about eating.  great service, not bad food either!  dont know if i will return there as most the meat dishes were dry, so thats why the 3-star rating; however, if it were for the sirloin.. a full five stars!
Had the all-you-can-eat experience and was quite happy with the results.  

Yay for the flank steak (had like 5 servings), the bacon-wrapped turkey and the hawaiian chicken.  The sides were pretty good as well.  The rice and beans and fried plantains were decent.  However, it was all about the meat!  And the caipirinhas!!!
Although I am fan of Fogo de Chao, this one was not so bad. The meats were tender and juicy and the sides were pretty good. Although I did not drink that night others did and let me tell you that the drinks were HUGE! You definitely get your $10.95 worth and will only need one. YOWZA!
I forgot that I took clients here last year. Here's my disclaimer. We're a Brasilian family, and I'm in and around traditional, and excellent, Brasilian foods on a regular basis. My coffee avocation and my wife's family food businesses in Brasil have trained me well as an American married to a Brasilian. This is not traditional Brazilian churrascaria. However, it was a relaxing dining experience that included, as I remember, OK food. We got a nice booth in the back of the restaurant. For seating I'd give that evening a3 stars, but for food, probably 2 stars only because it wasn't traditional, and we could have gone to so many other fine dining establishments off the strip.

(for more info on Brazilian BBQ's, see my review of Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas)
We did Samba before we went and saw Love on 8/20. Samba sits right by the Revolution Lounge near the Mirage bank of elevators. It is a fun place and a good spot to people watch! We had the Rodizio (they bring a variety of bbq'd meats to your table) and it was great. I loved most of the selections (which never happens at Rodizio) and they even made it a point to get my husband the well done cuts he loves (very nice). The sides are bit different (creamed spinach, carrots, plantains and rice and beans), but I tried them all and there wasn't a bad one in the bunch. Service was great and the experience was a good one! Try it!
We went here to celebrate my mom's birthday and I wanted to pick a restaurant for her that wasn't too pricey and something that we've never tried before.  It's been almost 3 years since I've eaten here, so things might changed since then.  What I do remember though was meat, meat, and more meat!  This was my first exposure to Brazilian BBQ, so I found the Rodizio experience to be little overwhelming, but fun nonetheless.  My favorites were the turkey and the pork (I forgot what they were called but that what I can remember off hand).  It was only $31 back then, not sure how much it costs now but I can imagine it costing a whole lot more.  At that price though, for the large amount of meat we consumed, it was worth every dollar.  The restaurant itself is very cozy and great for people watching since it's right in the middle of the Mirage casino and the service that we got was top notch as we were always approached by the meat waiters when our 'light' was green.

There weren't many places like this along the strip back then from what I recall, because now I'm seeing a lot more churrascaria houses along the Strip, making me wonder if Samba was the catalyst for all of them popping up.  Great dining experience though.
I'm wanting to giving it four stars and find myself surprised-- it was a last minute decision and haven't heard much hype about this place, but it delivered! 

Samba's dining room half moons into the end of the casino near the Beatles bar, right near the poker table games, near the guest elevators. It's elevated a bit and not smokey if that is a concern. 

We all ordered the Rodizio and house salad. The salad was delightfully chilled to perfection, with an amazing house dressing. Perfectly dressed, I became excited. I mean, the salad is really incredible. 

The selection of meats presented to us were fantastic, everything super tasty and perfectly cooked.  The turkey shined, but I kept going back for the steak. The sides are the basic moves for a brasil inspired steakhouse on the Las Vegas strip, but you know what? They were all awesome. Nothing looked plopped into a last minute steamer or microwave, and they certainly didn't taste like that.

When Samba opened it was a trendy hard to get into joint, and I wasn't really into the menu. But I not only gave it a whirl, I loved it. And it's a fantastic bargain.  Super friendly, but attentive service. Extremely clean environ as well. If you get a table near the half moon, some pretty good people watching as well.

You'll leave stuffed here if you give it a chance. For those that imbibe, the raves about the drinks were endless.  

The food just keeps coming here, it's like a great summer bbq where a master is cooking all sorts of different things to try, fresh off the charcoal grill. 

It's really a 3 star destination, but I want to throw in the extra star for the overwhelming value. The ingredients from the salad to the plantains and the quality of steak (choice) plus whatever goes into that creamed spinach left all of us feeling like we found a modern day Vegas Bargain. The ingredients and execution were ON-- what more can you ask for??

Us foodie snobs loved this place. I can't wait to be back! 

Reservations: Not usually necessary.  If you have a tram pass, take it to Harrah's and cross the street. Dress is casual, but you won't feel out of place if you do it business casual.  Shorts and hats are okay, but they may make you take off that baseball cap.  Service: Warm, and fun, but not over the top (no "flare" worn by the staff)  Very clean.   Probably a fun place for teenagers early in the evening. Got a bit rowdy (in a good way) later in the evening when we ate, with everyone clamoring for the hustling meat runners.   Tee hee

Try it!
I had dinner at Samba with several friends on Monday.

Ribeye: 2.5/5 - The steak was cooked medium. However, it was dry and lacked flavor. It comes with a dipping sauce which it really needs for flavor.
Samba Salad: 4/5
Service: 3/5 - The problem with rodizio restaurants is the server tends to disappear many times.
Ambience: 3.5/5
If you like to eat and are worried about not having enough in one meal? Go to Samba... soooooooooooo much food that I didnt know what to do with it all. I went for the all you can eat $38 meatapalooza and boyfriend got the sirloin. I really didnt feel like the quality of the the meal was to par with the price of the meal but there were definitely some tasty tidbits. The ginger beef was super yummy but some of the other meat choices lacked flavor. This restaurant was convenient to our evening show but I dont know that I would go back again when there are so many better options in Vegas.
My first trip to Samba was four years ago, and it stuck in my mind. That being said, I made reservations for last Friday, Nov 13. 

Service was fantastic. Table was great. $60 for dinner for me with a couple of drinks is a lot, so I expected a lot.

It was a great meal, didn't disappoint. Not sure if its worth $38 for the all you can eat meat entree that I had. Tasty, but pricey.
Maybe it was the company, but I had a wonderful time at this place. It's pretty cut and dry the meats were well cooked and marinated and the sides were fulfilling from the rice, creamed spinach to the salad. The drinks were great! Fun lively atmosphere since it's inside the casino area. I would definitely go here again. And yes, it always makes a difference who your dinner date is.
We stayed at the Mirage for our honeymoon and ate at Sambas. Great atmosphere and we had prompt service with great waiters.  My wife and I are carnivores....and as mentioned, IF YOU LIKE MEAT, this is the place for you.  The Flank steak was killer, the Salad was great, and they give you this piece of wood with a green top and a red bottom.  Green means GO which means bring on the meat!! Red means STOP! Which means, i'm good with what I got, i'll flip it to green when i'm ready.  We both got the all you can eat.  I believe it was $40 a person, but damn well worth it.  We're from Oregon, and we have nice places to eat in Portland and other areas that we love, but the taste of the food at Sambas was wonderful.  Next time we go back to Vegas We're eating there at least twice haha.  Viva sambas!!!!
Came here because me and a couple of girlfriends were short on time before going to see a show.  I had never even heard of a Brazilian Steakhouse. WHAT? Holy fat girl, this is a dream come true...all you can eat and I don't even have to get my ass out of the seat? I am in love! But sadly....not so much.  I will most def try another Brazilian Steakhouse but with all the great places to eat in Vegas - I'd vote to skip Samba.  We had the all you can eat and my favorite part was the salad and bread. Our meats just weren't that great - they all seemed pretty dry. I do love the concept though. We also told the manager each time he came by to check on us that we were in a hurry to catch the show right after we eat and would love our check (we asked right after ordering).  That never happened.  In the end we gave a card before our bill and said WE HAVE TO GO.  Really, that was annoying.
Meat lovers? This is your place to eat! AYCE style food the offer all types of meat such as Turkey wrapped with bacon, beef, chicken, Fish, sausage, pork all types of meat. Its 34.95 if your tired of the vegas buffet give this place a try.
My dinner guest had been here before and told me that the last time she was here, they were a bit stingy on coming by and offering up the different meats... that was not the case this time!

It seemed like every 3 to 5 minutes there was someone standing next to me with a meat pole and a knife ready to fill up my plate. From the ribs to the flank steak to the pork with a pineapple slice - it was a meat fest all around. Great service and quality food.

Warning: don't fill up on all the sides they bring out before the meat starts being slinged.... You'll want the belly room for desert. Enjoy!
Went on a Sunday night.
It was ok.  Food was fine and so was the service. 
My husband and I had the Rodizio experience, an all you can eat setup with a variety of Brazilian meats and sides. 
Some were good, others were burnt, and some were bad without an excuse.  We each tried one of their Brazilian-themed cocktails, and having spent $20 for the two, it would have been a better investment if I threw the cash in a slot machine and got a free beer.
For $40 a person, go to a buffet somewhere else.
If you're a vegetarian, stay away! This is a meat lover's paradise Brazilian style located at the Mirage.  All of us ordered the Rodizio all-you-can-eat rice, beans, creamed spinach. and a huge assortment of grilled meats.  The rice and beans were spicy and alive with flavor while the meats (from chicken to flank steak to sirloin to pork loin and more) were juicy and rare.  The Brazilian Caipirinha cocktail was refreshing and fabulous.

Hint: Don't fill up on the bread and intro salad - the best is yet to come.  10+ types of grilled meat for $38.95 per person. 

Bem Feito!
Love Samba!!!

Great price and amazing food!  Brazilian Steakhouses can be too expensive.  Samba is perfect, and doesnt sacrifice quality.  

Love the sides; cream spinach, black beans and rice, glazed carrots, chim-churri sauce..  Tons of great meats.  Excellent Mojitos!

If youre in Vegas and want to pound down some protein, this is the place!

Looking forward to be back!
We were comped a meal here after a dealer at the Mirage made a racist comment to one of my friends at the Black Jack table.  The food was really good and the service was ok.  THe staff was attentive, but not many options other than meat at this place, which can get overwhelming.  Overall a pretty good place.
Where can I start ? Gosh this place deserves all the 5 stars. I went here with my boyfriend and i toughed it up and ordered the all you can eat meat. Gosh. We had a secret plan of not eating the salad or the bread because of course everyone says its a "trick" to make you full. Well...that plan did not go through. The bread was delicious. The salad was so good. The plantains were so orgasmic. 

Then here comes the meat! I got so excited my eyes glowed like Dumbos. I loved seeing the meat in a stick. Yum. I could never be a vegetarian. I ate everything until I went on a food coma. After eating at this place.....we took a nap for a couple hours. The adventure is totally worth it. 

I loved it and I will never forget it. Everything was so tasty. 

Orgasmic. 

I love SAMBA
Just a tip, if you don't like a lot of salt, don't take an end cut of any of the meats. Ask your server to cut from where the outside edge is missing. That way you don't get so much salt. 

I found the food pretty good otherwise. And it is definitely worth trying a bite or two of the side dishes. I especially liked the plantains.
om nom nom, sooo good!
If your craving meat, and a lot of it; this is the place for you.
We were going to head to Jet that night so we figured, lets eat at the Mirage since we're going to party here anyways. A friend suggested Samba, and we all agreed. 
They have none stop incoming meats. You have this piece of wood with red and green painted on each side to tell the waiter if you want them to keep the meat coming or to stop. 
Every 5 or so minutes a different waiter came with a different selection of meats, each one better then the previous. 
They're sangrias are also to die for. 
All that meat was an excellent drinking base for the heavy drinking that went on that night too! 
WOOP VEGAS!
We've done the Brazilian Steakhouse thing before and were blown away but here...I would say it's okay.  I'm glad we got discount tickets at Tix4Dinner first...that made it a bit easier.  The salad bar was nice and had some decent things on it.  Some of the meats were good, others were a bit dry.  My husband LOVED the pineapple especially.  The first filet I had was dry, the second offerring was better.  They were pretty good about coming around regularly with the meat...especially when we were long past done.  I wish I could say I was blown away by the experience but really it was just a good meal with some decent selections.
Great good
Mediocre. The all-you-can-eat was largely flavorless, at least on the beef side.  Flank steak and sirloin were essentially tasteless and a bit tough.  Most disappointing was the difficulty getting the waiter to come back with the meat.  I guess it's all you can eat if you can find it.
Since I have been low-carbing it lately, SBS seemed like the perfect choice to get our nosh on while we commemorated 20 years of marriage.  We were right.  Lots of protein options which were all pretty tasty, except the lamb and chicken were quite dry. Their house salad was wonderful.  Service was pretty good.  Overall, a fun dining experience ... but I think Yoli's does Brazil better.
A friend of mine told me I should check this place out next time Im in Vegas. Seeing that she was a food enthusiast, I didnt really question her suggestion and tried this place out.

I love meat as a whole so this place was like heaven for me! Nonstop meat! nonstop goodness!! 
Their meat was perfectly seasoned and the service was awesome too. 
We had sangrias that were also pretty amazing.

I really liked one of the meats (forgot what it was called) but when my waiter realized this he kept that same kind coming and coming....and COMING! 
delicious is all I have to say.

We were a party of 4 and with 4 all you can eat meats, sangrias and appetizers it came out to about $200...not bad for such an awesome meal in vegas.
Just OK.  OK service, OK food.  Kind of bland everything and the meats were all pretty dry & boring.  Only 2 beef items, flank & sirloin.  The best thing was the oversized Brazilian Punch cocktail.  Overall, it's just too much $ for just OK.
Worth EVERY penny!  Be sure to not eat a big lunch before going!

The price includes:  
1) An unlimited salad, side dish, breads/rolls, and dessert buffet.  Delicious choices.  It is hard not to fill up on just this part!
2) Unlimited BBQ meats. The meat servers walk around the restaurant with various BBQ meats (my favorite was the ham and pineapple) and stop at your table to offer you each of the 6+ types of meat.  They carve you a portion and return every few minutes to offer more/different meats.
3) We paid extra for the surf/turf option and were brought additional servings.  While I enjoyed it, I wouldn't pay extra for this option because there is so much other food to enjoy.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!

If you go here before a show, remember to take your time....because honey, you want to stick around for the all you can eat MEAT!!!!

My boyfriend an I "shared" the $40 meat fest....not in the rules to share, but he would slip me pieces of meat when he got his share. It was magic. 

Flank steak? Yes, please! Lamb? Don't mind if I do. Bacon wrapped turkey? Um YES!

It was incredibly filling and ridiculously good. 

We also order the crab cakes to make it look like I wasn't sharing, pretty clever, eh? Those were awesome as well.......no filler, just crab and a bit of seasoning, crab was the star of this show!

And yes, we enjoyed a pitcher of sangria as well.

They give you a wooden block that has one side painted green, and one side is red (to indicated whether you want more meat) Keep it green and make your stomach happy!
Good foods and Great service. Get the all you can eat meat.  Ask for Laura to be your server. She is the best. Will be back again when in Vegas.
The only reason this place doesn't get 1 star is they have comfy seating.  

We saw our waiter very seldom through out this joke of a meal.  I've been to many good Brazilian steakhouses before, and this isn't one of them.  

I saw some of the waiters bring the meat around to other tables, and it didn't look like anything exceptional.  We decided to order a few appetizers and drinks, and then figure out if we would go all-you-can-eat.
  
$9-$12 each:

Beef Empenadas - 

Grisly, greasy bits of beef hide away in a decent pastry pocket.  The pastry was very good, having a nice crispy bite to it.  The problem was the horrific gruel that poured out.  

Chicken Skewers - 

Similar to chinese chicken samples given away in a mall, this fatty and flavorless skewer was awful.  We left most of it untouched.

Crab Cakes - 

Tons of mayonnaise and dry cakes made this equally unpleasant.  

We opted not to order anything else.  When our waiter finally arrived, we paid our bill and left.  

This Cheesy tourist trap has none of the frills a good Brazilian Steakhouse should have (salad bar, good service, succulent meats) but most of the price ($39.99 a person)
RODIZIO! WOW, I don't even know where to start. Seeing as how I lived in Rio de Janeiro for 4 years I feel like I know good churrasco when I see it, and Samba is good churrasco! The product is to die for, the meats are perfectly cooked and seasoned, the fresh mozzarella is fab, and the little golden secret is their green garlic sauce... GOLD! I put that stuff on everything! Granted I love love love garlic, so if you're not a garlic fan you may not be as nuts about it as I am but it was literally to die for. The sides are delicious also, beans and rice, creamed spinach, etc. My only complaint about Samba are the pao de queijos or cheese breads don't taste authentic, the center should be soft and buttery and it was hard and somewhat grainy. Only because I think they were trying to make a 
"gourmet" version of the cheese breads but really you just have to go with tradition! Also, the capirinhas which are a traditional Brazilian mixed drink were delicious and very large, even for big drinkers one will give you serious bang for your buck. I promise you will love Samba, so go!
The lamb was sooooooo delicious! This was a decent Brazilian BBQ place, considering you're in a huge tourist city.

The service was a little slow, but seriously, just have no shame and flag them down and ask 'em to come by again and again and again.

Drinks were reasonably priced for LV, too. I recommend it!
Good service. Good food. All you can eat meat is worth the $39 which imo is a great deal.
-Great Service
-Amazing Steaks
-Great environment for those looking for a more intimate dinner
-Order the endless meal. This is the best way to try all of their best meats.
-Come hungry!
This place gets 3 stars for okay service and a large price tag for the all you can eat Brazilian meats. The cost is $50/ person but i guess Vegas is not cheep. The servers come to your table and bring the metal roasted skewered meats to your plates and carve them right there, but our servers waited a very long time between meats (poor service which saved them money by making us full through the wait). The meats were tasty and good: lime citrus sirloin, roasted lamb that didn't taste gamey, citrus flavored roasted chicken etc. They also start you off with a great tasting fresh salad and some side dishes of black beans, rice, etc. We came to this place because it was a Bobby Flay themed restaurant. I'm not a fan of Bobby Flay so my expectations were not high, but the taste of the food and the texture and freshness of the meats were better than expected. In summary great food (not the highest of quality meats because it wasn't rib eye), steep price, and not very good service...
Where do I begin..? Bland tasting meats, terrible service and over priced food. Salad was good, but it was all you can eat and they never offered a second helping. Asked the waiter (that took 10 minutes to greet us) for second helping but didn't see him again for 20 minutes. Meats were bland. They didn't even have enough salt be pepper on them and the tops had no rub or sauce on them at all. Almost walked out half way through. Don't get a alcoholic drink there bc there over priced and you probably won't get it until after your done eating. 
WILL NEVER GO BACK
took 10-15min to get a water refill
This is the worst Brazilian BBQ I have ever had....and I have eaten at many of the best in Brazil and Miami. The meat was poor and not authentic brazilian BBQ cuts. The sides were even worse. I love sweet, fried plantains but the ones they served were not even edible. Don't bother to eat here.
Had a networking meeting/dinner here tonight.  Very, very good food.  The flank steak and especially the lamb were delicious.  I enjoyed the salad and the service was solid.
I've eaten at Samba's at the Mirage annually for the past 10 or so years, and I wouldn't miss it while in Vegas (or the Carnegie Deli at the Mirage)! I LOVE everything I've eaten at Samba's, from the bread (similar to a popover, delicious) to the salad (I don't know what the dressing is, but it's mighty tasty), and the meats & sides are all so good, I literally eat till it hurts!

I agree with some other reviewers, the service is sometimes a little slow ( a common complaint at MANY restaurants), but it's well worth it for the excellent quality food they serve here.  Go once, and I'm sure you'll add it to your list of must-visit restaurants whenever you're in Vegas!

P.S.  One final comment about service at this and so many, many restaurants.  What is it about servers that once they take your order, they all congregate in the kitchen area and chat with eachother instead of walking around seeing if anyone needs anything?  I can't tell you how often this happens to me (not just at Samba but at nearly every restaurant that I dine at).  I really wish that more servers would get the hint that they need to walk around and notice if customers are looking around, trying to get someone's attention.  Even if you're not in their "section" all servers should be on the lookout for empty beverages, customers needing something, etc.  Nothing can take the wind out of the sails of a great dining experience like waiting around for your waiter!
Skewers of grilled meat, normally a good thing. However Samba just doesn't pull it together. The beef is okay, but the lamb (usually a highlight at Brazilian Steakhouses was disappointing and way over done. 

Our server disappeared and left us without water refills here in the desert.

The Caipirinhas were fine which is the only redeeming quality of the meal. 

To top the dinner off the servers wanted to go home and did a quick flash of the house lights to get us to go.

Not up to par with the Mirage.
Came here a couple years back.....REALLY expensive, but a really good food, problem is, is that you gotta drink there and i wasn't old enough during that time.
I've read some not-so-great reviews on this place, and I must say it has to be based on unfortunate coincidence. The experience is fun, food is delicious... the service can be better but it wasn't horrible. I happened to be with great company, which makes it even better (: My advice to you... do not go here unless you're ready to EAT, otherwise you're not taking full advantage of what the place offers. 

We all ordered the all-you-can-eat (of course..., that should really be the only option for anybody). As they walked around with the food, there were only 1 or 2 options that I didn't really care for because it was a bit dry for my tasting or too salty; however, the rest were fantastic! The lamb was my favorite, and I loved how their medium-rare steak was actually medium-rare! Melts right in your mouth (:  The side dishes are also key factors: the rice and beans, sweet potato, etc... reminds me of Korean-style dining where the side dishes can be constantly refilled and they certainly add a great variety to dinner. 

Overall, I recommend this place. I will be trying more Brazilian steakhouses throughout the city that are perhaps more reasonably priced... but I can't bash on Samba for being a tad on the $$ side because it's located in a casino on the strip. Definitely check this place out as a tourist, or you're conveniently on the strip... just bring an empty stomach ;)
SAMBA BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSE
If you're tired of all the endless buffets in Las Vegas, stop by Samba in the Mirage for either the Brazilian all-you-can-at meatfest or simply, a delicious Brazilian dinner. The ambiance is quite nice here, as red is the dominant color. We sat at the bar right before the BEATLES LOVE show and had a fantastic dinner of pork chops and salmon. Eat entree comes with large sides, including sweet potatoes, plantaines, black beans, etc. The portions were absolutely huge!!! Just the sides alone constitute a meal in itself. The sweet chutney sauce on the pork chops was wonderful! Service was top-notch, as they rushed our order so we could get to the show. Next time, time to try the meatfest!!!
Meat, meat, and more meat.  The service picked up from a slow start.  Most appropriate for a pack of males roving the strip, a bachelorette party, or feeding hungry teenagers.  I wouldn't walk very far for this place, but after a long day at a green felt table or sports book, do you really want more?
This was the first brazilian steakhouse I ever tried in Vegas so it will always play a special roll in my heart.  The food is outrageous....  Must go to this place if you like meat!
I ordered the $39.99 all you can eat meat; all of the meats were very dry!! The worst of the worst was the lamb, dry as hell and very gamey tasting. The worst lamb I've ever had. The acceptable items were the flank steak and the turkey wrapped in bacon, but not by much. 

Don't wast your time, money, or the opportunity to eat somewhere else.
I do agree with others that the service is quite lacking. We had a large party of 8 and it took forever for the waitstaff to even take our drink orders. We weren't in a rush though, so it was tolerable. After overindulging, I'm less eager to return. Me + AYCE meat = indigestion. 

But if I do, I'll go straight for the fried plantains, flank steak and the lamb. Their specialty drinks and desserts are forgettable. I would grab these somewhere else.
You have some opportunities to eat some unique foods here, and can spend an fortune if you want to... Of the foods I've had elsewhere (Hamachi, Tunu, Sushi Rolls) this place does not stack up well.. However, I was able to get a very wide variety of offerings, including kobe beef which we cooked at our table on a heated rock... very cool.  IMO, I think this place is best if you have wads of cash and want to impress some drunken business clients...You should start by ordering some very expensive wine and sake, get them loosened up, and then they won't mind so much their well presented by mostly bland offerings.
This place is a definite no-go.  The steak is just bad.  In a city of great steakhouses, there is no excuse for such rubbery, bland, cheap steak.  The rest of the food is similarly disappointing.  And it's so overpriced!  Save yourself and go elsewhere, please.
Food was quite good, but service was not.

We ordered the "Caveman's Delight"  (all-you-can-eat meat).  Some of the meats were very good, some so-so, some no-so great.  Overall, the food was satisfying and we enjoyed watching the trolls playing slots just beyond the comfy confines of the restaurant.

The service started out promising and the meat servers were more than generous with their offerings.  

Unfortunately, the service began going down hill about midway through our meal and turned downright poor as we finishing.  It was like our waiter had left for home in the middle of our meal.  BTW, the service was not nearly as pathetic as OTTO (over at the Venetian), but could be much better.

I might try it again, but probably not. 

Bottom line: If you've had a bunch of drinks during the day at The Mirage pool and don't feel like venturing far from the hotel,  this may be a good choice (especially if you like meat, but are not a meat snob).
I'm not sure where all the negative reviews are coming from, but my husband and I had an amazing time at Samba!  We chose to try out Samba's all-you-can-eat rodizio for our anniversary dinner, and we were not disappointed.  The sides that arrived first (black beans, rice, glazed carrots, fried sweet plantains, salad, bread, creamed spinach) were all delicious.  Then came the meat parade!  All I can say is...wow.  It seemed like each meat that came out was better than the last.  The only two misses for me were the pork (which was quite a bit dry and lacking on the flavor) and the garlic chicken legs (also a bit dry and very average tasting).  The pineapple that came with the pork was delicious, though!  My favorites overall were the lamb, the sirloin, and the chicken wings.  The flavors on these three were exquisite!  The lamb and the sirloin positively melted in my mouth.  Even my usually hard to please husband gave Samba a two thumbs up sort of review.

There were lots of delicious sounding drinks on the menu, but we stuck with just water for dinner.  I would definitely recommend Samba to others going to Vegas, and I will probably be there again on my next vacation!
The food was ok for the price.  Comparing to other brazillian steakhouses, the price was on par and Samba's didn't have the Vegas casino inflation price, about $40 per person after everything.  

The best part of the meal was the flank steak and the lamb.  The chimichurri sauce was great with the flank steak.  Also the frilled pineapple and pork (especially the pineapple) were something to not pass up.
A good Brazilian BBQ place at the Mirage and surprisingly not that expensive for Vegas ($39). All the meats were very good especially the turkey wrapped in bacon and the chicken with garlic bread. The bread they come out with prior to the meal was not that great .but the salads and sides were very good (the plantains being especially delicious). The waitress was a little slow with the service but the meat guys kept coming quickly with food. Definitely worth dining here.
The food was good.  Not awesome, but good nonetheless.  The bread is  awesome.  And the garlic dip for the bread is extremely tasty!  Compared to other brazillian steakhouses, the  meats were not overly flavorful.

The cocktails were very generous and tasty!  Overall a good dinner.
This place was OUTSTANDING. Well worth the price. My husband and I both loved it. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was great. We had a great time! We would definitely eat here again.
Great food, great prices for the all you can eat! Service is on the good side, but it was very busy & they try to please all customers. If your on strip, walking and not driving, then Samba's is the place to eat! It's kinda of the best of everything but of coarse you can find just a little better but you got to drive out. but for the strip, this is it! Ate here for the first time with my friends on my bachlor party night and then a few months later, I took my wife here to try and she love's it.
id give this place no stars if i could,  the food was downright awful, the sides they give you to go along with the meats like the cream spinach, plantains, and carrots were basically not edible, we started to joke about how bad the meal was not one person in our party thought it was any good.   the meats were mostly over cooked and very bland, the one thing i enjoyed was the pineapple not the pork that came with it just the pineapple. and the flank steak when not overcooked was actually OK as for the rest just terrible i will never go to this restaurant again and would never recommend it to anyone
I just had the opportunity to dine at Samba Grill again 2 days ago and the food was as great as ever!  I love everything here, from the delicious bread with unusual dipping sauces they start you out with, to the Brazilian salad and of course the meats.  This time, I opted for the Rodizio experience and really enjoyed the flavors of all the meats I tried.  Their creamed spinach is some of the best I've ever found anywhere (I'm always looking for great creamed spinach, Samba's is pretty much the benchmark standard in my book). 

I also love the carmelized plantains and candied carrots they serve, and like that all the sides are all-you-can-eat, sorta like going to a buffet but not having to get up and go get your food!  I've made it a point to dine here every time I'm in Vegas for the past 12 years since I discovered this place.  Enjoy!
Samba Brazilian Steakhouse is like the Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to Long Beach and Bay Area. Meaning, it's nothing special, but if you are in the mood to eat lots of different types of meat on the strip, this is the place. I believe the all you can eat option of BBQ is around $40 before tax and tip. 

The meat that I rather enjoyed were the flank, pork and pineapple, and lamb. Everything else, is what you expect, chicken is chicken. Sirloin is sirloin.
Caipirinhas and endless meat - why would I ever leave?

This was my first exposure to Brazilian style dining and I've had many since, including in Sao Paulo itself.  I've been here a number of times and have never been disappointed.  Like the buffets LV is legendary for, but differing in 3 ways:
1. You never have to get up to get another portion - the food comes to you!
2. Much classier ambiance and clientele
3. Better grade of meats and seafood

The caipirinhas are a great start and authentic ( and potent) - keep'em coming.  The meats are fresh and tender.  Truly a great meal every time.
This place is essentially your standard all you can eat Brazilian meat buffet.  I made the mistake of partaking in the bread, thereby filling me up substantially before the meat festivities began. I couldn't help it though, because that chimichurri sauce that comes served with the bread was so garlicky and delicious.

By the time the servers came around, I was nearly full from appetizers alone. Yes, I know I made the one cardinal mistake that one is not supposed to do when eating at an establishment such as this, but I have a weakness for the chimichurri which, by the way, goes great on the sirloin and lamb cuts.
I feel a tad deceptive rating this place since we only had breakfast there but I would avoid this place at all costs.  It had to be a new venue for them because nothing could be this bad and survive.  

Total chaos amongst the staff, dishes took way too long to appear before you and when they did, they were cold.  

Obviously, this place has never heard that breakfast is the most important meal.....
With a group of 9. Those that ordered the All-you-can-eat meat ($40) probably had the best meal. 4 of our party ordered steaks off the menu and, as others have stated, they were thin, over-cooked and pretty tasteless. They were supplied with a couple of sauces to give them some flavor. 

The cream spinach was OK and the fried plantains weren't too bad. Bread wasn't much. 

Service was OK, but not outstanding. Quite noisy, but it is open to casino. 

All in all, not so great, for the price. Steaks were $34 and there is a $10 plate charge for sharing entrees (not allowed on all-you-can-eat). Tab was $600 for 9 people.

Over-priced, as is every place in the Mirage.

For the $$, you can certainly geet a much better meal elsewhere.
Surprisingly good. The meats all have interesting favors, and are properly cooked. I love not waiting for food also.  The Brazilian steakhouse style is always fun. And I expected it to be somehow cheesier in Vegas. But it was actually really good. The lamb was outstanding, and the chicken leg was way better than I expected. Give it a whirl before going to the Beatles show.
Horrible service. Had Brazilian buffet or whatever they think it is. Waited long for the first course. An then waited 30 minutes for the check and we didn't even get the desert! Manager rude and didn't greet us and greeted everyone I mean everyone but us! And we were overcharged. Needless to say it was the worst service I recieved and I'm from LA! Never again and the food was not great at all. Go to another restaurant like BLT
I had visited the Samba Grill six years ago and looked forward to the experience.  However, it was NOT the same experience.  We were being seved at 8 pm on a Tuesday evening.
I had the "All You Can Eat" food on the swords.
All swords were barely warm, and the meats were dried out as if they had been cooked some time ago or reheated.  Mind you this is for a $40 per person entree.
I will not return to this restaurant.  There are SO MANY new restaurants, beautiful facilities, I will not gamble having another bad meal here.
Meh.....

A group of 7 men in Vegas looking to eat cheap. How about an all you can eat meat fest?  I promise, it's not as gay as it sounds. 

The service was painfully slow and inefficient. The side dishes were okay, but nothing spectacular. The meat selections were varied but they took forever to bring the skewers around. Most of the meat was fatty and a cheaper cut. It was all decent, but nothing special.  The top sirloin, however, was awesome. 

The best part was a $200 error on our bill. They actually forgot to put 5 entrees on the tab. Pretty sweet.
We made reservations here for our anniversary.  First of all, it is not intimate at all.  I felt like I was seating at Denny's or ihop with people 2 feet to my side in the booth.  We couldn't even focus on our conversation because you couldn't help but have the tables conversation next to you interrupting you.  It is right off the casino and not a separate restaurant so it is smoky.

Here's a recap:
SERVICE- VERY slow.  Wait staff not very knowledgeable.  I asked for carrots and they didn't bring them out to me until 40 minutes later when I asked for the 3rd time.

FOOD- Meat very bland.  Side dishes, ok.  Chimichurri sauce was very good.

LOCATION - Bad.

OVERALL VALUE- Horrible.
This was very unique/different dining experience I had ever had. Depending what you order the all you can eat is the most popular item on the menu. It really means all you can eat meat, but not all you can eat side dishes it includes. 

  The bread they gave us was different. It looked like small mini biscuits topped with cheese, even though it was small it's pretty satisfying. Also came with round thick crackers, which I wasn't so crazy about. It came with two different sauces. First one looked like salsa, but tasting it had a entirely different flavor with a kick of black pepper that made it really good. I liked the 2nd sauce that contained a lot of oil, spices and garlic especially. As for the salad part, I was told that a traditional Brazilian steakhouse usually comes with an all you can eat salad bar. Apparently I was disappointed that they only had pre tossed salad, and was really looking forward to the all you can eat salad buffet. Pre tossed salad was alright, it was creamy but a little bit bland to my taste. 

For the all-you-can-eat-meat part this is what I tried:
Sausages- this was the highlight out of all the meats I tried. Inside wasn't so packed,
                     but it was so flavorful and ended up getting 2nds afterwards.
Top Sirloin- It had a great flavor to it and was cooked to medium rare. I thought it 
                      could've been a little bit more rare, but the seasoning on the top made
                      up for it.
Turkey Wrapped Bacon- It was alright, turkey was lean and tasted well with the 
                                             bacon.
Chicken drumstick- I really liked how well marinated it was, not only from the outside
                                    of the chicken but the inside as well. For every bite you tasted,
                                    it always had so much flavor. It is really tender as well.
Garlic Bread- yes  grilled garlic bread! this was my 2nd favorite! the bread was soft
                        not hard at all.

As for the side dishes it included, out of all I loved the plantains! it was sweet and glazed with some syrupy sauce. Creamy spinach reminded me a lot like spinach souffle, but it tastes entirely different and much creamier. Glazed carrots was new for me, it was sweet and almost tasted like candied yams. Black beans and Rice was so-so, and a little bland. 

Service I have to agree with everyone on here, it's really SLOW. You have to sorta plan ahead if you want faster service. The waitress however is really nice, she really took care of us. Only bummer is that this restaurant is an open area, a few steps away from the slots so don't bother with having a quiet conversation here.
I first had Samba in 2005. My husband and I eat here almost every trip to Las Vegas. I have had family members order off the menu and they enjoyed their meals, but rodizio Is the way to go here. You start with a salad and bread. Then they bring out your side items: glazed carrots, plantains, creamed spinach, rice and beans. I love the carrots and plantains. The typical meat offerings are sausages, chicken wings, bacon-wrapped turkey, sirloin steak, flank steak, lamb, teriyaki chicken, pork and pineapple. The pork and pineapple is my favorite part. The pineapple is honey glazed before they cook it and it is fantastic! Definitely the highlight. They also have garlic bread and vegetables now. It is pricey at about $35 per person but go hungry because it is worth it.
I wasn't impressed with my food.  The only reason I am giving it 3 stars was because the friends I was dining with enjoyed their food.  One of my friends sent back her grouper because it was disgustingly fishy, but loved the new dish she got.  The talk of the table was how great the 2 all you can eat meat on a sword dishes were.  
I had the Brazilian Spiced Pork.  My food was "ehhh"
Service was not good.
Overall, not bad, but I've had better.
Everything here was pretty bland for my taste, from the service to the food.  Went tonight for a business type dinner.  Convenient since I was staying at the Mirage, but next time we'll venture out a bit.  When you go to Fogo De Chao they have a lot more selection of meats.  Samba has about 7 or 8 different items and they're all kind of "warmed up" tasting, meaning they have been cooked, brought out....reheated and served again which fine as long as it doesn't taste that way, if that makes sense.  The meat for the most part was unseasoned and needed something to kick it up a notch on the flavor.
The salad was terrible, and the creamed spinach again, was not seasoned at all.  We're in Las Vegas and there's a great restaurant within 100 feet of wherever you are, most likely.  Go somewhere else.
So while we were in Vegas my husband and I went to dinner with my stepson. He and his friend had been there before and love this place.  I want you to keep in mind I am a girl, and if I had to list my favorite foods, meat in general does not really top the list.  Ok with that in mind here goes.  The food is 39.95 a plate (per person) and this amount does not take into account drinks or tax.

So this is one of those experiences that you really should try at least once.  The wait staff was very attentive and the atmosphere is dark, but nice.  It is inside the Mirage and there is a Casino and Nightclub right by, so if you are looking for a quiet place, you just might want to go elsewhere.  So when you get seated the waiter of course takes your drink orders and then describes how the process works.  For people who have no idea this is a necessary step.  So though I cannot explain the entire experience I will try to sum it up.  We ordered the All you can eat Rodizio Experience, and experience it is! The main course is meat, which is served on the skewer, and this is like no skewer you have ever seen!  The guy serving our group was almost the same size as the skewer..lol.  There is a huge variety of meat to choose from, they have the following (that I can remember):  sausage, turkey, pork, chicken, lamb, chicken with pineapple, top sirloin, rib eye, and flank steak.  I think I am missing something because honestly by the end of it all you are in a "meat coma" LoL.

Rodizio is the ultimate all you can eat barbecue, offering unlimited portions of marinated meats and poultry. Rodizio is a uniquely Brazilian style of barbecue offering a wide variety of flavors. Each course is skewered and slowly roasted over coals in a special Brazilian rotisserie. These items are served in random order along with traditional side dishes of black beans and rice, sweet fried plantains, creamed spinach, farofa carrots, and a bottomless bowl of "Samba Salad" tossed tableside.

They do have grilled veggies as well on the skewers, which are amazing as well.  The flavors are all very unique, and I am VERY glad we ate here.  The boys ate LOTS of meat, but I swear I don't think I even tried it all...it was just crazy amounts of food.  Come with an empty stomach and a full wallet : )  It is a truly unique experience that everyone should try at least once in your life!!
my friends and I went to this place because we were craving Brazilian food. we were very disappointed. this is not brazilian food. The rodizio was nasty. no flavor at all in the meat. They even use bbq sauce on the flank steak which brazilians dont. We also ordered a pitcher of caipirinha. Horrible caipirinha i had. they used mojito mix on it. If you want to eat brazilian food in vegas, you should search for another place. Samba steakhouse is not a good place to eat.
Every time I'm in Vegas I make a point to go here, I love the food, and the staff are always amazing. If your planning on drinking expect to spend at least $100 for 2. I have never had a bad meal here, even with large groups they manage to keep your plate full. I recommend the lamb, and you gotta try the plantains. Go hungry and sample everything.
I have stayed at the Mirage at least 20 times and I hadn't ever tried this place. Boy am I glad I gave it a shot this past trip!

Brazilian food in general is almost always good, but I was actually blown away by how delicious all the different meats were here. For $40 you basically get all you can eat meats. Servers walk around with different meats and you get what you want. Everything was absolutely phenomenal. 

And the garlic bread, LORD HAVE MERCY! 

This will for sure be a MUST every time I stay at the Mirage from now on. God my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
What is this place??? So Im use to Brazilian restaurants and how things are runned... You have a buffet of veggies, salads, rice, beans, greens, and farina.. Then you go to your table.. they bring cheese bread and the meats come... one by one until your stuffed and happy... Samba was totally not this... We sit down and order the Rodizio.. There is 4 of us.. they bring a basket of breads... well.. it's a basket... I don't know about it really being bread... there was 3 cheese breads.. and 3 cracker type biscuits... UMMMMM there is 4 of us... did they bother to refill the basket??? no.. so sad.. but whatevers... the rice and beans come out... UMMM remember there is 4 of us??? it's a small soup bowl of rice and beans mixed... What if I just wanted rice? What if I just wanted beans? So stupid..  a plate of glazed carrots came to...and creamed spinach.. when was carrots and glazed spinach a brazilian dish? Now down to the meats... GROSS!!! first item up.. TERYIKI CHICKEN... wait... was I in a Brazilian Restaurant or a Japanese Restaurant??? it was tasteless and burnt... , lamb... super rare and no flavor, 3 different cuts of beef.. all DRIED and TASTELESS. The drinks were ok.. but the two we ordered were only half drunk... 4 guarnaras to wash down the dryness and our bill came to $215.00. Such a disappointment.. Oh no refills of water, rice and beans or offer for dessert. After watching LOVE and looking forward to dinner.. this was such a waste..I walked over to the Casino Royal and got a hot dog after.. much more flavor that this dried ass place!
I been to a few Brazilian restaurant and I thought this one was OK.  For the price I am not sure I would return.  I prefer my meat to be either rare or medium rare, a lot of the stuff were done and when I asked for it, they seem to "forgot" and took a while to finally to get one of my requests.  

Still looking for chicken hearts!    LOL
I checked out this restaurant at the Mirage right before watching Beatles 'Love.' The restaurant has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located in the middle of the casino. I read all the reviews on Yelp before checking this place out and was expecting great things. The service was great with fast and friendly service. The food however, was disappointing. I got the all you can eat $40 deal. They served cheese rolls and crackers that were tough to eat and slightly stale. The vegetables tasted like bad cafeteria food, the rice and beans were bland, and the salad was soggy. Then came the meats which were poor cuts, barely seasoned and tough to eat. I tried all the meats and my favorite was the lamb, and even that wasn't great. I'm a huge fan of Brazilian BBQ but I was hugely disappointed with this one. For $40 all you can eat, you're much better off going to one of the casino buffets. The only benefit here was the short wait time.
Staying at the Mirage so I decided to give this place a try. Since I was going solo I decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was engaging even though he was busy, explained the menu and recommendation on drinks. I ordered the Rodizio, which is basically an all you can eat grilled meat selection with sides. It's apparently brought to you on a skewer and put on a platter (I was at the bar so I got a platter of meat). 

I order some ginormous drink called a Caipirinha (actually I had 2) and it kicked my butt pretty good. I went on to gamble away 50 bucks in the casino without hesitation and called it a night. 

Anyway, the food was good, got a bit loud because of a group of frat boys, good selection of meats from chicken to lamb to marinated steak and some sides of veges (creamed spinach, carrots, rice & beans). The bill was $80, but I did have a good amount to drink. Worth a try. -Dan O.
Ok, I was back in Vegas again last week for business.  Samba is always the first place I start craving to eat at whenever I'm in Vegas, so as usual, went there again on my first night in town.  Although the Rodizio (meat served continuously from servers carrying skewers of it around) is the most popular thing to order (and really very good in terms of variety, taste and portion)...but I always eat too much when I do the all-u-can eat thing.  

So, I did my "plan b" for when I'm not totally ravenous...I ordered the Mahogany Glazed Salmon.  Their salmon is AWESOME, prepared in a different way than I've ever had Salmon anywhere else.  Not exactly sure what's in the Mahogany glaze, but it sure makes Salmon dee-licious!  It still comes with their amazing bread (I love the little cheese rolls with the dipping sauces they bring), their fresh-tossed salad which is great, and their rice/beans, creamed spinach, candied carrots & plantains.  I can't decide if I like their side dishes or their entrees better, I literally eat everything on my plate there.  

Oh, and this last time, I bumped it up a notch and tried their key lime pie for dessert.  I grew up eating the key lime pie at Joe's Stonecrabs (in Miami Beach, and more recently Chicago and Vegas).  Joe's key lime pie is the "benchmark standard" of key lime pie.  However, I have to say, I think Samba's gives Joe's a run for their money, it was about the best pie I've ever tasted...definately will be having it again next time I'm in Vegas!  

I'm almost afraid to post this review, and I hope all of y'all don't decide to go to Samba's and make it impossible for me to get a table!  And no, I'm not a shareholder in this restaurant, or in the Mirage, though I sure wish I was!  I'm just glad this restaurant is a 5 hour drive from where I live in San Diego, otherwise I would be so huge I'd have to ride around on a Rascal Scooter!
This place wasn't terrible, but I certainly think of it as the poor man's Texas de Brazil/Via Brasil/Fogo de Chao. It's at least $10 cheaper for the rodizio dinner than the other three churrascarias I've been to and you definitely get what you pay for.

My boyfriend and I were originally going to go to The Steak House at Circus Circus, but they were completely booked for the next few hours (this was around 7) and we wanted to check out Fright Dome, which was open from 7 - midnight. We felt like steak, though, and I did a quick search on yelp and this place came up nearby. We decided we'd check out this Brazilian steakhouse, since we been to a few others and liked what they offered.

The first thing we noticed was that there was no salad bar. When you're seated, they give you the usual Brazilian cheese bread (not as good as the others, imo), which I just found out is called po de queijo, and some other crackers; with them came chimichurri and pico de gallo. A busser came by with a bowl of salad a few moments later and plopped it down on our plates. Unlike what the menu says, it is not tossed tableside. I think it was prepared prior to our arrival, maybe extra salad that was prepared for some another table, because the greens were a little soggy with dressing. It wasn't terrible, but it looked like it wasn't made for us. Well, actually, the lettuce also looked a little old, so it just might've been wilted because of that rather than soggy. Either way, I wasn't impressed.

Next, they came by with side dishes. We were given a bowl of rice and black beans with a dollop of pesto on top, creamed spinach, cooked carrots, and fried plantains. At Texas de Brazil and Via Brasil, they don't give you side dishes unless you order them. At Fogo de Chao, they gave them to us. We were confused at first and thought they accidentally mixed up tables, but I don't know for sure. Anyway, I've come to the conclusion that Samba doesn't give you the choice because 1) they come around very little to offer you meat and 2) they have a short menu for their rodizio dinner, so they let you pick at the side dishes while you wait 10+ minutes between servers with skewers.

The service left something to be desired. Our original waiter didn't come back for like an hour and even then, he didn't even come back because he felt the need to check on us. The busser had been serving us and taking care of our drinks; he wasn't very attentive with refilling drinks (we were there for an hour and he refilled my water once and my boyfriend managed to order a second beer). I don't really blame him, though, because it seemed like, besides the servers carrying around skewers, there seemed to be only three other people on the waitstaff. I saw him a lot (Ramiro I think his name was), but our original waiter was rarely seen.

My boyfriend (let's just call him J) made several unsuccessful attempts to flag Ramiro and other servers down to ask for the check. When he finally got his attention, he said he would let our waiter know, which was funny because J actually made eye contact earlier and raised his hand to get our waiter's attention, but he still walked away from us. He was only standing at the next table over. After the busboy walked away, our waiter gave us the check and it took another 10 minutes for him to come back and take it. J was complaining that he probably could've walked to an ATM to get cash and just left it on the table. I said we probably could've dined and dashed and they wouldn't have noticed.

J was surprised that for a place on the Strip, this place was lacking in every area. The only perk, he said, was that it was the cheapest place we'd been to, but I pointed out that you get what you pay for. I would gladly pay another $10 to have service. SERVICE. Not better or more service -- just to have anyone come by at all would be great. Samba is considerably smaller than the other churrascarias yet as busy as the other places get, their servers are on top of everything. I've seen meats cycle around at least twice during the meal. I rarely saw Samba's servers and only one came by twice, though at that point, we were already full of side dishes and drinks to have anything else. It isn't so much "all you can eat" as it is "eat as much as we give you... whenever we feel like showing up." Or maybe "here, have some side dishes."

I don't know if they were down a few people tonight or what, but they could certainly use more people on their staff and their current staff needs to up their game.

Toward the end of our visit, while waiting for someone to pick up our check, I looked at J and said, "Never again." He wholeheartedly agreed.
This was a wonderful experience.

We had dinner reservations as part of a Dinner and a Show package with the Mirage Hotel and Casino. We got there and were seated right away. The waiter was attentive and informative. He explained how they will be bringing out the food and will continue to do so for as long as we want. They gave us a little piece of wood to turn over when we wanted them to stop. It was well organized and we ate way to much (in a good way).

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone traveling to Vegas.
I've been to a few Brazilian Steak Houses in my day...and this was by far the worst. Sorry guys....I wasn't impressed.

Other Brazilian steak houses have an AMAZING salad bar. This place doesn't even have one. You have the option of getting the all-you-can-eat meat or a regular meal (for about the same price). Get get the same sides no matter which one you choose (it's a lot of food). We didn't go with the all-you-can-eat surprisingly...because it didn't look that good from what we saw. And we didn't see much. Usually the "meat guys" are running around constantly with something new. I maybe saw 3 guys coming around the entire time we were there. I don't think you would get your money's worth. 

I decided to get a steak instead. It was not the best steak I've ever had. It was pretty fatty. The drinks are very good - I will give them that. Their service is also lacking. Our waitress was not very friendly or helpful, and she barely came to our table. We had to flag her down quite a few times.

I wouldn't come back here again. There are plenty of other place to dine within the Mirage and Vegas.
Samba offers all you can eat meal for $39.95. The people'll walk around carrying bunch of meat like sausages, meat wrapped in bacon, different cuts of steaks like top sirloin, bottom sirloin, etc Top Sirloin, Filet Mignon, etc. I think there're about 10 meat choices that you can pick from. Sadly, nothing really stood out for me. The seasoning in the meat's just ok, it's not all that flavorful.

There's also a salad bar that'll help to clean your palate a bit. It's not bad, I do like their bread a lot.

Overall - The place's usually not all that packed, you'll get seated right away. The service's really good, extremely friendly & attentive. The food's ok, I would like the meat to have more & better seasoning. For all you can eat Brazilian BBQ in Vegas, I think $40 per person's quite acceptable.
Let me start by saying that this was our honeymoon dinner and that we had an amazing experience.

Gluten-free: The fact that they had an actual gluten-free menu for my wife who has celiac disease gave it some serious bonus points right out the gate. The waitress, Sherrie couldn't have been more knowledgeable and supportive of our needs. Also, the waiters with their meat skewers knew whether or not my wife could have the selection or not, often offering it to me and apologizing to her that it wasn't gluten-free. 

The food was delicious! My favorites were the bacon-wrapped turkey and the sirloin. My wife loved the lamb and the chicken legs. 

In typical Vegas style, when I ordered the rum punch, it arrived in an over-sized glass made for two. 

At the end, they surprised us with an intensely delicious sorbet on the house because of our recent nuptials. A great end to a great meal.

Approximately $120 for the two of us with a 20%+ tip, well worth it!!
Man, just when I thought I was going to overeat like I do at every Brazilian steakhouse, they kept bringing back the same types of meat. I think they had 4, maybe 5 types of meat, and just rotated it. The good thing was that my friends asked for more rare meat and they brought out new ones, but the variety was not wide enough for me. Everything I had was tasty, but I wanted more kinds.
Smab is located in the Mirage Hotel and is part of a chain, the nearest one to my house being at City Walk in HollyWood.  In the evening hours of New Years day, 6 of us decided to give it a try.  I went to this place on a recomendation from a neighbor, who dined at the HollyWood location.  

When we arrived, I noticed the restaurant was about 30% full.  At the hostess stand to the left is a small circular bar.  It is set in the back and does not have a relaxing or friendly feeling to it.  Kinda of seculded and not inviting like a bar should be.  As I looked to the right, I saw a half circle  with a bar top facing me.  A cook was standing behind it and there was two grills behind him, where all of the bbq is cooked.  Above the grills were metal vented racks, where the large skewers of meat were resting/keeping warm.  This was the first sign that the meat could be dried out and have been sitting for awhile.

Most of us at the table ordered the Rodizio, which is the all you can eat bbq that comes out on the large skewers.  This meal came with rice, beans, fried plantains and cooked carrots.  The beans and rice were not flavorfull, but cooked well.  The meat started coming out and we sampled all of them (chicken, turkey, ham, steaks and so on).  Most of the meats were dry and lacked that real flavor I have experienced at other topnotch brazilian bbq's.  

All in all if this was in a pricey buffet I would say it was on par and pretty good.  But for $42,99 per person + drinks, I think not.  To the management, this kiinda of food cannot continue and you have got to see and tasted this stuff.  I mean skewers of meat sitting above a fire for hours tastes good?  NO.  I say you spend your money elsewhere.  I hope this helped potential diners.
Being from NY, I am used to seeing $90/head all you can eat rodizio so $40/ in Las Vegas is a bargain. The food at Samba was very good, but the meat choices were limited. Everything was cooked perfectly and came out hot and juicy. Would note that the flank steak and garlic chicken wings were my favorites. The sangria was excellent! Would recommend getting a pitcher, which will fill about 7 glasses, and get you pretty buzzed. 

My girlfriend and I were able to get a table at 7:30 with no problems and were served quickly. About halfway through the meal it did seem like there was a shortage of food, as no one came around for at least 15 minutes. The staff was very nice about it and came over and asked specifically what we wanted next.

I would definitely come back to Samba, the price was right and the ambiance was different in a city that is all glitz and glam these days.
To start, this review almost didn't happen, because we almost walked out of the restaurant.  This review might be long, but worth reading if you want to know what you are getting yourself into.

We came by Samba around 5:30 to ask about a later reservation.  We were asked to return at 8:15.

8:15 comes, and our table was not ready yet.  That's fine.  We play some slots, kill some time, then check in again about 15 minutes later.  Still not ready.  We are eventually led to a back room in the restaurant.

We grab seats and are given menus.  We already had chosen what we had wanted, due to the waiting out front to be seated.  20 minutes later, no one has come to even give us water.  It's now a full hour after our reservation time.  Only difference is, we are now an hour hungrier!  Husband sets a timer on his iPhone.  He says, "when this hits two minutes, we're walking."

At one minute and 50 seconds, a bus boy walks by, and circles back to talk to us.  Maybe he sensed our hungry anger?  He asked if we had been helped, and immediately brought us water.  He told us our server was Roxanne/Roxanna, and she'd be right over.

Not long after, the same bus boy comes back to our table, bringing a waiter with him.  

James would be our waiter for the remainder of the meal, and he really saved the evening for us.  He was pleasant, sweet, and apologetic about us getting lost in the shuffle.  I'm big on when stores/restaurants/whatever can step up and admit they messed up, so that helped.

We placed our order.  Husband (who is also Brasilian from Brasil) and my brother order the rodizio for $40 each.  I don't eat meat, so I went with the lobster tail.

First thing to come out was our po de queijo, otherwise known as "cheese bread", and some sort of crackers.  Po de queijo is pretty amazing, but the one here had some garlic going on inside?  It wasn't quite right.  It was good, but wahhh I wished it was more traditional.  If that makes me sound like a brat, so be it.  It's a Brasilian BBQ restaurant.

Along with the bread came some vinaigrettes/sauces.  One was a pico de gallo, the other was a phenomenal garlic vinaigrette.  

For appetizers, we ordered the beef empanadas and the coconut shrimp.  Both were delicious.  The shrimps were HUGE!!  

Before the meat came out, you are given a plate of salad.  A lot of time actually passes before you get to have your meat.  I'd suggest skipping appetizers to speed up the process.  It's almost like they're trying to fill you before the meat comes, but since you pay so much, you feel some sort of obligation to eat a ton of meat anyway, and walk out feeling like a fat tick about to pop.  

The salad is okay, but it is already mixed and has a heavy dressing on it.  Most Brasilian BBQ places have astounding salad bars, but not here.

After the salad, all of the sides came out.  Rice and black beans, plantains, creamed spinach...  All really delicious.  

The meats started rotating, and my lobster tail came out.

Again, all was good.

So other than the weird po de queijo (round cheese breads), all of the food was great.  The service in the beginning was wretched.  For the price we paid, we could think of at least a dozen other places we'd have rather spent our money.

So while the food WAS good, we'd still not return.
Omg the best I've ever had.
Similar to Texas de Brazil with their rotating selection of cut-right-from-the-stick-at-your-table meats.  It was good.  A bit overwhelming.  I think I ate way more than my body wanted me to.  I figure one Brazilian meat restaurant is just as good as another.  I wanted to try out Texas de, but now feel it's unnecessary to push my stomach to its absolute limits again.  Thanks for the experience, but no thanks.
Have been here a couple x's and have enjoyed the food. They take care of large parties well here and the location (Mirage) balances out the fact that perhaps the food is not quite as good as Texas de Brazil. Fun place to go with a large group.
In one word terrible. In summary no idea how they can call themselves a Brazilian steakhouse. Both meat service and waiter service almost non existent. My first clue should have been how empty it was for dinner. Meats were fatty and chewy. They seemed offended if you asked for something out of their serving order. If you have ever been to Fogo or Texas de Brazil you will leave here disappointed.
All you can eat Brazilian barbecue.  The food is pretty good.  My only complaint is that there is not a huge selection so eating the same cut over and over becomes boring.
You will regret it!  

This place should be ashamed of even pretending to be a Brazilian BBQ.  The food is horrendous and the service was rude.  One of ladies in our party ordered a steak medium and it was brought well done.  When she asked that it be taken back, the waitress was quite rude and returned about 30 minutes later with a rare steak.  When our friend once again brought the error to the waitresses attention, she said "The steak is done to whatever you want to say it is done to".   The maanegr eventually intervened and we had no waitress for the rest of the meal.

The beans were horrible, the creamed spinach was like soup, and the plantains were cold.  Save your money!
We visit Las Vegas at least 6 times a year and this was one of our regular treats. Was. Lately it had been going downhill but we decided to go there again this trip as we are Brazilian steakhouse regulars and there is only one other choice (Pampas at Planet Hollywood) on the strip. We made a reservation and requested a booth. We showed up and they didn't honor the request for a booth. Granted, it's a request, but they kept telling us they had 4 parties reserved for those booths and they sat the first group about 10 minutes before we left. The other booths were open. That ticked me off, but we still wanted to make the most of it. Our waiter was horrible - I think it was Peter. He only came to our table twice after the initial time and both times we had yelled out to catch him walking by-once for a drink and once when we had been waiting over 15 minutes for the check. He was rude, rude, rude. The meat comes by very rarely, which I'm assuming is how these restaurants make more money. Sure, it's all you can eat, but only when they bring you the mediocre meat to accept. Sides were good, but that's about it. Will NEVER go again.We left NO tip, which we had NEVER done - not even in bad experiences at other places. He didn't deserve a penny for being so rude and avoiding us. Definitely NOT worth $109 for our meal and 2 glasses of Sangria. We ended up eating Subway in a couple of hours. Pitiful! Don't bother. Go to Pampas at Planet Hollywood instead...
If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steak House you would probably like this place because you have no idea what to expect. Now if you are reading this and thinking about going to Samba DON'T. This is by far the worst Brazilian Steak House I have EVER been. The meat selection is very poor, they don't have a salad bar and the price is 2 high for what you get. Instead of going to Samba try Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao. You will be a lot happier :)
Were staying at the Venetian and did not walk to drive anywhere so we found this place inside the hotel.

Being that is was located inside the hotel means is it a little overpriced for what you get. They had great menu items and several unique options but like I said a little $$$.

Also our waitress was not the friendliest girl around. She kept telling us about stuff and with the loud music playing it was hard to understand her. She had that look on her face like "Don't you know what that is?"

The truth is NO we didn't know all the ins and outs about sushi.

Bottom line is the experience could have been better. Good sushi but can be had for  much cheaper elsewhere. Especially since we spent over $250 for 4 people!!!

Food Quality - 4
Service - 3
Price - 2

Happy Eating
My husband and I have been coming here for years. Everytime we go on vacation to Las Vegas we always make a point to eat here. Recently we went here and will never be going back. The waitress and the female manager were extremely rude, and I found lipstick on my water glass after I had been drinking on it. I do not wear lipstick! Needless to say this made me sick to my stomach. I ask to speak with the manager and when she came over she tried to argue with me that the glass had gone through a dishwasher so it should be fine. Disgusting! This place went from awesome to awful. Not to mention the meat sampler that they are known four has gone downhill. My husband was extremely disappointed with the quality of the meat and the way it was cooked. Normally when we leave there he is raving about the meat... I do not recommend anyone wasting your money on this place.
No, Samba at The Mirage was a major disappointment.   And I should have known based on the other reviews here.  Go to another Brazilian Steakhouse in town, even it is more expensive.  Here they tried to stuff us with large pieces of chicken, dry sausages, and even garlic bread on their skewers before they bring the sirloin and lamb.  Then he cuts two bite- size pieces of beef off the roast.  I am thinking, okay, I will get more beef later.  No, when they have gone through all the rounds, they stop coming by.   Granted, when I asked for more sirloin, the staff brought out a bit more.  The plantains, rice and beans are good.  The dessert (creme brle) was awful - tasted as if had been sitting in the fridge for several days.
Great place if you have a really huge appetite. 

Our group had reservations for Saturday night. We were seated immediately. Wait Service was very good. Our server was attentive and personable. 

We all chose the Rodizio experience which offers an unlimited tasting of the different meats. It was only a few dollars more than the ala carte meat dishes on the menu. A pitcher of Sangria and Brazilian Punch was ordered as well.  We were all satisfied with the food as it was tasty and immediately served. Our requests for certain meats were immediately served to us, no waiting. 

Overall, we had a great time and enjoyed our dining experience. Be forewarned as you should have a huge appetite to really enjoy what this restaurant has to offer.
We arrived with about 20 minutes to spend eating on dinner before our concert started, they sat us quickly and started to shove all the beautiful meat at us. It was great! Staff was friendly and accomodating, would definitely go back for more!
Not my first time at a Brazilian Steakhouse and certainly not my best experience at one. I guess it's what to expect at a casino full of half drunk gamblers...
Some of the meats were really not up to standards but I really enjoyed the lamb and some other meat I cannot recall.
The dip and chips was not to my taste.
Samba@ The Mirage.... I took my girlfriend for a Birthday dinner and show (Love-the Cirque/Beatles show-A++++) and decided to drop the 100+ bucks for the Rodizio experience.  All started well, as our reservations for Friday night were accepted quickly, and we were seated immediately. We have MANY experiences with this specific type of dining experience in the Dallas Metroplex, so were rightly excited, wrongly...

We were asked by the reservation operator if we were celebrating anything special, and we told her it was a birthday celebration.  The little hostess girl told us "Happy Birthday," and that's where the "Special occasion" ended. No other mention was made, or special attention given.  We weren't looking for the Olive Garden Staff to come sing for her, but why bother asking if nothing special is in the offing?

The waiter was pleasant, if not a bit dismissive for someone in a Las Vegas Service position.  Our Teas and waters were quickly produced, and the bread and condiment sauces were fantastic.  

This is where it all goes down hill.  While waiting for our salads and sides, we decided the main course was why we were there, and we flipped our idol over to "green/serve."  The server came by with the first skewer, and we were served a wonderfully cooked Lamb, along with bacon wrapped Turkey, Chicken, and a sirloin which were also good.  Our waiter followed with the sides and salad.  The salad was outstanding, though I'd prefer to choose for MYSELF the QUANTITY of the salad on my plate.  The sides were standard fare: Rice, beans, plantains, carrots, and "creamed spinach."  We never did more than dip a fork tine in the pesto on top of the rice/bean bowl, so the review on that would be unfair; however, the remaining sides need a few words spoken to their quality.

The plantains and carrots were nothing more than desert versions of their former selves-FAR too much syrup, and cooked beyond their terms.  The "Creamed Spinach" was a POOR attempt at a VERY BLAND and soupy spinach DIP.  I RARELY season full service restaurant food, and I NEVER season $50 a plate food; yet, I very quickly located the S&P shakers, and put them to use.

As I was working through the encroaching salad, I noticed my girlfriend had finished her tea, and was casting about for SOMEONE to notice.  Bear in mind, our idol was still on GREEN, so there should at VERY LEAST have been a server near us or on the way.  She finally had to ask our waiter for a refill. 

A couple had been seated next to us during the sides service, and they began to get their meat deliveries.  After their first round, we noted the server bypassed us, and my girlfriend's plate was now empty.  After we had been passed over for the people on our left and right for THREE SKEWERS, we actually had to stop one of the other servers to bring the pineapple over.  I was LIVID at this point-- the 3 tables that comprised our little atol could be connected by one person lying across all three, so it's not as if we weren't noticeable! 

 I folded my napkin across my plate, and put my flatware on top, and began discussing the level of tip versus LACK of tip to leave, and whether to talk to management NOW or after the fast approaching show.  We opted for a very lucky 10-percent on a $100 tab, and a talk with the manager. The manager was very nice, and understanding, and blamed the volume, but had no explanation for the obvious ignoring of our table, and credited HER meal--AFTER running the ENTIRE TICKET, so we wound up with TWO CHARGES: ONE for the entire $100 and change, and ANOTHER for $52! As everyone should know, charges are instant; CREDITS take 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS, and this was Friday night....IN VEGAS!  

Long story short: Save your gambling for the casino floor, and bypass this poorly executed theme restaurant.
Love this place!  Been there 3 times. Food is uniquely prepared, Brazilian seasonings & flare.  Menu is great. Grilled Salmon, & filet (sliced like butter) entrees were excellent !  Sides are awesome. Loved the plantains, creamed spinach, the chimichurri & rolls were great. Wine list is extensive. Speciality drinks were wonderful. A few in the group went with the Rodizio Experience. Which was "all you can eat" - variety of meats/poultry served  table side by staff plus sides. Not one complaint. No one left hungry!   One time we went & just ordered appetizers (unique) and drinks. Great time. Considering Samba is located in a very busy part of the casino, it was surprisingly quiet yet great energy. Great, attentive staff. $$$. Worth it.
If you are a fan of Brasilian Barbecue avoid this place like the plague.  Service was ok, but the food was horrendous.  Meat choices were very limited (sirloin, pork (very dry), sausage (overcooked and tasteless), chicken (tasteless marinade) and turkey.  Side dishes were laughable at best (boiled carrots).

And if you are visiting with friends who like meat - and you like just a good salad, forget it.  Most Brasilian BBQ places have outstanding salad bars for those who are hot carnivores, but this place had a limp "fresh green" salad with out of the bottle dressing.

Impressed?  Not so much.  Never again.
I'm not a big fan of Brazilian BBQ but my husband is.  Meat is usually dry and salty. At Samba, it was somewhat better than I expected. Only a few food selection were good, others were so-so.  Funny thing was, the stuff that keeps coming over to our table are things I don't eat. Food selection was limited after realizing the repeats. I did request certain meat to come or not come and they were nice enough to cater to my requests. 

It is however, a fun environment and not meant to be romantic at all. You're meshed in with the casino people and for the price that you pay, you would expect some privacy or a better dining environment. 

I would prefer a nice steakhouse over this place. Sorry.
The food here is horrible and the service is horrible.  Don't waste your money!!!!! You will be disappointed. I love Brazilian anything and never had a bad thing to say until now.  This place is disgusting and the food was nasty.  I been to tons of brazilian restaurants and this is nothing like any of them. No cheese bread either.
I was a little nervous after reading some poor reviews but this place is great! The staff is very nice and attentive and the food was delicious. My favorites were the sausage, chicken, and flank steak. It's such a fun experience and definitely worth a try!
Samba Brazilian Steakhouse, located inside The Mirage Hotel & Casino, is a small, but nice restaurant with a trendy decor. My wife and I visited during our stay at The Mirage Hotel and Casino and enjoyed their special "all-you-can-eat" barbecue dinner on New Year's Eve.

As the meal was a set menu experience, I cannot touch upon Samba's other dishes, however, the plethora of meat (lamb, pork, chicken, beef, shrimp) paraded about on skewers was absolutely delicious. The dining area was clean, neat, and afforded wonderful people watching as my wife and I ate.

The only annoyance with our meal was that the wait staff was somewhat sluggish in attending to the table for non-meat-related things, such as refilling our water glasses or giving us the check. However, this is understandable due to the high number of customers (it was, after all, New Year's Eve).

I would definitely try Samba again and it's definitely worth trying for those staying at The Mirage, spending any time in the casino, or attending shows.
This place is horrible!!! Can't believe how they are still open!! We went for RW, and what a waste of money and time!!! The only up side was the service, our waiter was very attentive ... But the food was terrible!!
I didn't do the Rodizio, just got a plate and appetizers, so this is not a full review. Though the sauce that came with the free pre-appetizers was very good, the chicken was OK, didn't do anything for me.
We happen to find this restaurant as we were going to a concert at the Mirage for Boyz II Men.  What a find!  The food was AMAZING!  The service was AMAZING!  Did I mention the food was AMAZING!? 

We didn't get a chance to do the "all the meat you can eat", due to our time constraint.  However I ordered the filet mignon ...OMGosh!  You could cut that baby with a butter knife. One of THE best I have had!  My son had the 16 ounce rib eye steak........Holy Huge!  The bread and dips before hand were incredible, the beans, the veggies.........WOW!  The salad you get before your meal........I could eat that every day!  And it was bottomless so if you wanted more, have more!

My boyfriend had the seafood dish that was so incredibly flavorful it was like eating a bouquet of flowers.  

It was our last meal in Vegas before we flew out and I am glad it was there!  I urge you to go there!  Price wise it wasn't outrageous, it was very comparable to the food we got and we got a lot of food for our dollars.  For the three meals it was under $100.00!!    For the all you can eat meat it was like $45.00 and they had such a lovely variety.......next time we go, we will go with time and an appetite and try that!
If you like Brazilian steakhouses, pass on this one. My bridesmaids and I went here on February 8th and were very underwhelmed by both the service and the food for the price.

Maybe I'm spoiled, but my first Brazilian steakhouse restaurant experience years ago had a veritable parade of delicious meats, and the places I've been to since then, including Samba, have *not* lived up to that standard. I believe there were about 8 choices total. I understand that with certain commodities concerns right now that beef is pricey, but there were only two kinds of beef that came by, which was disappointing. I like pork and chicken just fine, but for $45 I want a better spread. And the pao de queijo might as well have just been pao de nada for all the flavor it had. I took one bite and set it aside, not worth the stomach space and calories.

The frequency of the selections coming by was just fine, so I have no issue with that aspect of the service, but we were frequently annoyed by the waitstaff who kept trying to clear our table when we were clearly still trying to enjoy ourselves. We had flipped over the marker to signal we didn't need any more attendants coming by, which then started our server and some bussing staff coming by every few minutes to clear things from the table, including the sides and bread that we were still eating. Here's an idea: when a table still has half a pitcher of sangria left, maybe don't try to rush them out the door by clearing everything off the table like you're ready to boot them out the door even when the restaurant is half-empty. When our waiter brought by to-go cups it was just another sign of "you're not gone yet?" and we promptly took our drinks on the road.

The biggest part of dining Brazilian is the experience, and it's always a long one at that. Meals take hours, and most of them are not spent eating but enjoying the ambiance and the company. I can see wanting us to move along if the restaurant was packed and people were waiting on the table, but to hover over us while we were trying to enjoy our drinks and conversation does not make for an inviting atmosphere. Makes me wish we had just gone to one of the buffets, where the selection would have been better and no one would be taking away the food before we were done with it.
Not a traditional Brazilian churascuria.  No salad bar at all.  They bring you a side salad instead.  If you are used to Fogo or Texas de Brazil, thus doesn't compare.   It is $45 for all you can eat meats, but again, no massive salad bar.  If you do t care about the salad bar, you will enjoy it.  Meats are good.  They even have roasted garlic bread on a skewer.  If you are looking for a traditional churascuria with a nice salad bar, I would skip it.   But if you are all about the meat you will like it.  Nice wines also.  Not cheap, but not outrageous either.   A bottle if Louis martini for $45.  All being said I would not return.
This has been my 4th time eating here and it never disappoints.  I have decided that if I ever get one last meal from a restaurant, it would have to be from Samba Grill.  I brought 4 other friends to Samba and they loved it too.  The food came fast and hot, and each dish had a different flavor and spice.  We didn't eat all day before coming to eat at 9:00PM and it was well worth the wait.  See you soon Samba!
I ate there last night and was not really impressed at all.  For a Las Vegas Brazilian steak house, it was not great at all.  The meat is over cooked and they do not have as many selections as you would hope to have.  I give it a 3 stars only because of the location and because the food was not bad, just ok.
Would give negative stars if it was possible

I took a trip to Vegas to have fun with my fianc. The food was alright, was expecting a lot more from them. Not only that I had to hunt down a waiter to get started on us. It's not even a big restaurant to not be on top of things. The service was horrible... No warm greeting, no personality or smile. Just a straight serious face!! Also rushed us out of there, they were wiping down the table while  we were still sitting. So ridiculous!!!!!!

I did not tip them at all only because the service was beyond horrible. They need to work on that besides the food. I know it's Vegas n they'll always have people come in no matter what, but doesn't mean they should lack in customer service!! 

Even McDonald's have better service than they do. Would not recommend it. If you want Brazilian food, I suggest to don't half ass it by going here. Hunt down a authentic one.
Brazilian Steakhouses are really cool if you're really hungry.  I didn't come for the all you can eat meatfeast.  In fact, I was surprise to see a menu, so since I wasn't too hungry, I thought this place would be perfect.  The meal was good, but the selection on the menu were very limited.  Too bad, since the meatfeast items looked really great.
RODIZIO MENU

During the last three months I've been to Vegas three times. I've eaten at great restaurants (Bacchanal Buffet and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouses) and restaurants at a great deal (Le Village Buffet where I was able to redeem $25 and only pay $7 for the buffet). This third time around in Vegas I was expecting to eat well. However I've been disappointed with the restaurants with a lot of hype, Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, that weren't that great. On my final night, which was last night, I ate here for dinner before the Cirque du Soleil Beatles' Love. Since the World Cup this year is in Brazil why not have my final dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse. I ordered the rodizio menu, which is all you can eat meat that is served in a spit rod. My rating is solely based on the rodizio menu. The first time I went to a Brazilian steakhouse and ordered the rodizio menu was at Pampas in Palo Alto. So I have some comparison to make. The highlights were the tender flank steak, moist lamb leg, and juicy sirloin. I also like the condiments of rice and beans and chimichurri sauce, which is a sauce originated in Argentina. The chimichurri sauce is great with the sirloin, flank steak, and lamb. The only dish I didn't like was the pork as I was it was dry and stringy. I won't say it as regret, but since I ate at the Bellagio Buffet the night before I didn't eat as much as I did at Samba. The value of ordering the rodizio menu is better than ordering just a steak as you get different varieties of meat. 

However the rodizio menu at Samba isn't up to par to Pampas in Palo Alto. That might not be fair to make a comparison however a trip to Vegas is already expensive enough. With the amount of money you're going to spend while at Vegas I think the comparison is fair. There were more steak varieties at Pampas while at Samba there were only two kinds - sirloin and flank. In addition the flank steak at Pampas just melts in your mouth. Also one exotic item that was served at Pampas chicken hearts was not available at Samba. Overall even though I gave the same rating Samba like I did for Mesa Grill and Bellagio Buffet, the rodizio menu at Samba was the best meal I had during this Vegas trip.
We had the all-you-can eat experience, and it was a complete waste of money.  At a steep $45 a person, DO NOT waste your money here!  We love Espetus in the Bay Area, and this was nothing like it.

The only things we liked were:  
1) Bacon Wrapped Turkey
2) Sirloin 

And they honestly were not amazing... just better than the other options.

The meal started out slow, where we had to wait about 20 minutes to get the starting salad (iceburg lettuce with some beets).  The sides were also subpar, just tiny bowls of plantains, beans, rice, and stir-fried green beans/carrots.

What really annoyed me was that the first skewer of "meats" to come around were garlic bread and chicken legs.  Really?!  My husband was so hungry that he tried one of each, which I guess is Samba's strategy.  They were both kind of gross.

The other meats were okay, but for the price I expected a lot better quality of meat.  Finally, the dessert comes, and I was hoping that it would save the meal.  But sadly they were literally little shot glasses of flavored pudding...  A big disappointment!

So if you are dining at the Mirage, do not make the same mistake we did!  Eat at the Cravings buffet instead!
The food was decent, but the service was terrible. Went here for a friends birthday and the waitress was incredibly rude because we didn't all order the all you can eat option (we still all ordered food). One of my friends asked if she could get a side salad with her meal and the waitress rudely replied that they didn't have salad, even though people at other tables were eating salad! The waitress also stood about 10 feet from our table and stared at us with a rude expression while we ate.
good service, menu is kind of limited. but if you want beef, order the all you can eat meat.
This is my second time here and it's not as good as the first. Food flow was very slow and the taste was not authentic brazilian.
Just to be fair it was a holiday weekend so this might be the reason. I ordered the Rodizio experience and was dissapointed at the service. 
The drinks were very strong. Too much for my liking.
Wonderful meal from start to finish. The salad was better than most entree salads, the side vegetables were delicious, the rice and beans were rich and satisfying, and that's before we even got to the main course. My husband got the all you can eat meat, which included his favorite, lamb, and they even brought him some mint jelly to go with it. I got the salmon which was peppery and perfectly cooked, atop some plantain puree that complimented it well.  The tiny dessert shooters were a perfect finish and offered richness and quality over quantity.
My second time and it is different.  The sauces and bread have changed, no more fish.  The garlic chicken was cold and the flank steak was chewy.  Over $250 for 4 and it was really nothing special.  Frankly my husbands bbq is much better and for that prize I expect better than home.
Don't do it.

Went here because I wanted all you can eat Brazilian BBQ before going to see a show here.

All the appetizers and side dishes have NO flavor except the plantains. They're ok but nothing worth visiting for.

The meat was all dry & flavorless as well. Their only slightly good meat was their signature sirloin & apparently that's the only meat they flavor. I'm a meat eater, I'm not an amateur at these places, & let me tell you, this place isn't worth it.

Only reason why it's not getting one star is because the service was good. Can't knock the hard working hostess & waiters just cause the food is lacking.
Every trip to Vegas means a visit to Samba for dinner!  And every time I dine at Samba, I must get the Rodizio all you can eat dinner!  Start with a delicious salad and then enjoy a smattering of appetizers and sides.  Then, the meal really starts!  Place your table marker with the green side up and soon staff will bring long skewers of meat to your table, ready to carve a fresh slice onto your plate!  Of all of the selections, the lamb was my favorite, followed closely by the flank steak and the linguica sausage!  But, best of all, the best sweet fried plantains that I have ever had!  I dream of these plantains!  There is just something about these for me.  Yes, this is not cheap, but if I am going to splurge on myself in Vegas, this is where I am going to go!
I think the only meat that was worth trying was the honey glazed chicken.. The pork was really dry... And the steak was just ok.. The salad was really good though, that was the only thing other than the chicken that impress me.. Service was pretty good just the lady server though.. Food was a 2 stars and one extra star for the lady servers.
Little on the expensive side, but I found a coupon in the I (heart) Las Vegas magazines you pick up at information counters for 5 off so it ended up being something like $33/person for dinner.  It's all you can eat, which means you stuff yourself to your throat, but they had a good selection of meats, nice environment, and a decent salad bar.  I would go back there again!

Make sure you look for coupons.  Or you can even buy a dinner ticket at the Tix42Nite places by the CocaCola building.
over-priced and gross. "medium rare" ribeye steak came out looking like the burned & dried out sole of a shoe.

they get some bonus points for honesty. when i ordered a margarita, the waitress advised against it. "they're not good. our sour mix is really bad" wow. 

stay away from this place. there are so many better options elsewhere.

also, the salad bar was more of a slop bar. all the "salad" choices were drowning in sloppy oil. and guess what? THERE WAS NO LETTUCE AVAILABLE. what the f?
A little pricey, but yummy meat brought right to your table!  Very nice.  We did the buffet.  6 and under are FREE and other kids are half. Salad bar was very good as well.

Again, it is pricey (About $40/person) but if you buy the 1/2 ticket at one of the booths on the strip, it is definitely worth it.
If you've had the opportunity to do the Brazilian BBQ-thing elsewhere, then this one is bound to disappoint.   Located in the Miracle Mile Malls in the new Planet Hollywood Casino (formerly the Aladdin).  The selection at the salad/extras bar was nothing to write about...so I won't.  The meat came out sparsely with huge gaps of nothing and the meat quality was so-so (a lot of it was fatty).    Sangria was a little bland.  Service was okay.
Place is good! If you are a carnivore, you will love this place! Certain meats were not my favorite, but the price was not bad and I was able to eat as much as I wanted. Friendly staff and a good place to eat in Vegas!
Sorry excuse for a churrascaria. Too few servers walking aound with overcooked or undercooked meets regularly re-cooked and re-served. They always circulated from front to back and thus always ran out by the time they got to my table. Feeling guilty, they would then ungracefully hack off an overly large piece which would inevitably be burnt grizzle on the outside and bleeding raw on the inside.  Salad bar above average. Definitely not on a par with Brazilian steakhouses found elsewhere.

Update: You know they are really in trouble when they've touted plans to open in Palo Alto, CA in the Fall of '07 with even the manager of the Las Vegas locale had no information and its already January with no further information forthcoming.
I think I enjoyed the whole experience of a Brazilian grill more than the actual food itself.  Doesn't make sense, I know...but I liked that the servers brought out huge cuts of meat on these giant spears and sliced it right at your table, and there wasn't too much time inbetween meats.  There was also a big selection of hot side dishes and cold salads to choose from at the salad bar buffet.  The downside  was that the hot sides weren't so hot and the cold salads were about the same temp.  I liked the beans, rice, and the yummy parmesan-crusted moist and flakey rolls (which managed to stay warm).  Those were the only memorable sides.  The memorable meats were the pork loin, moist and well-seasoned, although a bit too salty, the turkey sausage, thick and juicy, the spicy chicken, crisp on the outside, moist inside, the roast beef (deliciously tender) , and the lamb, though not that tender had great flavor.  And the grilled pineapple was the bomb.  That night we had efficient and friendly service.  

Of all the choices you have in Vegas, this is a pretty decent one if you get the discount price from the "1/2 price ticket booth".  It's a great deal...you pay the ticket booth a $3pp fee, they make the reservations for you (definitely recommended) and give you a voucher for $19.99pp.  The all-u-can-eat meats and salad bar is regularly $36.99pp.  My total bill, including a glass of wine, tax & tip, was $35.  Not bad for a nice restaurant on the Strip.
I am ponying up 4 stars mostly because I LOVE churrascarias.. This one was not as good as Fogo de Chao, but it was good.  The service was a bit too slow as there were many times we had the "green light" on, but no one came over.. At Fogo you get attacked with servers when the green light is on.  We waited at the bar and ordered a coke before we got a table.. The bartender insisted that we pay our bar tab before we could be seated.. kinda annoying. but once the food arrived i was happy.  Price was $36 for all you can eat Brazilian bbq and salad bar and for Vegas that is pretty good.  Restaurant on the strip aren't cheap so I highly recommend this place..  One strange thing was this enormous fake wine bottle that had the wine menu on it. Not sure what the point of that.. It takes up half the table when it sits there.  Overall, go there.
It's located in miracle mile shop connected to planet hollywood hotel.
I have been to other churrascarias restaurants. they are all similar. server will bring you meat on the skews, and you decide how many slices you want. I like their chicken and pork most, chicken spices are special and pork tastes sweet.
I like ham least. At the bottom of ham is pineapple, I like that with other meat.
All you can meat and salad made me have food coma in the end.
BTW, their coke is $2.5. Most expensive coke I ever ordered.
I've had better experiences at other churrascarias. the pork tenderloin and ham-and-pineapple selections were the only highlights.
This was a pretty good dining experience, I guess. The food was flavorful and plentiful and fresh. I especially liked the vegetable and salad buffet. The meats were good as well. The meats just kept on coming!

I did not like that this restaurant was overpriced. I am the last person to complain about pricing as money is not an issue, but this place was too expensive for its own good. The food is good, but not exceptional and the service is lacking. The deserts were not good, just generic and nothing ethnic or special at all. 

Servers were very condescending, seeing how I am in my mid 20's and was dressed causally, and they automatically assumed that I don't have the funds available...which is far from the truth. You can definitely notice the 3 piece suits were served with a lot different approach than our "youthful" table. There were also quite a few mess-ups with the bill at the end. 

I won't be returning this place any time soon.
Believe it or not, it was my first Brazilian bbq experience.  We had a whole room to ourselves for awhile on New Years Eve and it wasn't bad.  Honestly it was overpriced.  $60 (with a coupon) per person?  Is that normal?  oh well, maybe I'm just cheap.  the meat was ok.  Pork was too dry though.  I think we tried filet mignon which was good, chicken was ok and so was the lamb.  but oh the pineapple... it was delicious.  you mean i paid $60 to eat a freakin whole pineapple?  yeah.  and that was worth it.  The staff was friendly and pretty comical.  Whenever we didn't want a certain meat, the server was like, what?  you don't like my meat?  fine.    I don't think I'd come back because of the price.  I'd rather eat somewhere else, but it was good enough for me.
So I've been to two other churrascarias  in Las Vegas before visiting Pampas:  Yollie's and Rum Jungle.  Yollie's was OK, but a bit crowded, and Rum Jungle didn't have much of a selection, and they were damn slow.

We got seated "outside" since it was crowded inside the restaurant, but once we flipped the coin to "green", these guys were non-stop at our table, that we actually had to flip to "red" a few times.  

The food was really good, both at the salad bar, and the meat on swords.  My only disappointment was that there were no chicken hearts, but otherwise, it was perfect.

The waitress was very responsive to us despite the fact that we were the only party seated outside, and overall, I think the service at this place was excellent.
A carnivore's nightmare!

Perhaps my tastebuds have gotten picky as I've gotten older, but this place was a downer.  I wasn't expecting imported steak or aged meats, but for a Brazilian churrascaria, I'd like some flavor (if you meats don't cut it) please.

We came here the day prior to Ash Wednesday.  For all of you non-Catholics, you may be more familiar with other terms this day goes by, like "Fat Tuesday and Mardi Gras" or "Carnival."  So, prior to our 40-days of abstinence, we were expecting a real meal.

This place did not deliver.  Even with the 40% discount that http://www.tix4tonight.com/ provided, $22 for all-you-can-eat (discounted from $36) plus $15 average drinks is not a deal at all.  

Nope, I'm not kidding about $15 cocktails.  And, nope, it's not in a bigger glass.  It comes in your regular, everyday lowball.  I've clubbed in Vegas, LA, NYC, London, etc., $15 is a  total rip-off.  I would have been better off sitting on a slot machine on the casino floor with my $15 (and served a free double shot of whiskey and d.coke) and had a better time.  And, to add to the hysteria, if you opt for wine, they give you this big silly, plastic wine bottle to order off of.

As we all know, every true churrascaria will pass on the chicken and all the other filler crap that they try to feed you in the beginning.  So, I could not honestly critique those items.  However, all the (should have been) good stuff (i.e. beef and lamb) was medium to done because of all the re-cooking.  This was not at all pleasing to me, as I prefer medium-rare for these meats.  The petite fillet was fair, in flavoring and in seasoning.  However, the lamb was not fresh and you could taste it.  The pork was on the dry side.  And, I could have used a little more blood on my ribeye.

With that, I couldn't begin to imagine paying full price.  But if you must experience it, check out tix4tonight.com before you go.  The closest one to the restaurant is at the Hawaiian Marketplace, in front of Polo Towers.
I'd give this place an additional star if it weren't for its overpriced buffet. The first time I came here I was not happy about the prices, but loved the food so much that I set money aside for a second visit because I wanted to have that experience again: savory food, comfortable furniture, warm cozy lighting, very friendly staff.  My favorite buffet choice is feijoada with rice- YUM. I save most of my stomach for that!  As far as the meats that keep coming around, I enjoy the chicken and lamb choices the most, but I'm not a big meat eater. My friends assure me that all the meats are great, and so is the roasted pineapple.  I'll be back!
I was so happy that they had Brazilian in Las Vegas. I was first introduced to this down south in San Diego. To my delight, this was not just another run of the mill Las Vegas buffet, or fast food hangover joint. High quality meats served piping hot right off the sword. Salad bar offered some good things, but I am a carnivore, so keep it comin! When I need some good food in Vegas, I make it a point to stop here.
Great price! Great food! Great atmosphere!

So, we set out to find breakfast, but since we (as most folks visiting vegas do) had woken up quite late, we ended up roaming into this Brazilian buffet. We were pretty early for lunch, so the place was pretty empty, but that didn't stop the food from making its way to our table.

The sides at the walk up buffet were pretty diverse, everything from capreze salad to falafels. The olives and feta were fantastic! If there was anything missing, it was mashed potatoes.

The meats were equally good. I wasn't a fan of the not-spicy chicken, but the ham served with pineapple was great and the big slices of beef were yummy as well. If you have never been to a Brazillian buffet, be warned, their stuff is always extremely salty. I think this is just the style they make it in. It will taste very different from the slab-o-prime-rib at the buffet down the walkway.

Best part? Never ending food for under $15 per person! This was definitely the cheapest buffet we hit up in Vegas and it was quite good. So, great value, good food, go in the afternoon when it's super cheap and not very busy.
I truly hate to be one of those downers who is writing about their bad experience, instead of the food. But after my recent experience there, I am compelled to write. Sorry for those of you who are only interested in the food. My only regret is we didn't have as good a time as we expected.

More than 15 friends and I all traveled to Las Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday on May 24. One of the places the birthday girl was excited to eat at was Pampas. She made reservations and everything was set. So we all get there and they kindly accommodate our very large party (20). Everything is going well, the food is not too bad, but before the waiter leaves, the birthday girl asks if he could separate our checks. Sure, he says. Later, she asks him again. Same response. We get our check (which totaled more than $1,000), and they tell us they can't separate the check. The birthday girl asks to speak to a manager. When it came time to confront the waiter about the whole separate checks issue, he calmly says "No, she didn't." So, when we ask the manager to rectify the matter, she says their policy is to charge 15% extra to do so if there are more than three cards being charged. That's an extra $150 just so they could charge us separately -- AFTER we asked them more than once to separate the check. Before this, there was never any mention of any charge. The manager was quite unforgiving and rude. Once we decided to simply put the whole amount on another friend's card, she nonchalantly asks, "Would you like dessert?" It wasn't free, by the way.
I'd just like to say thanks, Pampas staff, for ruining what would have been an otherwise pleasurable birthday celebration.

We didn't even receive the red/green stick indicating when we'd like our food. Not even 30 seconds passed from the time we sat down with our buffet plates to the time the meat came out. It gave us a feeling of being rushed -- before we were even given the chance to START eating.

As for the food, it was not too shabby. The filet mignon, though, was bland and dry, even though it was quite pink in the middle. Which shouts, "I've been lying around for a while!" It definitely wasn't terrible, but not worth traveling from four different states and $1,000 just to be treated rudely. I'd suggest any of the other thousands of other places to eat in Las Vegas that truly understand what customer service is all about. Very, VERY disappointing.

UPDATE: We received an apology from their corporate offices. My friend was even offered a gift certificate for her troubles.
I had experience Brazilian Bar B Q before in SF. And i know what to expect already from it. My buddy decided to go there on a Sunday night for dinner. What the hell, i said. Bring on the never ending meat and the mediocre salad/ pasta bar.

Price : $19.99 for all you can eat salad bar
             $38.99 for all you can meat  and salad bar
             $54.99 for all you can eat meat, seafood and salad bar

Food : Filet mignon .yum, salty as always
             Sirlion. Bland and salty
             Pineapple and Ham. sweet and tasty on both
             Pork. very flavorful and salty
             
To sum it up,, they have this little wood cylinder that is color coded on both end. Red means to stop all incoming food and Green is for all you can eat meat at the slowest pace on the planet. 
If you want all you can eat, than hit up the Wynn. Atleast you can eat the main course whenever you want.
Service is slow and I would not recommed coming here for that steep price.
No desert due to slow service. Oh by the way.. 4 people came out to be 166.98. for 10 lbs of salt in my body. Wow. I am glad I had the chance to walk it off. Like it really mattter.
Found out about this place from the people selling half-price show tickets at the Coke Factory thing. The half-price show ticket place also sells tickets to this place for a discount. Most of the customers here were from that place. 
The concept is great. Serve lots of BBQ'ed meats on large swords to hungry guests. However, the execution of this idea was very poor. Most of the meat that came out was very dry and almost burnt. Luckily the wait staff was very helpful and willing to bring us some "medium-rare" meats. The "medium-rare" was really medium, which was tolerable compared to the hard black rocks they were bringing out earlier. The best meats of the night were the lamb, and the parmesan filet mignon. Based solely on the food, this would be a 2 star place, but because they were so nice in bringing out rarer meats and keeping the food coming, they get 1 more star. a weak 3 stars.
Ok. We went to tix4tonight to buy tickets so we could come here for lunch. The lunch is $11.99 + $3 tixfortonight service fee. So the total comes to about $36 for 2.  The salad bar was actually quite good and fresh. However, the meat is way below average. The variety is little and some of the chicken and pork weren't even cooked. I was worried that they use the same knife which cut the half cooked pork.  The value isn't bad. But food wasn't great. Overall, I probably won't come here again while it was still a decent experience.

For lunch there were only these served
sausage, chicken, prime rib?, pork, pineapple and ham, bacon.
The main reason I'm not giving this 2 stars is that the salad bar was pretty good and had a decent amount of variety.

Now on to the sucky part:
Bad Meat all around. Too dry or not flavorful enough. We ordered the 10 course (iirc) meat dinner and maybe 1 or 2 were actually good.

For the quality of food, this place is a little pricy even for Vegas (at least the dinners are). 


I can understand if the negatives are small things like ambiance or maybe the service. But when the food itself isn't that good then you've got a problem. I'm by no means an expert when it comes to Brazilian food, but I've had much much better.

Horrible coconut mojitos
No as good as Cleo's in San Bruno, CA - and the salad bar is nothing to rave about, but I've done the tickets for tonight thing, and gotten a decent deal for dinner here.

It's fun - it's not  the best thing ever - but it's fun, and I'm a huge meat eater if I know I have a night of drinking ahead of me - so its an excellent place, if you need that same prospective.

The service was friendly - I will give them that. 

If others want to go on my next trip down in 2 weeks, I'm game.  

mmmmm beef.  lamb. pork.  meat..
Still not as good as Cleo's in San Bruno, but (and maybe I was more drunk this time) a great place to have dinner.  Came with a really good friend on my trip down to LV last week.

We ate, and ate and oh god, we ate more.  The meat just kept coming.  I don't think I've ever eatten that much lamb in one sitting.

Wine list is reasonable (for LV) and fun, with lots of fun choices.  I would totally come back again if in the area.  Still if you are in the bay area, go check out cleo's
Came here because of some family from Chicago who wanted to eat Brazilian food...The first thing I have to say is that the service here sucks....

Didn't give us water until 15-20 minutes after we ordered from two different waiters....Didnt get my dressing on the side.....Never was checked on at all during my meal....

I ordered the lunch salmon sandwich which had some roasted onions, tomoatoes, and cheese on a hoagie type roll, a side of a caesar salad (which tasted like crap!), and a small slice of watermelon for dessert.

Just horrible....
meat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had high expectations of this place considering my first Brazilian BBQ experience was with Espetus Churrascaria in San Francisco.  Pampas came very close to meeting those expectations.

The food here was really good.  Out table, including myself, ordered a combination style dinner that included meat and seafood.  I was under the impression places like this only specialized in meat, so the seafood was a delightful surprise and a nice contrast to red, bloody and savory meat.  My favorite items on the menu: Picanha (served nearly rare), Louisiana sausage, Herb Chicken, Scallops wrapped in bacon, fried cod, and grilled pineapple.  Surprisingly, they didn't have any chicken hearts (a popular item among my friends).  Our waiter explained that it was a menu item they used to carry, but scared a lot of people so it was taken off the menu.  The salad bar options were larger than expected, they had a good variety of veggies and pastas to choose from.  I particularly liked the fried mashed potatoes and fried bread.  The sea food plate was awesome. It's delivered to the table as it's cooked, that way you don't get seafood that's been sitting under a hot lamp.

We were seated promptly from our reservation time. The place is setup nicely, with quasi private areas for large parties.  The area we sat in could easily host a party of more than 20 people.  Our waiter was very friendly and personable.

Once we were seated, a barrage of waiters came out to deliver our food, one just as quick as the other.  As we got halfway through our dinner, things began to slow down, the waiters approached us more infrequently.  But by this time, I was already full out of my mind so I didn't care much.  I think it was apparent my stomach was waving the white flag of defeat.

The only thing I didn't like was the lack of selection when it came to their BBQ options.  There was still plenty to choose from, but not as much as I expected having gone to other Brazilian BBQ's restaurants.  As far as price goes, be sure to have a wallet to match your appetite.  This place is not for penny pincher's.  Overall, I really enjoyed this place.  I would definitely revisit Pampas the next time I'm in town.
Came here for a family friend's mini reunion. We had about a group of 20 with us. Service was good. Our waiter made sure we were all taken care of. Loooooots of meat to choose from. A group of servers bring it by on long shish kabob sticks and slice the meat over your plate. In the process I discovered a new heart attack method: turkey wrapped in bacon. Yumm! I can't say I'll be running back to Pampas any time soon. But it was an interesting (and pricey) experience.
If I could give 0 starts I would. 

I am brazilian and I have very high standards when it comes to Churrascarias. But this one is a JOKE!!!!!!!!!

I was very excited to find a Pampas in Vegas because Pampas is a franchise from Brazil. So i thought... Yay authentic brazilian bbq? Hell yeah! 

I went with my bf at the time and I was very excited to take him there and show him what real brazilian bbq was all about. 

BIG MISTAKE!

The service was HORRIBLE! The waiter didn't ask us what we wanted to drink at all. we sat there for about 45 mins before anyone even came to say hi. 

The green and red system obviously does not work there because we were starving and anxiously waiting for the waiters carrying juicy meet only to realize that they were serving EVERYONE around us but skipping us!  (YES THE GREEN SIDE WAS UP)

They don't have a good variety, the meat was hard to swallow and it was nothing like the franchises in Brazil!

To top it all off, I was dissappointed with the meal but i insisted on dessert because I really wanted my passionfruit mousse! ( I miss this a lot and eat lost of it when I go to Brazil)

The mousse was so sour I could not eat it without making a face! Worst mousse ever!

If you are ever in Vegas, MacDonald's is a better choice than this place!
First meal when I arrived to LV last weekend.  I knew of the one in PA and had always wanted to try it.  I didn't even know of this location until I entered the Miracle Mile shops inside Planet Hollywood.  I was primed and ready to go on the meat-fest extravaganza.  $39 for the meat only and $50 for the meat and seafood, both of which included cold salad bar visits.  Feeling adventurous, I super-sized to include the seafood, just out of curiosity.

The salad bar was OK, they had some cold and hot vegetable dishes as well as smoked salmon and salad stuff.  Once the food started arriving, I made sure only to try one piece of each meat and no more.  Unfortunately, when eating that much meat, I realized that it was hard to appreciate and taste them individually flavor wise.  In the interest of saving your stomach, I recommend you avoid the brazilian sausage which came out dry, the lamb which tasted a little too game-ish, and the turkey wrapped in bacon, wasn't too impressive.  The seafood consisted of scallops wrapped in bacon, grilled salmon, tempura battered cod, and shrimps with a butter sauce.  The salamon was dry and the cod's flavor was masked by the deep frying.  I'd only recommend the shrimp out of all the four and better to order them as a skewer than doing the rodizio.

Make sure not to order the coconaut mojito on their cocktail menu.  Coconaut and mint don't go together despite what our server enthusiastic words.  I had the red wine sangria which was okay...it wasn't as fruity as I have had before in Spanish tapas restaurants.

Average cost per diner for dinner is $70.  I'm glad I got to try this once and this place is worth at least a try but I can't imagine coming here regularly.  But if you want to avoid not feeling nine months pregnant afterwards, I highly suggest restraint and small bites throughout the meal.
We were craving some Brazilian food and because we were in unfamiliar territory (Las Vegas, NV) we turned to good old Yelp for some options. This place didn't have the greatest reviews but we decided to give it a go anyways.

.::Overall::.

Seafood dinner (includes: shrimp, bacon wrap scallops, battered fish and grilled salmon) - Shrimp - good - scallops - ok (bacon was chewy) - battered fish - good - grilled salmon - bad (very dry no flavor) 

Lamb - good

Filet Mignon in Parmesan cheese - not so good (over cooked in my taste)

Smoked Salmon w/capers - very good

Pasta salad - very good

Tomato/Mozzarella & Basil - Very good

.::Recommendation???::.

I don't know if we caught them on bad night or what. I seemed to prefer the dishes on the salad/appetizer station better than the seafood and meat that I was served. It's a nice restaurant but IMO Espetus in SF had better meat & seafood.
Yeah it's shame too.
The first time i came here i got a deal through the ticket discounts.
I loved the salad bar. And it's been clean everytime i've been.
There just isn't much. BUT for good reason. There is a lot of meat coming your way.
The filet mignon is good. But now they add parmeson which makes me thirsty. 
The trip tip is the best.
 The Streak Strip is good.
The Ham and pineapple isn't bad
The lamb is a toss up. Sometimes it's good. Sometimes they over do it.
the brazillian speciality drink ( i can't spell it nor pronounce it!) I can't stand anymore. But a regulaur sex on the beach or rum and coke it usually. But pricey. We're talking 8-10 dollars or more. 
THe atmosphre is nice. And occasionally there are some really good servers.
I know there are  a lot of bad reviews here. But there are people who come here almost on a weekly basis. So I'd say overall it's a gamble. 
They should really up their game.
 Oh and skip the dessert. Not really good here.
Our waiter was really nice, and the place was clean.

Salad bar had a great selection without being overbearing.  And the choices were delicious.

As far as the food on the swords, I wasn't impressed.  Compared to other Brazilian spots I've been too, there just wasn't a great variety of selection.  The tri-tip was the best one.  The filet mignon was dry and the parmesan crust was AWFUL.  Filet should melt in your mouth.  I knawed until my jaw hurt, and that was only after I spent several minutes cutting through it.

All of the poultry was salty.  The turkey wrapped bacon did nothing for the taste of the meat but make it too salty.  

The seafood was decent, but I've definitely had better.
My favorite thing was the ham and pineapple, but only because the pineapple was so good.

It definitely wasn't worth the money we spent.  My one major gripe was the time between the meat presentations.  I felt like we were kept waiting so that our appetites would catch up to our digestion.  I guess that's one way to keep up profits.
If I had never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, I would have still thought the service a bit slow.  However, having been to Fogo de Chao and a couple of others like it in Atlanta, I know how good it can be and this doesn't measure up.  If you are paying big money on the strip you should match or outdo anything in Atlanta, so to see this fall short is really disappointing.  Someone in Vegas set this thing up and is just going through the motions.
Yummers! We got discounted vouchers at the Tickets 4 Less counters on the strip. Paid $3 to get the discounted price of $24.95 instead of the regular price of $41. The guy at the ticket counter said they sell the most vouchers for Pampas than all their shows combined. Good deal. The dinner was all you can eat of 10 meats. I have to say, my favorite was the roasted herb chicken. Some of the meat was a bit dry and tough to chew through, but I was pretty satisfied with the different flavors. There are some other brazilian bbq places where the meats just all start tasting the same. Another favorite was the bacon wrapped turkey. The turkey was really moist, but I think that's because it was processed. They came out in cubes on those long sticks. If I remember correctly, there were two types of filet mignon. I remember liking the one that wasn't with parmesan .
The service here was excellent. We brought our own wine. When we called, they said the corkage fee was $15, but it turned out to be $10. Our waiter and also a manager kept checking in on us and taking away our plates. Additionally, there was a separate buffet with lots of salad choices. I liked the pineapple salad, kale, and the fried bananas. Yummers again!
FAIL!

I've been to a couple different Brazilian churrascaria's before and this was probably the worst that I've had.  I expect more from Vegas.  Perhaps it was that we were having a late lunch and were in between their lunch and dinner meats, but this assumption still doesn't make up for the poor tasting food, horrible service, and price.

Atmosphere:
The restaurant itself looks great and has a nice ambiance.  The bar has several drink selections to choose from as well as you wait.  The restaurant is hidden between a couple others within the Miracle Mile shops located in Planet Hollywood, and to me can stay hidden.

Food:
We had a party of 4.  3 had the meat plates and I had the mix plate of both meat and seafood.  I was in the mood for some good surf and turf!  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.

As with most typical Brazilian churascarias an all you can eat buffet style bar was available for salads, side dishes, and appetizers.  The selection was not too bad with some pasta salad, rice, beans, and even fried banana.  This banana was probably my favorite treat of the meal.

The meat I found to be very dry.  We sampled all the meats from the filet to the sausage and none of them blew my mind or were exceptionally good.  The filet mignon was the best one by far and was not a great as most steak houses.

The seafood comes all at 1 time with 3 bacon-wrapped scallops, 3 grilled shrimps, a piece of salmon, and a piece of fried fish.  You have to specifically ask for more of the seafood from your waitress, but more on that later.  The flavors were ok for the salmon, scallops, and shrimp.  Just not phenomenal.

Service:
We were greeted upon entering with a smile and that's always a plus.  We were then offered a tour of the kitchen.  Sure why not...the tour is nothing to jump at as you take a few steps through a small corridor into the kitchen and see all the meats cooking above a vat of fatty grease.  This alone should of killed my appetite, but then again I'll pretty much eat anything at anytime.  I guess they wanted to show how cool the cooking process was???  Or maybe they want you to be grossed out so you don't eat as much?

Here is the biggest gripe the service from the waitress.  She took forever to just take our orders.  The food then took even longer to come out.  I thought that meat would come and go until we had to "tap out" due to over consumption.  No it came every few minutes or so as my belly filled with side dishes.  We specifically requested the filet mignon on 3 separate occasions and it seemed to come out just as the check came out...I'm on to your cost savings plan!

Price:
We were given the lunch menu as we sat a little before 3PM and the plates are slightly cheaper than the dinner menu.  But of course when the bill came we were charged the dinner prices.  We quickly mentioned it to the waitress that gave us slight attitude before changing the prices back.

Lunch price is fair.

Such high expectations and such a let down...
Best fried bananas I've ever experienced.

As far as a "meat buffet", the sirloin steak was good, but oversalted. The lamb was decent, but there was no mint jelly to be found.  The herb chicken was the best meat on the menu, IMHO.

Do yourself a favor and buy the discounted meal voucher at the Tickets 4 Less counter (cost $3) for a $23.95 adult meal price.
Pampas, presumably named after the Pampa region of Brazil, was a perfectly acceptable choice for a pre-show meal, recommended to us by the folks at Tix 4 Tonight. (See the other Yelp reviews to explain the discount.) Having arrived more than thirty minutes late due to a logistics problem* our party was concerned that we would not have enough time to eat or worse, lose our reservation completely. Upon arrival we were assured by the friendly hostesses that we could be fed and on our way in under an hour. Casting furtive glances at one another, our party of five decided to take a chance and be seated.

I'm glad we did so.

Our waitress, Michelle, did an extraordinary job of corralling a tireless squadron of saber-rattling picanha peddlers (passadores) who were all too willing to slice you off another portion of their allotted meat assignment (rodizio). Every few minutes, a wave of sizzling meat arrived tableside just begging that we claw at it with our individually administered "meat tongs". Those looking to capitalize on the premium offerings are advised to skip the chicken and turkey wrapped bacon and double up on the pinchana, pineapple ham and Brazilian sausage.

Also worth mentioning was the side bar that came with the Rodizio specials. Highlights include the spicy black beans and sausage, the caprese (wish it had fresh basil instead of dried) and the fried bananas.

I don't recommend going for the Surf and Turf Rodizio, however. An apparent afterthought, the strangely presented fish (platter/tile/metal sheet?) was ice cold, tasteless and uninviting. A shame really as I was totally looking forward to the bacon wrapped scallops. After making a mention of this to our server she was deeply apologetic and took it off our bill.

Overall the meal was of three star quality, but garners a fourth star overall because of the impeccable service we received. Thanks to hostess' ability to seat us within five minute (despite completely missing our reservation) and Michelle's vigilant watch over our table, we were not only able to enjoy a large meal in under an hour, but also had enough time to have dessert. I myself enjoyed rich cappuccino while a friend enjoyed the flan.

* Top Tip: If you're arriving here by taxi, do not tell your driver to simply drop you off at Planet Hollywood. Doing so will result in you having to traverse a near half mile length of casino floor rooms AND almost the entire stretch of Miracle Mile Shops. Instead I recommend trying to find a way to be let off closer to the end of the mall. Your lady friends in heels will most assuredly be thankful.
We went for lunch when the prices must be less than dinner.  It was only 18.99 for the Meat and Salad Bar option.  And it sounds like the food is the same, so I would try to work it for lunch if you can.  The salad bar is nice with some meats, cheeses, salads, rice, black beans, fried plantains, meatballs, and kale.  The grilled options were quite succulent and delicious.  Favorites were the bacon-wrapped turkey, sirloin, pork tenderloin, and grilled pineapple (okay, that is not a meat but it was delicious).  Every skewer of meat had a wonderful caramelization on the outside and flavorful juiciness inside.  Yea!  I knew that this place would not be as wonderful as Fogo De Chao, but I would still place it right up there.
I'm not very big on these all meat buffets, but the guy (1/2 price tickets) told us it worth it. The service was good with people carrying skewers full of meat walking around asking you "Would you like garlic filet mignon, beef tenderloin, bacon wrapped turkey, pineapple, and etc!" It was all a bit over whelming! Don't get me wrong, the food was good but just too much to my liking! Definately ALOT better then what we have at home with Ipanema!
Visting Vegas from San Diego, you really dont expect to eat anything but casino buffets during your visit. Fortunately, me and my buddies happened to run into Pampas on the way to one of the buffets. There was a hotess outside, later on I found out she was the manager, Michele Riordan. She was super friendly and even offered to give us a tour of the restaurant before we decide if we wanted to eat there or not. 

After the tour, we were nothing but convinced! All you can eat meat and seafood. The salad bar was fresh and food was excellent! We went during lunch, so it wasn't to busy. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. He made sure our drinks were re-filled and plenty of food stayed on our table. 

Sidenote: Its making my mouth water just writing this review! =P. lol
My favorite item, had to be the scallops wrapped in bacon! 

Overall, if you're looking for a nice place to eat and you're a meat eater and especially a seafood lover, this place would be perfect for you spend your buffet money on this place! And if your counting calories don't even waste your time here.         

The food was YUMMY! Can't wait to go back!
When you go to Vegas, it's always good to gorge yourself just once, why not here at Pampas? Brazilian Grille with endless kinds of meats and a small but eclectic salad bar to choose from. 

Since I'm working in Vegas at the PH I got a little discount, but it still showed that it's a good deal even without the extra off. 

The servers were quick and dedicated to the table and if you weren't paying attention to the Green/Red Pawn on your table they'll keep bringing you meat! In waves of Beef, Pork, Chicken, Lamb and Turkey.

But the best, enjoy the pineapple, As Molly says it's not meat, but it's sooooo goood. 

Cheers!
Got some discount for lunch, so it was only $13 before tax.
The quality of the meat were great.  Very tender and flaverful.  
My fav was the pork tenderloin.  Nice mix of fat and tender meat.  

The only problem that day was the service, which was very slow.  They warned me when I went in, so maybe they were short on staff for some reason that day.  
So since they didn't come around very often, some of the good stuff, like the pineapple, just showed up once, in the 1 hr I was there.
The meat was not as good as you will find at a top notch steakhouse, yet you pay the same price.  The side dishes are served buffet style, and there wasn't a lot of selection.   However I will admit, that the sides that they did have were tasty, but could have been hotter.  The hostess checked us in, and we had a reservation, it took them 20 minutes to get a table ready (when we were starring at all the empty tables) and at that we had to sit outside in the mall.  We ate dinner with annoying teenagers around us, it was pretty bad.  They did bring around a good amount of meat, and a variety of it, which was nice.  However, the regular waiter never came back to check on us, I never got a refill I asked for TWICE, and we had to wait 20 minutes after we asked for the check to actually get it.  This was my first experience at a Brazilian Steakhouse, and I sure hope they aren't all this bad.  I will definitely not be back.
I've had better Brazilian bbq elsewhere, but I guess if you don't have this in your hometown, it's worth a try.  The waiter wasn't very attentive, but the meat servers were excellent.  Some of the meat was a little dry.
I normally love Brazilian food, but this place sucked!  You pay $40 per person and a bunch of guys walk around with meat on a skewer and cut off pieces for you.  We had our choice of I think 10 different meats.  Sadly, most of them lacked flavor and just were overly salty.  The salad bar was good however, but still not worth the hefty $40 price tag for some salad and a few pieces of meat.
WOW!  This is my first time eating at a Brazilian restaurant.  The experience was amazing and the Father's Day gift certificate ($40 off through the month of June) was the icing on the cake.
Pamas Churrascaria is tucked into the south end of the Planet Hollywood shops.  If you go in the correct door, it is immediately on the left - otherwise you get to wander through the maze of 170 shops looking for it.
We had reservations (highly recommended) and still waited for about 10 minutes to get a table (not too bad).  The host was very good but spoke a little too fast for this novice to catch everything he was saying.
One of the managers (Michele R.) came by while we were waiting on our drinks and talked with us about Pampas and what we could expect.  From my questions, she offered us a tour of the kitchen and then took our picture in front of the grill.  This was a very nice touch and certainly helped me to understand what to expect from the overall experience.  She also made herself available to us throughout the night - checking back to make sure everything was just right for us.
Michelle (our server) is from Chicago and has the great Chicago accent.  She is friendly, knowledgeable and fun to talk with.  Service could have been a little faster for my taste but at 7:15 on a Saturday evening with a wedding party on board, it gets a little bit crazy around there.
The food is amazing - 10 different kinds of meats, all freshly carved and served at your table.  The all-you-can-eat seafood was freshly prepared and very good but I was already getting full from the all-you-can-eat meat and salad and side bar by the time it arrived.
The desert tray looked fantastic but since I cannot have sugar, I asked about some strawberries.  Michele R. came to my rescue (again).  The rest of my table enjoyed the chocolate mousse.
This place is fantastic.  I love it.  If you are going to a show after dinner, allow yourself 2 to 2/12 hours for dinner and transportation to the show.
T's cousin had her wedding dinner here in a private room.  How could I resist trying "just a little" of everything?  Nothing exotic like alligator... Just the standard and all pretty damn yum.  But, I don't care how distracted by meat skewers you are.  Promise me, whatever you do, don't miss the cheezy biscuits!  Seriously, I must have had a dozen.  I have no idea whether cheezy biscuits are Brazilian or not and I don't care.  Cheezy, cheezy, cheezy heaven.  3-1/2 cheezy stars.

And, bonus points for the never empty glass of Cabernet!
having been to 2 other brazilian bbqs near DC, i wasn't sure what to expect.

i must say i was slightly dissapointed.  Their meat selection wasnt as impressive.  while they had a good selection of "other" meats(lamb, chicken, turkey, pork), i was dissapointed in their beef selection.  no ribeye, no short loins, and their filet mignon wasnt that good either.

the salad bar also was pretty standard....not a whole lot just a few basics.  the salad bar at texas de brazil would blow this one away.

probably the highlight was the grilled pineapple...thats not a good thing when your specialty is meat.
Took 20 minutes for the skewers to start coming out but once they it was nonstop. The meats and sangria were average. The only good thing was the filet mignon and the quantity of sangria we got for $10 was more than any other place where I've ordered the drink. Our server was friendly  but the people carving the meat were either robotic or seemed frustrated.
I was pretty disappointed with this place.

There was only one type of beef coming around. I am used to several types at my local churrascaria. Peppered, Garlic, this cut, that cut...
Sausages were just ok.
Turkey wrapped in Bacon was probably the best thing they offered me.

The sides/salad bar was pretty small and not a great variety. Which really doesn't matter so much to me because I just get some rice and the powder stuff for dipping the meat in.

Servers were either all robots, or all hungover... no life to them.
And they sure took their sweet time coming out from the back... Don't they know to not keep food from me like that? Maybe that is why the knives were duller than a party at Joe Biden's.
They didn't want me shankin them for the whole skewer of meat.

Caipirinha was OK, but try the White Wine Sangria here... excellent.


Oh- I almost forgot. My coupon for $3 off per person mysteriously vanished from the table.
3 star food, 5 star happy hour. A little hard to find, it is all the way in the back of the Planet Hollywood casino mall.

$1 well drinks, half price beer and halp price apps and sanwiches for happy hour, one of the best happy hours I have seen. Shannon is a great bartender and I would return to the place just to see her. The only negative was the local regulars who were all cheesy time-share salesmen. They made used car dealers seem classy as they shared their stories of hard selling midwest saps for hours until they gave in. If you are thinking of buying a Vegas time-share, stop by this bar first, there is no way you would buy one afterwards.

Food is ok, but it is no Texas de Brazil. The salad bar was the smallest and plainest of any Brazillian steakhouse I have been to. Nothing spectacular.

The meats were below average and all well past medium rare. The best was the garlic sirloin, the worst was the filet mignon which was way overcooked and almost well done. Pork and turkey were ok.

I will definitely return for the happy hour, but would order off the bar sandwich menu next time.
I love the picanha tri-tip.  I could eat just that and some salad.  I'm good.  Drop a pitcher of iced tea and let me be.  If I'm coming for a specific dish then I'm not complaining about anything else.  The meat kept coming and we were fighting to keep up.

The service was OK.  Our server was attentive and comedic.  The guys bringing out the meat were and I'll agree robotic, but we got them talking and laughing with us.

I don't want to overstuff myself on the salad bar, so I could care less if there wasn't a large variety.  I had the spinach salad, some rice, potato salad, fruit and that was about it for me and the salad bar.  I would come back for the meat.

I do prefer the Pampas fast food grille at the Grove in L.A. just because you can stand in line, get your food, eat and get going.
My mom and sisters decided on a place for lunch on a sunday. I had no idea until i was looking for it in Planet hollywood. It was a bit hard to find, so i just asked someone to help.

First, the surprise came from fashion show tix4tonight booth. It was like 3.00 a person for a discounted rate for lunch.

Second, the service was great. Our waiter was constantly checking on us, and refilling our drinks.

Third, I ordered the Surf and turf. I am more a meat person than seafood. I cannot recommend the seafood selection it was a bit dry and a bit too healthy. I recommend the meat selection, the tri-tip, and chicken was great. But what really stood out was the turkey sausage, bacon wrapped turkey, pork tenderloin. These were really, really good. It was all you can eat and I was stuffed.

The salad bar, was a bit thin but i was there for meat. So i have no complaints. I am visitng again very soon. I heard during dinner then have 12 types of meat but it was very busy and you had to make reservations. Lunch was great, it was pretty empty and had no problems getting food or drinks.

I hate eating bad food, or bad service. We had no problems what so ever.
Probably the worst Brazilian BBQ experience I have had. We got a discounted rate through Tix4Tonight for $20 per person so it was reasonably priced but we got what we paid for in this case. I would be mad if I paid full price. 

At Pampas, the service was indifferent. We had water refilled once during a 90-minute meal. The reason it was so long was the meat came out so slowly. All of the meat was overcooked. I think I saw one piece of beef that had any pink to it. All the rest of the beef was grey and chewy. The pork was fatty (which I usually appreciate) but in this case even the lumps of fat was not enough to offset the scaly texture of the over cooked pork loin. The only good meat was the bacon wrapped turkey. If all of the meat was as well prepared as the turkey this would have been a much different experience despite the service. The only other skewered item I would recommend is the grilled pineapple. The salad bar was not big nor was the food there mediocre. Finding it was not terribly easy either and certainly not worth the effort. 

If you are in Vegas and in the mood for Brazilian BBQ I would recommend Texas de Brazil or Sambas if you want the convenience of a location in a casino.
I had seen this restaurant last time we were in Las Vegas, and having had a great experience at Greenfields, another churrascuria  in California, I was anxious to give it a try... The atmosphere was very nice, the service was okay, but the food was just not very good. The cold food and sides bar was very skimpy, and, like many others here, we found the meat to be dry, overcooked and lacking in seasoning. Even wtih a $50 off coupon and no alcoholic drinks the bill was $50 for 2, so it was not worth it for me!
the group i went with had a discount, so we only paid about $25/person for the all you can eat meat buffet.  (i think originally it's like $35/person, but i'm not 100% sure).

so the price at 25 is good, if i had to pay 35/person this place woulda been more like a 2 or 2.5 star.

basically people walk around the tables holding different assortments of meat and if you like what u see, they carve a piece for you.

the meat is for the most part juicy, but i felt the "salad bar" was quite sad and shouldnt be allowed to be called a salad bar.  i dont eat THAT much meat, so i didnt enjoy this as much as my male counterparts.
Expected more than the service and food that was provided especially being in Planet Hollywood! Service was ok but food was undercooked and did not meet the taste of churascarrias like Texas or others!!!

I passed up Samba at the Mirage to come here, I am sure I missed out and will be hitting up the Mirage next time we are in Vegas!
If this was your first trip to a Brazilian barbecue, you might think it's pretty good because of the all u can eat meat.  However, I have been to much better.  Actually, every other Brazilian barbecue I have been to was better.  

Notes:
+ Bacon-wrapped turkey was soft and flavorful.
- Lamb was way overcooked and very tough
- Tri-tip was very chewy, wanted to spit it out
- Service was weak, my water glass went empty most of the dinner
- I asked for the grilled pineapple five times before it came back to my table.

The worst part was they added an 18% ($18!) service charge to my bill because I used a gift certificate that I bought at a discount.  This was unacceptable since there were only two people in my party.
My memory of this place is a little fuzzy (Vegas will do that to you) but I thoroughly enjoyed eating here.  I was with a group of 14 people for dinner. We made reservations and when we arrived, we were seated right away. You get the choice of going all-you-can-eat-meat or pay a bit more for a big seafood meal. Go with the meat meal because the meats are among the juiciest, most savory I've ever tasted and you can still get smoked salmon at the buffet (which was actually my favorite of everything I tried).  I feel like the meat variety wasn't as big as other Brazilian buffets I've been to, but again it could be the fuzzy memory.  They sell pitchers of Sangria (for an additional cost) which are great to split with one or two friends.

The only negative part of the experience was paying the bill.  We had some kind of passes from the MGM which were supposed to bring the meal down to $23 per person.  Granted I split a pitcher of sangria with 2 other people, I still didn't expect my meal to come out to $40.  It turns out the automatic gratuity fee they apply for groups is based on the price of the meal BEFORE any discounts. Oh well.
Man this what I am talking about. A carousel of meat galore handed to you until you quit. Wanna throw in some surf and turf with that? No problemo. The best meat options: turkey wrapped bacon, pork sirloin, the bacon wrapped scallops. Staff was friendly and attentive. They even offered a tour of the place before we ate there, and how the meats are cooked in a special grill. Their salad bar was pretty impressive, and I would catch the fried banana if you have chance.
The food is great here, but FI & I made the mistake of going to the Wynn buffet a few hours earlier. We thought we would've been hungry by the time our reservation came, but we were wrong! We did enjoy the experience though. We never tried Brazilian BBQ before, so we're happy with it. :)
We went here a while back since we had a restaraunt.com certificate to try it and i had never been to a brazillian grille.... All I can say is WOW!!  Your meal comes with a delicious brazillian buffet style salad bar which includes things like fried plantaines and other things you do not normally find at buffets. The best part of the meal is yet to come so dont eat to much off of the buffet. The waiters then start to bring around a parade of scwered meat. Parmesean crusted fillet mignon, bacon wrapped turkey, roast beef, spicy chicken, tri tip, Etc. The best part is that they cut it directly off the spit and put it on your plate. This was some of the best meat we had ever eaten. And towards the end of the meal they brought out a fresh grilled pineapple. This was amazing. You just eat until you are done and then flip the top you have at the table over so it is red as to say STOP WITH THE PARADE OF MEAT!!  If you leave the green side up they will continue to offer you more and more and more. If you are coming to vegas i would recommend this if you are a meat eater.
The place:
Located in the Planet Hollywood "Miracle Mile" shops it didn't look like much from the outside.  We actually sat outside in the mall, but went through the restaurant to get the food.  The interior decorating is what should be described as Brazilian?

The food:
We sampled just about everything. Ham, top sirloin (pixhaca?), spicy and sweet chicken, pineapple, pork tenderloin, sausage, and bacon wrapped turkey.  The standouts were the pork tenderloin and the bacon wrapped turkey.  All of the buffet stuff inside was seriously depleted when we first tried to sample it, but was restocked quickly and was tasty.  The buffet included; stewed meat, cheeses, salad, fried plantains, rolls, lentils, pineapple salsa, squid salad, cheesy potatoes, Caprese salad, Swiss chard. 

The bottom line:
Great experience, started a bit slow, but once the skewers started coming they were paced just fine. Gilbert was great waiter as were all of the guys wielding the skewers.
We rolled in on a Sunday night 9:30 pm.  Desperate really, for something palatable at this useless hour.  The place was dead, and the guy immediately offered us a "15%" discount.  After more research turns out they always do that.  Not much of a discount eh?
It's about $33 for an all you can eat Brazilian bbq.  You can get the all you can eat surf and turf for about $10 more.  We just went with the standard selection.
Their buffet bar was decent, lots of Mediterranean style sides, tons of olives, cheese, pasta, etc., they definitely are confused.
The meat was OK, I've definitely had better.  The thing about Brazilian BBQ's is that you get what you pay for, so if you want high quality all you can eat meats, you're gonna have to fork over at least $50/person.
Overall, highly mediocre experience, lots of food though.
I have really beening trying to drag my wife to try a place like this for a while and I am sad to say that this was her first experience at this style restaurant. 

We tried the lunch.

The food was just okay and the service sucked!!! 

The high points for me were the pork tenderloin, sausage, top sirloin and pineapple. 

The salad bar was very disappointing. A couple different options but nothing really stood out. I did eat my fill on the meat. Since we went for lunch it was only about $13. per person with the monorail discount. 

Our waiter Shaun was the worst excuse for hired help I have ever seen. Hardly ever saw him and when we did we had to flag him down to stop at our table. 

It will be hard for me to convince my wife to try a place like this again.
Sushi . .  baklava . . .  Brazilian BBQ? Is Brazilian BBQ the new trendy food option that everyone pretends to like just to be down? Maybe. I'll reserve my judgment because this was my first and so far only BBBQ experience. 

Here's how it works: They have a buffet with salad, beans and rice, which is good. Then people come to your table with different types of overcooked meat and put it on your plate. They have a turkey meat that is basically turkey sandwich meat in cube form. At $40 per person, the food was disappointing. 

Luckily, our waiter probably sensed we were underwhelmed and put an imaginary $40 off coupon or our bill. However, even at half the price, I wouldn't go back to Pampas. I'd rather get room service and listen to Nancy Grace tell me her opinion of Tiger Woods.
We ate here on a Monday night.  We had reservations for five at 9:45 p.m.  We made our reservations through Tix 4 Tonight / Tix 4 Dinner.  This allowed us to pay 1/2 price.  

Upon arrival the hostess showed us to our table.  The initial service was a little slow but we expected that from the other reviews.  Our waiter appeared and we gave him our 1/2 price voucher.  He told us how things work, took our drink order and told us we could help ourselves to the salad bar.

I have been to Brazilian Steakhouses in Houston, San Diego, Dallas, Florida and Buenos Aires.  This one follows the typical format.  Large salad bar and then the endless parade of meats.  

Standouts at the salad bar included the salmon which was spicy.  I also liked the plaintains.  

The meat was very good.  Plenty of it.  Servers that knew rare from well done.  Lamb, steak, chicken.  A particular standout was the spicy chicken.  The serving size was very large, moist and perfectly seasoned.  Diners at the table also enjoyed the turkey wrapped in bacon.  It was different and a nice change of pace from the meat.  

The staff was attentive and even brought us additional lamb when requested.  A small complaint was that the filet mignon had a slightly gamey flavor that it shouldn't have had but the picanha was on target.

Also, this style of steakhouse typically uses a lot of salt on their meats and if you are not used to the flavor then it can sometimes get overwhelming.  

Remember.  You do not have to have a slice of every meat or item that is brought to your table.  You can and should be selective.  

The wine list had reasonable values for a restaurant in a hotel casino.  For example, a Kaiken Malbec by the bottle was $35.00. House wine was $30.

Four stars because of the 1/2 price voucher.  (Total meal cost with two bottles of wine was $48 per person with tip).  Only three if we had to pay full price.
This place is great if you have a big appetite and love meat. There's whole salad bar with artichokes, caprese salad, calamari salad, etc, which is a tasty accompaniment to the meal. I got the seafood plate with shrimp, scallops, grilled salmon, and "tempura" cod. The salmon was a little dry and the cod too oily, but the shrimp and bacon wrapped scallops were good. I wouldn't recommend the seafood plate.

My boyfriend got the all you can eat meat instead. This was clearly the better choice. There was an assortment of lamb, sirloin, chicken etc. My favorite was the lamb with balsamic reduction, very tender and flavorful. My boyfriend loved the spicy chicken. Succulent, delicious meat.

We saved by using the Tix4tonite ($24).
Worst restaurant I have ever been to, the food is mediocre but worse service simply cannot be found anywhere else.  My party of 11 had reservations for Pampas....even so, it took them more than 45 minutes to get us our table.  Most waiters look forward to large parties - lots of potential for tips - however ours avoided us.

The menu has some good offerings on it.  However, because it had taken so long to seat us and our waiter was not being attentive, most of us ordered the salad bar because we were running short on time.  Irritated that the majority of the party was not ordering the most expensive thing on the menu (keep in mind, we were a group of well dressed, well-to-do people), the waiter began collecting up rodizio plates from the table as loud as he possibly could, as if being passive-aggressive would put more time on the clock for us.  We then pointed out that he'd failed to take the meal orders from three of the people in our party, which irritated him further.  He mistakenly collected a rodizio plate from one of the party who ordered the meat rodizio (the all you can eat meat) and when the diner informed him that he shouldn't have taken the plate away, argued with the diner for 5 minutes before checking what he himself had written down for the meal order.

The food at the salad bar was decent - good variety and mostly well done, and does a good job as light fare.  The people who were most disappointed were those who ordered the all-you-can-eat meat.  The menu said it was a "neverending parade of meats".  In actuality, they were not served for 20 minutes while the rest of us were eating from the bar, and neither was anybody else in the restaurant.  The manager stopped by to ask if people were getting their meats, to which we told him no, not in the past 20 minutes.  I'm guessing he chewed out the wait staff, because a slow trickle of the rotiserrie spear holding waiters slowly started making their rounds, albeit it was far from being a "neverending parade" and all of the servers appeared sour and grouchy that they were being made to work.  Most would come by, cut off one small slice, and walk off leaving my friends sitting there trying to flag them down for more.

As for the meat itself?  Nothing special.  Most of it was overcooked.  The bacon wrapped turkey was good, but how often is bacon-wrapped anything bad?  Overall it was very disappointing for the price tag, and the people who were most satisfied were those who just got the $19 salad bar because they were either not hungry or in a rush to leave.

Funnily enough, they have red and green markers to be put on the table, green to sign servers to bring more meat, red to tell them that you're full.  The diners in my party that ordered the all you can eat meat finished dinner hungry and turning the markers to red just so that we could collect our checks and continue with our night.

As for the rude waiter?  He was delinquent in refilling our drink orders (and 11 people on their way to a club can order a lot of drinks) to the point that on more than one occasion members of my party walked to the bar to order drinks.  When we asked him to split our checks, he became visibly irritated with us.....lets see, a group of 11 people, four couples and some single guys, why would separate checks with the mandatory gratuity added NOT make sense?  Not many 28-30 year olds pay for 10 friends to eat at an expensive restaurant like this...  The waiter then went around the table and argued with every one of us about our drink orders (which wasn't much thanks to him being AWOL).  15 minutes later, he tosses down the drink bill and basically said he made no effort to try to break it up.

In the end, the one thing our waiter did right was not add gratuity to both the food bill and the drink bill.  Everybody in my party of 11 gave him exactly what he earned and deserved for his tip: $0.00 .

If you're looking for all you can eat and quality, go to the buffet at the MGM Grand or the Aria.  If you're looking for bad service, go to Dick's Last Resort - their bad service is at least entertaining and their prices are more reasonable (and quality of food is sadly comparable).  There is no reason for anybody to ever eat at Pampas.
I ate dinner here last night and I'm still full. This place is a carnivore's paradise, and you can't help but feel a little badass eating meat off of swords. You have to be a little careful and make sure you request the correct doneness of meat as skewers will range from rare to well done. 

At $40 for meat only, it's a little steep (though somehow cheaper than the Palo Alto location) but still not bad for all-you-can-eat.

My favorites (in order): BBQ Chicken, Top Sirloin, Lamb, Filet Mignon, and the Tri-Tip. Oh, and the BBQ Pineapple is delicious. The side bar is good, but don't fill yourself up!

Boom. Yummy.
Took a friend to dinner here using a Restaurant.com coupon.  The coupon stated we had to order two entree's, which really wasn't a problem at all considering we both are grille fans.

My friend ordered the Rodizio all-you-can-eat meat circular, where they come to your table with skewered meats such as chicken, lamb, filet mignon, prime rib, etc.  If you want seafood you order from a more expensive but similar all-you-can-eat circular.  The cost was $38.99 for the Rodizio.  I ordered a grilled season chicken and fries for $28.99 that was good, but way too much food.  Which was the problem.

They don't keep a close eye on you here.  I was eating the extra meat from my friends extra plate the entire time waiting for my chicken.  By the time it arrived, I was full!  I should've not used the coupon and ordered an appetizer and snacked on the filet mignon coming around all night!

The meats were excellent as far as taste and presentation: I really enjoy them coming to the table with freshly grilled meat.  I would come here again for a special occassion such as birthday or something, but it is a little too expensive to eat here as often as I eat out.
This is NOT Fogo de Chao! Nor is it Texas De Brazil, or whatever nice Brazilian churrascuria you're expecting.  My girlfriend has never been to but I've been to several, and I was excited to take her to one. It was not a good first experience for her. The service was horrible, we waited far too long for our reservations, and the meat was low quality and poorly cooked. So very disappointing.
Coupon for the free dinner was so worth it
All u can eat garlic filet mignon, tender pork tenderloin, bacon wrapped turkey
The meats are excellent and leave you stuffed. They just need to be a little more clear on how the coupon works but it's definitely worth it
Go get yourself a prepaid dinner ticket from www.tix4tonight.com . We went to the one at the Fashion Show mall. It gives you around half off or something from their full price. I think I paid $25 instead of $40 or whatever their price is at the restaurant.

The meats were decent, but I've had better. Some of their cuts were way too salty for my taste. But for Vegas, I guess it's not a bad place to go. Something different from your normal buffets. 

I wasn't happy with their service though. They were really slow in coming by with each meat. The servers seemed too lazy to walk around our table to serve, instead, they had us clumsily pass each other each slices, which was annoying. It doesn't take that much effort to take a few extra steps to serve us. They were really slow in filling our drinks, left all of our glasses empty most of the time. And even more slow in bringing our check.
The Turkey wrapped bacon,Garlic Filet Mignon, Porkchop, Ham, Seafood, The salad bar! this place is the perfect place to go for meat eaters!!!! All the servers were incredibly friendly...the older gentlemen, manager was so professional and nice... you will definately see me back at this location!
Pampas is a Brazilian steak house located on the South side of Planet Hollywood.  In short, it's a decent alternative for hungry carnivores who are tired of buffets.

If you haven't been to a churrascaria, it's an all you can eat affair where there's a nice salad bar and a few side dishes - but instead of a buffet, the staff bring large skewers of meat around to your table.  Most places have a signal (like a coaster) that says "more please" or "I'm still chewing".

I guess I'm spoiled by Fogo de Chao.  I have visited the DC location several times and it has become a favorite stop for me and many of my traveling buddies.  Pampas is the same concept, except executed with value in mind.  Said differently, Target and ShopKo are both variety stores, but I'm pretty sure most people would much rather go to Target if given a choice.  Pampas is the ShopKo here - a little less quality, a little cheaper, and a lower atmosphere factor.

The meat is OK - certainly comparable to the stuff served at Outback or any other chain restaurant and is a little over seasoned.  The preparation is good, but not great.  The salad bar was pretty fresh and had a reasonable variety.

We were seated quickly and reasonably well attended to by the friendly staff.  We had to wait a bit on some of the meats, but not enough to complain about it.  The convenient location is nice, as are the short waits.

I'm on the fence with the stars here.  Certainly, I could go 3 in terms of overall quality and experience, but it's the value quotient here that leaves me cold.  If you can score this for $25 - it's an easy 3-star experience.  If you get suckered in for $40, then it's a bust down to two stars.
We ordered the Surf & Turf Rodizio ($49.95) and the Meat Rodizio ($38.95) figured we save a few dollars by sharing the seafood items.

I was underwhelmed with the salad bar. We moved right onto meat parade. We had Picanha, filet with Parmesan crust, pork loin, chicken - hot and bbq, ham, sausage, turkey wrapped in bacon, pineapple, and lamb... we were served in that order. We repeated the Picanha, filet, and ham. We practically had to beg for the lamb, it took three requests before it was brought to the table. For the most part the meats were good. It was only the sausage that I absolutely did not like.

The surf consisted of shrimp glazed with butter, scallops in butter, grilled salmon and tempura cod. The seafood was BAD, Bad, bad. I couldn't even choke down a scallop, I spit it out. The shrimp were rubbery, the salmon was nearly jerky and the cod was bland and the tempura was hardly intact. They offered to bring another plate, but we refused. 

Service was adequate.
This was my first experience at a Brazilian BBQ but I have to say, I think it's worth it for the experience. If you're a serious foodie, you might have gripes about the food itself, after all, it's still a buffet. But I happen to love buffets... so... I guess I'm no foodie!

I thought it was a great time, the service at Pampas in LV is superb. I got the all you can eat surf and turf for $50 w/ salad bar. The salad bar is blegh, cold and unmemorable. 

The meat was good, the seafood was great! I def. suggest getting the SURF and turf, because if all I had to choose from were the meats I'd prob only have given this 3 stars. Alot of the beet was imo overcooked and nothing really stood out. The seafood was delicious though, great catfish and scallops. And I loved the grilled pineapple. 

This would be a great thing to do for a special day, or as a vacation treat. It's pricey for any other reason but where else can you have a good time eating?
Not really sure why some many people have not found this place to be outstanding. I have experienced many places like this but this is one of the best I have had! If you want traditional style then you found it here. The servers were great and the quality of meats were just about perfect! I am sure it may change from night to night but I am a fan!
The meat was good but not great.  The price for lunch was only $15 and that made it 3 stars.  They only had sirloin steak for the lunch buffet and the service was kind of slow.  I do not expect to go back for dinner anytime since I have visited much better Brazilian steak houses.
Pampas is one of my favorite places to eat back home so I was excited to eat at this location in Vegas.  We found a great deal at those 1/2 price ticket location (they have discounts for shows AND restaurants, I never knew!). We paid $2/each to get $15 off the Meat Rodizio, not bad! Total bill for both of us (including taxes and tips) was $60, which is like 1/2 the bill of the Pampas back home.  Unfortunately, 1/2 the price means 1/2 the quality, I was disappointed in the meat selection.

Service was okay, nothing to complain about but nothing to compliment either.  The salad bar had interesting selections (curry??) Maybe they try to fill you up with the cheap stuff. I did like the bread though, yumm. I wish the sirloin were better cooked, they were a bit dry *sadness* The chicken was tender but needed more flavor. The sausages were a bit salty.  Nothing I tried really hit the spot. It wasn't bad but I guess I had higher expectations :(
Service was slow, took 15 min to get water, lemon in water was slimy. The Salmon Tempura was greasy, the zuchinni tempuraa was greasy and too long, should have been better presented. The ceasar Salad was NOT a real Ceasar salad, Salad was wilted, and way too peppery. Waitress only came to fill our water after our meal was complete. We were going to order the Brazillian experiance (meat carved @ table) but after watching waitstaff wonder in/out of perimeters of tables into walking paths of shoppers in Planet Holleywood where this restuarant is, we passed. We have eaten at the Brazillian grille in henderson and found it amazing. Music, food, clean, etc.. Went home after this meal very ill, and will never eat there again. It was the only food I ate in over 15 hours so It was the food that made me feel aweful.
I Came here to eat for dinner. I have worked and been to plenty of Brasil BBQs in the past. This one the salad bar didn't seem fresh and the rice was too watered down. The meat was a little on the salty side and the service was slow. I can say the bar tender makes a good caipirinha. for that I have to give them a  3.
This was my first time experiencing a brazilian steakhouse. Unfortunately, I was not blown away. While walking up to the entrance, I noticed the greeter passing out coupons to people passing by. When we came up, she asked us if we had reservations. We did. She tried to discreetly hide the coupons and led us to the table. When I inquired about the coupons, she acted very annoyed and was hesitant to hand one over. So what? Just because we already had plans to eat here meant we weren't allowed to get a discount? I did not like her attitude at all. 

The waiter was decent, but was not especially helpful. He did what was required, explaining the menu and keeping our water glasses filled. 

We were able to go to their buffet for side dishes, and the meat dishes were brought to the table. The side dishes weren't impressive and they were very slow in bringing the meat rodizio around. There were only two guys walking around at a time, then they would disappear, and it was quite a wait in between until they came out with new meat entrees. The food was ok but nothing spectacular, also a little on the salty side. 

My boyfriend ordered the meat rodizio while I ordered the seafood rodizio. They brought out a tiny dish with 3 scallops the size of nickels!!!!!!! The salmon and cod were the size of half a deck of cards each, and 3 shrimps on a skewer. I had to order at least 3 orders. I understand that maybe the Gulf oil spill may be limiting seafood choices, but scallops as small as nickels???? For $45??? That was pathetic.

I was ok with a nice dinner in Vegas and we spent what I expected to spend. But I probably wouldn't return to this specific brazilian steakhouse. I might try ones with better ratings. If anything, maybe one that has nicer people.
We've been to a few Brazillian Grills... this one is "ok".   Not great, but not bad either...   We did notice that the clientele seemed to come off the street... people in shorts, t-shirts, ect...

We did appreciate that their was a gluten free display at the salad bar explaining to us what GF dishes we could eat.

Overall, was a good experience and would go back... but it was not a knock it out of the park home run experience.
I ate here with the family while on vacation in Vegas.  It was my first visit to a Brazilian style steakhouse and none of us thought very much of it.  Like others, we went in because of the coupons they were handing out all over the place and thought it might be fun for our teenage kids.  Service was marginal, took way too long to get drinks.  Salad bar is nothing special.  Of the meats, the sirlon was the only thing that tasted decent - not great, but decent.  The other meats were not that good.  Without the coupon, this place would be significantly overpriced for dinner.  Wish I had read the reviews before we visited,  this is not a spot we would go back to again.
I had heard about Pampas from a friend, and my bf also read about in while on the plane flying into Vegas. We did unfortunately have a hard time finding it once inside Planet Hollywood, probably just poor planning. Pampas was very busy upon arrival, which it to be expected on a Sat evening, we were told the wait would be about 20 min, only had to wait about 10.  The indoor seating is very nice, the outdoor seating isn't quite as nice, not a busy end of the casino, but people are still walking by.  We were very happy with the service, everyone was very nice and personable. It was quite nice that a large portion of the staff was also Brazilian, made it more real. I was some one disappointed by the side dish bar, was not the freshest, and limited variety. The fried bananas are amazing though! The meat was spectacular and they kept it coming, and was never left without!  Would recommend to anyone, but suggest going with reservations, and lots and lots of time to eat.
I've been a fan of Pampas in Palo Alto and I'm definitely a fan of the one in Vegas. I wanted to try the breakfast here because I got a coupon from my hotel, but I could never wake up early enough..come on people..it's Vegas! Who wakes up before 11:00 AM?!?!? So we slowly walked down to this restaurant. Had to wait for maybe 10 minutes because at the time I didn't realize it, but there was a wedding reception going on. We got seated in the private room or maybe not so private since the entire room was made of glass. We all ordered the rodizio style because by now it's our lunch time and we were all starving. First round of food came around, then the second, then third. A total of 7 meats came around, but not all the meats were good. Some of it was way overcooked. I could barely chew it, so I just left it on my plate, thus the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. The service on the other hand was spectacular. Everyone even the guys who cut the meats were funny and very attentive. The service basically makes up for the food at this place. Next time around, maybe just maybe I might try the breakfast.
Service was fine...food was beyond average for sure.

Nice touch bringing the skewer to your table to cut the meat.

Salad bar was fresh overall.  Caesar salad had a bit of limp lettuce mingling after two attempts.

Desserts were very tasty too.

Would consider going back in the future.
Let me get to the point right now... DO NOT EAT HERE!  This was a BOMB from start to finish and a complete waste of $157.00 for 4 people.  We made reservations.  When we showed up the hostess tried to put us outside where everyone walks by you. We noticed that's whereshe tries to put everyone initially. It's obviously is an effort to gain attention of by-passers, who think "wow, let's eat here, it's so busy".   It's very impersonal area, so we said we will sit inside.  So now she makes us wait for like 7+ minutes.  The inside was nearly empty and we still waited.  The waitress looked "frazzled" that we choise to eat inside.  So she seats us next to an entry way like a thoroughfare, but this place is nearly empty.  Many nice tables available.  Then we waited nearly 10 minutes for someone to say "hi" I'm your waiter/waitress.  We were just ready to leave this place when out of the blue, a waitress greets us with a really bad vibe, unhappy feeling, impersonable to say the least.  So I order the unlimited meat thing for $37.95 or close to that price.  Well to keep this short, the meat carving people DO NOT make their rounds consistently.  They leave you waiting for more than 10-15 minutes at a time before another meat arrives.  I sat there looking around thinking what the heck is going on here?  Then someone shows up.  You can feel the reluctancy to carve you any decent sized portion.  Then you wait 10-15 minutes... another person comes, you get the picture???  One of my guests had a halibut fish at $27.99.  It was sadly the size of a king-sized pack of cigarettes, with some steamed veggies and that was a bit dry.  This was a let down.  My wife's dish was a lobster bouilliabaise.  The dish was mediocre, the tiny shrimp you had to find in the soup, the mussels were so tiny that I cant believe they would serve that!  The pasta was overcooked.  They only served me 5  types of meat while there. The filet mignon was the only one I could comfortably chew.  The rest of the meat was not very tender and tasty.  We over-heard our waitress complaining to another one saying the meat service is affecting her tips.   Yes it does, and so does her crappy personality.

Let me tell all of you that read this.  This place survives, thanks to the countless tourist turn-over.  This place is so desperate, they hand-out discount coupons in front of their place to the people that walk by....if you walk in because you wanted to anyhow, no discount coupon offer for you!   Plus take in mind my earlier comment about how thay want you to sit out front so they can market you to other suckers walking by. This place is no better than an average dinner buffet for $12.95.  I should have payed attention to the other Yelper comments out there, and I got burned.  Oh yeah, our seats were badly covered in grease drippings and other spills left behind from customers.  Gross!  One last thing, when we left, we walked by a hostess or a waitress who was using a company computer moniter station area  to check her FaceBook photos.... "class act" here people.  You can see, this place is a BOMB from start to finish.  Take my advice.... and others.... just pass over this place, it should close it's doors... for good.
What a disappointment!

We ate here because we got a 50% voucher from Half-Price before the Cheap Trick Sgt. Pepper show

The food is not bad but the service is so-so. Ages to get someone to take a drink order and then serve our drinks.  In addition, they are extremely stingy with the meats and you have to keep requesting service to get someone to bring you more meats. We never saw half the meats the waiter described. The salad bar was OK, nothing to write home about. 

You are better off going to Fogo De Chao or Texas De Brazil.

This is a poor imitation.
I have been to a number of churrascurias and this place was nice. I really enjoyed this place as the ambiance was nice and the salad bar was good. I would definitely prefer Texas de Brazil, but honestly... I think it still deserves attention.

Texas de Brazil is south strip, so if you are on foot and happen to be on the strip nearby, and have a huge craving for red meat and all you can eat quality salad bar... give this place a chance!

The service was very good and there is indoor window shopping when you exit!
No wonder Tix4Tonite were pawning these tickets to us.  Bad.

Hubs and I came by Tix4Tonite to see what show tickets we could grab for the night scored on Zumanity tickets at 70% off.  Awesome.  They also told us about dining options which we figured, what the hell? How bad could it be?  We spent $19/each and got our vouchers for Pampas.

The food is descent.  But hella slow! Jeez people, this is a churrascuria.  You are supposed to walk around with yummy meats and slice them onto my plate!  WTF? Everyone was cleaning and shit.  I want my meat!!!  We saw maybe 3 guys walking around with meats the whole hour and a half we were there.  

Never again.
I have been to pampas now for two wonderful full on fancy Vegas dinners and I can say I don't know if I've ever been more pleased with a restaurant. First they have a great marketing team that is constantly advertising all around the strip to bring people in which I have a lot of respect for because it's got to be tough opening a new restaurant in Vegas (well relatively new) and I'm in marketing so I know it's tough to get your name put there and they do a great job.

Secondly and most importantly the food is so savory and delicious it practically melts in your mouth. I literally wish I had time to stay there all day and just eat meat and drink wine in true hedonistic style. Definitely try everything if you can!!

When my group went we were about 3/4 through our Meal when a nice gentlemen named Bill came over and starting chatting with us and told us a nice little anecdote about the yes lease no thank you signs on the table. He had us rolling on the floor we were laughing so hard and it turned out he was the owner and then proceeded to give us 5$ off our next bottle of wine!

All and all definitely a 5 star experience every time I've been there and I can't wait to go again next time I'm in Vegas. Thanks Bill and to our fabulous waitress and meat servers as well!
We had breakfast which is $12.99 but a guy out front was handing out $5 off coupons (you can also get discounted vouchers from Tix 4 Tonight). 

The buffet portion had danishes (which were disappointing and seemed to be the same kind you get in cheap continental breakfasts in mid-range hotels), potatoes, eggs, french toast,  breakfast burritos, a good selection of watermelon, cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, etc. 

The "main event" for the breakfast is the meat which was sirloin, ham, two types of sausage and grilled pineapple. The sirloin was cooked just right (not too juicy or dry) but I wasn't a big fan of the sausage. The ham and pineapple were both quite good. The place was pretty empty when we got there around 10 and the service was good. The meat guys came around frequently and the waitress asked if there was anything meat we'd like them to bring out again right before we left. 

I had a $2.99 bloody mary which was great and had a spicy kick to it rather than just a salty taste. My wife had a mimosa and said it was good as well.

Overall for $12.99 it's not a bad deal if you like meat and it's a very good deal for $7.99.
Great food, great experience.  The meat kept coming, and was delicious and juicy.  They had quite a variety, and we tasted everything that was described to us when we arrived.  Multiple times.  And later on they even asked if there were any specific meats we'd like to try more of.

We were seated at an out of the way table, and I was immediately worried that service would suffer as a result, but we were never left waiting for more meat.

The wine was great, and the owner even came by to chat with us for a little bit and tell us a joke about the little "yes please"/"no thank you" button you use to signal whether or not you want more food, after which he gave us $5 off our next bottle of wine.  It's generally a great marketing trick to get you to buy more wine, but we'd already decided to have another bottle anyway, so it just felt like a nice gesture.

The salad bar was a little on the small side, but frankly I didn't care.  That wasn't what I was there for.

Definitely go to one of the discount tickets stands you can find all over; for $3 each we bought tickets that cut the price roughly in half, down to around $25 per person.  YMMV, of course.

We left full and oh so happy.
Pampas in Vegas is located in Planet Hollywood. Excellent selection of meats. The meats just melted in my mouth, they were that tender and juicy. 

Selection at the cold bar was mediocre. The typical: pasta salads, salads, greens, vegetables, rice.  I prefer this place over the buffets in Vegas though. 

I didn't know they had one in PA. I look forward to trying the one here. Can't wait. Let's see how it compares.
Coupons coupons coupons! Don't eat or drink here without it. It's definitely not worth it to pay full price. 

You'll need probiotics to help digest all that meat.
My bf and I got a coupon from planet hollywood for their breakfast buffet. We get there, put our name down and waited for 30 min. Our turn comes up and they tell us the coupons are outdated and they don't have the buffet anymore. 
We get seated and order the eggs and steak special. Our beef jerky gets to the table when we had asked for med rare. Their bread was as hard as concrete, the meat was dry, and even the med rare pieces that came out after we complained was flavorless and only saved by a healthy amount of A1. I dont like A1.
No discounts offered. No apology from the host that took our order. Scrambled eggs were ok, sunny side up were burnt and about the size of quail eggs. Thats about it. And their costco mini muffins were good. 
The couple behind us were super annoyed about something too. 
NO GOOD!
For your money's worth and sheer quantity, you can't beat this place.  you get an unlimited salad bar + your lunch entree all for $10.  it is an unbeatable deal!  service was so-so, but for a hungry man on a budget, this place was a dream.  the other buffets cost $50-$75/person.  I ended up just eating from the salad bar and then taking my entree home for dinner!  that's dining on a budget in vegas.  

They also have steak&eggs for breakfast, before 11am.
Bachelorette party weekend.  Our last night in Vegas.  We wanted a fun and tasty dinner.  Brazilian BBQ!!

Coupons!  They have coupons everywhere.. we got a $10 off every rodizio ordered!

We got the surf n' turf rodizio and the meat-only rodizio.

We were a big group.. the waiter was AWESOME.. was able to hook us up with buy one-get one pitchers of sangria.. AND a free dessert for me!

The meats and seafood were VERY tasty and cooked to perfection.. and the side/salad bar wasn't too much.. but the stuff I got were tasty!

I'm so glad we had our dinner there.. it was a great experience and the food was very enjoyable!
My hubby took me here for dinner and as soon as we walked in we didn't have to wait.....we sat for about 10-15 minutes intil are waiter came to ask what we wanted to drink and then wait for about 20 more minutes just to get are drinks!!! while we waited the couple sitting next to us walked out because service here sucks!!!! 10 min later the people that was sitting in front of us complained twice intil finally walking out!! but the food was extremely good no complaints in that department!!!!
this review was for the lunch, meat rodizio special. we got there around 3 and lunch ends at 4pm.  you would think, being in vegas, that this place would be rated higher, but not for my experience.  we were greeted and seated by very friendly staff and were told we could head straight for the buffet for our sides and salads. i've been to other brazillian places and know better to not fill up on all the sides no matter how appetizing they may look or smell. nothing really stood out for their sides or salads, just your usual fried bananas, veggies, etc. 
we had to wait a good 15-20 minutes before the first skewer came to our table, which was pork loin. i'm more of a beef guy and would normally pass, but i was hungry. it was very juicy depite getting one of the outer slices, but the crust made it even more enjoyable. this got my hopes up which were later shot down.
the other meats that came out were, roasted ham, sirloin, spicy chicken, pheasant, and bacon wrapped turkey. the ham tasted like it came from a store. the only thing i liked about the poultry is that they are not sliced so you know you get a fresh piece, as opposed to our ham and pineapple. (it seemed like we were always the last table to be served so we got all the pieces towards the center). the sirloin really let me down. i wasn't lucky enough to get the 1st slice, but by the 3rd slice the meat was a little too rare to my liking. the following rounds of sirloin all came to our table well done. the bacon wrapped turkey was good, but i would have loved to have some bacon wrapped filet. 
we've definitely had better, but we chose this place because we were hungry, but didn't want to go to one of the usual vegas buffets. if you choose to do the same, you can save a bunch by purchasing your meals via tix 4 tonight. they have a 50% off special for lunch at pampas.
Luckily we got discount vouchers at Tix 4 tonite.  We ended paying 22.95/pp.  Way overpriced otherwise.  Meats were good.  The seafood option was terrible.   For a better experience try Texas de Brazil.  Overall it was average for a churrascaria and the service was average too.
Great place to have lunch!! Same choices as dinner but at a lesser price. 
 
The food and service was FANTASTIC!!! I wanted to try something else then go to another Vegas buffet. We sat in the wine cellar room which made the experience even better. My friends and I ordered the Meat Rodizio and the Surf and Turf Rodizio. The Brazilian sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon was a hit! We kept asking for more. Everything was cooked to perfection. As for the sides and salads everything like the rice and black beans or the cold pasta salads were very delightful.
Absolutely not worth it!! The food is not good and the meat is tasteless. Service is so, so but definitely not worth the price.
ONLY FOR THEIR TAKEOUT BREAKFAST:

best potatoes ever.  yum.
Meh. It was okay. Came here when we booked a 1/2 priced Cirque Du Soleil show to take advantage of their discounted deal. It was something like $10-$15 off all you can eat rodizio for each person; which is a good deal. But, from generally dining at the Pampas in Palo Alto, it just didn't do it for me. The seafood is brought out to you on a plate vs. it coming on a stick. The sides were okay. This place may of been a better experience if I came here drunk with a bunch of party friends vs. dinner with the SO.
$5.99 breakfast steak and eggs...

Their version of steak is 4 thin slices of beef.
Best part is the potatoes.
Their french toast is not great.

Great price, but you get what you pay for.
Save money and don't be expecting anything tasty.
If this was my first Brazilian steakhouse experience I would never do it again.

This place had a line out the door so I doubt these negative reviews will make any difference. We had reservations and got seated immediately but everything went downhill from there. The food was fair (meats were good - seafood was a ripoff) but the place was way overcrowded and service was very slow.

Our meal averaged out at 70.00 per person - much better options in Vegas.
I have mixed feelings about our experience with Pampas.

The food was amazing, I will give them that.  The meat was well seasoned, the salad bar had all of the favorites..   And that was the good part.

We were told, upon purchasing our "half price ticket" for the lunch at Pampas, that this experience was a virtual "meat parade."  No really, look it up.  Every add, every person affiliated with it will claim that it is a meat parade, the idea that people bring various meats to your table as you eat.  However, after 15 mins of waiting, our parade had not even started.  And then, when it did start, the meats were so few and far between, and the serving sizes so small that when I showed the manager the size of my slice of fillet, he laughed in embarassment.
After my complaint, the meat parade really picked up.  We were offered meat every couple of minutes, but by that time we had already stuffed ourselves with the salad bar as we were so damn hungry, which is why we thought it appropriate to have a meat parade at all.

The manager did give us a free dessert due to poor service (cheesecake.. not impressed..) but it was disapointing overall.  Too bad, too, because it wasn't cheap.

Also, the entire coke machine was broken and the cokes were flat.  However, after they fixed it, they never brought us one, even though the people in the table behind us did get one.  Which brings us to this: our server sucked.

Just an FYI.. the ladies behind us felt shafted in the meat parade as well and also later complained to the manager.

Bottom Line:  Not a meat parade, just a sald bar with a side of meat.
This is my first trip to Las Vegas and Pampas was the first restaurant we ate at.  We were trying to find a sports bar as it was Sunday at 1pm and we wanted wings and football.  We walked the entire Miracle Mile shopping center and the two main sports bars, Blondie's and PBR Rock Bar, were packed.  We were really hungry by this time, so we stopped at Pampas.

We were promptly seated at the very front/patio area of the restaurant.  The salad bar is all the way in the BACK of the restaurant.  My husband is disabled and walks with crutches, so I was already planning my strategy to get his plate and my plate all the way across the restaurant.  Our server arrived, noticed the crutches, and immediately asked if we would be ordering the salad bar and, if so, would we like to be seated closer?  This scored major points with me.  They actually opened a section for us to sit in, and we had it all to ourselves.

We both ordered the surf and turf and hit the salad bar.  The only other churrascaria I have been to is Fogo de Chao, so that is where I will base my comparison.  The salad bar at Pampas is about 1/4 of the size of the one at Fogo.  I actually found this preferable as I remember being completely overwhelmed at Fogo.  The Pampas salad bar had a nice selection - jicama and citrus salad, Brazilian coleslaw, pasta salads, potato salads, hearts of palm salad and several others.  For a more traditional salad, there was an option of romaine or spring mix.  The romaine was dark green, crisp and fresh and the spring mix was equally fresh - not soggy at all.  All of the basic salad toppings were available and several dressing options were available.  My only complaint about the salad bar would be that the fresh mozzarella balls (presented with cherry tomatoes) were very bland.

On to the main reason we were there...MEAT!  By the time I returned from the salad bar, the sirloin guy had already been by and had left a delicious slice of perfectly cooked, medium rare meat on my plate.  It was seasoned just right and very tasty.  I ended up eating A LOT of that sirloin.  There was also bacon-wrapped turkey (can't go wrong with anything wrapped in bacon!), Brazilian sausage, ham, BBQ chicken, BBQ pork and even pineapple!  All of the meat was well seasoned and well cooked.  

I had noticed one of the menu options was a skirt steak with chimichurri.  I asked our server if I could get a side of chimichurri and she was happy to oblige.  She let me know it would take a few minutes because they make it fresh for each order.  It came out a couple minutes later and was delicious!  

The "surf" part of the surf and turf was ok.  When you order the surf and turf they bring a platter of seafood to the table and let you know you can order more of anything.  The inital platter includes grilled shrimp, scallops, salmon and the fresh catch of the day (not sure what it was - I think it was grouper, which I don't care for).  The shrimp were small but tasty, the salmon was well cooked and made even better by the provided soy ginger glaze.  I didn't try the catch of the day.  The scallops were very small and not very good....can't quite put my finger on it, but I ate one and didn't want anymore.  Overall, I would say save a few dollars and just get the meat.

There was a woman who was around during our entire visit...I believe she was either the owner or the general manager.  She stopped by our table to make sure we were satisfied and talked to us a little about the restaurant.  I commented on the chimichurri and she stated that everything is made fresh, in house.  In fact, I had noticed a window into the kitchen while I was at the salad bar where I could see people making all of the salad bar items.  Anyway, I always appreciate when I am in a restaurant and the owner or manager is interested enough in making sure the guests are happy that they stop by and chat.

When we checked in to our hotel, the concierge gave us two $5 off coupons for Pampas.  I am sure we will be using those before we leave Vegas at the end of the week.  At $19.99 for the meat-only option, its hard to beat for lunch.  If you go for dinner, it is more than double the price ($41.95 for meat only) but they add tenderloin, tri-tip beef, and lamb.  I have to admit...I am tempted.
I had high expectations but although the salad bar was full of high quality items, the barbecue offerings were few and far between.  Staff weren't very friendly or helpful.
I just happened to be in Vegas this new year and since I saw this place in the past i decided to try it. Salad bar is ok, the meats a bit too salty and really raw (bloody) but I was surely disappointed with the service. Waitress show up only 3 times, when we first sat at the table, when she brought us the drinks and when she gave us the check!, I have to literally ask the servers to bring the meats to our table since the seem to just pas us by, I guess the just want you to eat from the salad bar :( 
In other words, the price service/quality ratio is not good at all
During our weekend trip to Vegas, my husband and I were craving Brazilian and decided to see what Vegas had to offer. The other Brazilian restaurants (Texas de Brazil and Sampa), which both had higher ratings on Yelp than Pampas, had 1 1/2 hour wait times. Pampas did not have any wait time and despite its 3 1/2 star review, we thought, how could you go wrong with Brazilian? Well, let me count the ways...

1. They stuck us in the far back corner of the room, which I was ok with at first since  we had a 15 month old with us, but when the meat guys (not sure what they're called) systematically avoided our table, that was strike 1 for us...
2. Ok, so the meat guys finally made it to our table, but guess which one kept coming to our table again and again. The LAMB guy. I mean, really. If we wanted lamb we would have gone to a Mediterranean restaurant or something. I mean, bring on the skirt steak and top sirloin. Enough with the lamb. 
3. Except they didn't have any skirt steak. They did have something they called filet mignon, but to be honest, I've never had filet mignon that tasted like beef jerky. 
4. But the REAL deal breaker for us...I mean the one that almost made us dine and dash, was their pan de quejio, if that's even what it was. They tasted more like dry biscuits from a fried chicken shop than those delightful little bursts of warm cheesiness we were anticipating. Pampas, we can forgive you for the filet mignon. We'll even forgive you for ignoring us. But when you mess with the pan de quejio, that's when you've crossed the line. F-!!
What are some of the biggest tourist attractions in the country? Times Square, Hollywood Blvd, and the Las Vegas Strip. What do they all have in common? Crap food served at chain restaurants. I don't understand why people travel thousands of miles and end up eating at a restaurant that has a location around the corner from their home. While checking out some show tickets we asked one of the employees about some good lunch places that are different than any chain restaurants. It was lunch so we were looking for something cheap, but tasty. The guy told us about a Brazilian restaurant called Pampas that's inside Planet Hollywood.

It's no secret, the hotels on the Strip are massive and act like a maze in order to force you to walk past as many slots, tables, souvenir stands, and other money wasters as possible. It just so happened that Pampas is at the very end of Planet Hollywood. Nice.

We were given coupons for $5 off which includes their salad lunch buffet and the meat rodizio. Normally this is $20 which is pretty cheap, but the coupon makes it even better. Our server gave us a green and red card thing and we were told to flip it to the green side when we get back from the buffet and the meat carvers will start making their rounds to our table.

The "salad" buffet was amazing but it didn't have too much salad which is fine with me. There was a few different pastas, vegetables, cheeses, and a couple types of salad. I'm not going to lie though, my favorite thing at the buffet were the squares of feta cheese. I downed at least fifteen of those awesome squares of happiness. Also, they had slices of salami which were fantastic.

I'm not much of a carnivore, but every time one of the meat carvers came over I got extremely happy. The choices included smoked ham, bar-b-q chicken, spicy chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, bar-b-q pork, and sirloin. The best ones in my opinion were the sirloin and sausage. I couldn't try the bacon wrapped turkey though because of my stupid allergies. Dumb. One other option they had was grilled pineapple which was just as delicious.

This is definitely a restaurant that makes sure your tummy leaves happy. The "all you can eat" style usually fails miserably in regards to taste. However, Pampas seemed to excel higher than any other restaurant I've been to of its nature. We were so full when we finished that we all had to sit back and relax for a while before we started walking down the Strip again. I ate so much that I think I heard the chair crack a little before I stood up. Whoops!
I came here hungry for lunch with a few friends.  Being that we were in Vegas, we were expecting the food to be good.  

Unfortunately, the service was slow and, for a while, there was only one man going around serving.  The "seafood" option was simply a plate of fried seafood (that came out cold), it wasn't exactly what was advertised, as we were under the impression it would be served out similarly to the meat.  And, though the meat was above mediocre, the lack of servers definitely put a damper on the meal.  Sadly enough, I was most pleased with the salad bar.

To top it all off, our waitress was fairly rude and made comments under her breath about how our order came out wrong (as if it was our fault).  I'd suggest going elsewhere -- with the amount of money you would spend there, you could go to a lunch buffet at Bellagio!

It is possible I feel this way just because I've been to other Brazilian restaurants, so I know what the experience should be like.  Regardless, I'd say save your money for food the you can count on being delicious.
Pampas...or more like pompous.....my waiter was extremely pompous. His name was Andres. I wanted to try their 5.99 steak and eggs special because it was plastered all over the Miracle Mile Shops. However, it was really disappointing. I rarely ate meat these days and I was hoping it would be somewhat decent. It was actually not good. It was somewhat tolerable by A1 sauce. Also, it came with small potatoes and a meager portion of eggs. I really wanted only egg whites but they wanted to upcharge me 1.99 if I did so. Damn, no wonder, there was not much egg to begin with on the plate. It was not worth the 5.99 plus tax and tip.
I only gave them 2 stars because I've been to a ton of Brazilian grills and this one for the $$ price was not up to par especially when I've been to ones that are half the price and are spot on! The salad bar didn't have a very good selection, we went on a Friday night and there were bins that simply didn't have any food in them to start with and our server wasn't very nice or on point. I've always told myself when writing a review I'll be honest no matter what and this is the honest truth.
Possibly one of the worst Brazilian steakhouses I ever been to with prices equal to the best known ones like fogo de chou and platforms.  Insufficient selection of rodizio and runners with skewers.  Save your money and eat elsewhere in Vegas.
Loved loved loved this place. Expensive but sooo worth it! We both ordered the meat rodizio. The meat guys were around often and it was fun to try different things. Our favorite meats were the spiced chicken, bacon wrapped turkey, and pork.  The seasons are on the outside of the meat before they cut it off the skewers.  Be sure to cut bites so you get the seasoning otherwise the meats pretty normal. The grilled pineapple was something sweet to breakup all the meat.    We also liked the "salad" bar. Not much average salad stuff, but lots of yummy pasta salads, heart of palm, artichoke, smoked salmon. Even the ice tea was amazing! 

If you like to try new things, this is the place to go. Don't bother with the chocolate cake though... it was dry and boring. We went at about 5:30pm. We were seated right away and the service was great.
Bad sign when only two tables are being served in the middle of the evening but it was my husbands night to choose...I got the seafood...my meats were not seasoned or cooked enough my scallops on the other hand could have bounced down the street....the service was poor and the price is way too high for the type of product they offer.....this place is good for the typical over eater who just likes a mass amount of meat.
Was given a coupon to this place by one of the numerous trolls they pay to pass fliers out on The Strip. The coupon was 'buy one dinner get another free which the coupon says would be 31.95 instead of 60+ dollars so long as you buy 2 soft drinks. That sounded like a pretty good deal. So we schlep on over to the restaurant. 

We get seated and looking over the menu notice that  perhaps the advertised deal was not what it seems. Dinner for one is 60+ so the deal now seams to be buy 1 dinner for 51.95 plus drinks to get the other free. 
For that price, I could have gone to the Wynn or similar casino and had dinner at the name chef restuarants.... just saying.

I call the waitress over and ask her about the coupon to which she replies '"a lot of people think that it's 31.95 plus two drinks but it's actually 51.95". Now, my command of English is pretty good if I may say so myself, and having been to Law School and all that, I think intelligent enough. So it seems to me that they deliberately mislead people as to what the price will be and hope that once you get there you'll be too embarrased or resigned to leave. So I LEFT.

Funny though, that the same restuarant also has a breakfast special of 5.95 for steak, 2 eggs, breakfast potatoes and a pastry, yet want to charge 51.95 for their dinner. Uh, OK. In the Las Vegas magazines, the place is rated $$ which seems a bit inaccurate too.
You know how they always say there's a first time for everything? Well, two days ago it was the first time I had ever walked out of restaurant. 

We made reservations for 6:30pm. We checked in and were told the wait would be 5-10 minutes later. Twenty minutes later after watching group after group check in (they were also being told that the wait was 5-10 minutes), I walked up to the counter and asked how much longer we would have to wait. I stated that I had a reservation and the hostess said, " yes, so does everyone else". Since I had been sitting there listening and watching who was coming in I knew that no one else had reservations at check in. 

A couple ahead of us left because they were tired of waiting and had show tickets. That bumped us up. We were seated next to an empty table which had been dirty for the whole time we had been waiting. 

As we sat there waiting for a waiter/waitress we noticed that only 2 servers were walking around with their swords of meat. Five minutes later after no one came to our table, we realized that our dinner was going to be horrible. We got up, left, no one even noticed. 

We had been here once before and we returned hopeful to receive the same service as before. 

Obviously overwhelmed by the large crowd, it was very frustrating to watch the hostess lie to each group that came in. It's bad business to blatantly lie about the wait time in order to keep their customers. We weren't the only ones complaining and many people were unhappy. Will not try again. I don't recommend this restaurant at all.
Beware of false advertising scam with this restaurant.  We were given a coupon for a buy one Sirloin Strip Steak with fried shrimp and get one free for $29.99 all you can eat.  When we got to the restaurant, we were told the price was $29.99 each as the original price was $58 per person.  We left and ate somewhere else.  It was a total rip-off with questionable advertising practices.  Don't know how they get away with it.  I am a professional person and I know how to read and it clearly stated $29.99 with the purchase of two beverages. We left without every getting to a table once we knew this was a scam.
Came here for the 5.99 steak and eggs. You get two slices of steak, eggs any way you like, country potatoes and a slice of orange. It was okay. You didn't really get a steak. It was more like steak strip pieces. You're better off getting steak and eggs at the golden nugget. They didn't wipe down the table very well, it was sticky from the last customers. The service was a bit slow, they sat us outside so they could have forgotten to check up on us.
I can't speak for lunch or dinner, but I would not sugget you stop here for breakfast. I had the 5.99 steak and egg special. Th steak was two sliced stripes of steak, so you can hardly call it a steak. the potatoes were country potatoes and they were too hard. The best part of the meal were the eggs. The tables wasn't wipped down properly and my arm kept getting stuck on the sticky table.
This place is slow... took us 10 minutes to have a waitress come and get our order.  My drink has been empty for 15 minutes.  When the food comes around it is very good.
Not a fan. 

Maybe I have been spoiled with Fogo de Chao and Gaucho's Village in LA. But i have also been to smaller brazilian steakhouses and experienced much better. 

We came in with a reservation late on a saturday night. We were seated right away. We went with the Rodizio which is the all you can eat churrasco with the salad bar. I don't know if it was because it was late at during the night but it wasn't like the place was empty and people were continuing to come in through out our stay. The 'gaucho's' took FOREVER to come out. I mean, they were nowhere in sight.

They finally came by with some filet mignon with parmesan cheese. It was good but nothing special. Interesting flavor but nothing to rave about. They then brought some ham which the bf said was good. I had some brazilian sausage that was good. They kept bringing out the filet mignon and i wanted some picanha, some lamb.... something they did not bring until 45 minutes- 1 hour that we had been there. By that time, appetite was gone. Still tried some of the picanha but it was meh. They also did not ask how we wanted it (medium- medium rare, etc) which is not a requirement but I have always been asked that at churrascarias. Pan de queijo was pretty good, and since the meat took so long, we filled up on that. Good, but not worth a 40+ dollar meal for cheese bread!

Service by our waiter was decent and we came in with a restaurant.com coupon which always helps. Still, with so many good options in vegas, I am not coming back.
My husband and I had a complimentary dinner here ...for the most part. It's a typical Brazilian meat fest. I wouldn't say it's the best ...I liked Via Brasil Steakhouse better. My reasoning behind this is because they didn't have fresh sides that they bring to your table like Via Brasil Steakhouse that came with the buffet. The plantains here looked mushy and old and there were not a lot of dipping sauces for the meat. The meat was okay but in order to enjoy it I think there has to be exciting side dishes to compliment the meal.The side dishes were okay ...I found myself gravitating towards their bread the most. I think the bread was the best thing out of the whole meal!
Pampas is so yummy! This is a must go when you're in Vegas. All of the meats are so good. They also have a very good salad bar that has yummy fried bananas. They just melt in your mouth. It's not that expensive when you compare it to the Pampas that is in Los Angeles. In LA they charge you per pound of food that you purchase. So it easily could add up to $20 per meal. At least in Vegas it's all you can eat.
Disclaimer: I have eaten at Fogo de Chao before.

My group got a discount for this place from the half-price ticket booth.  

I was immediately suspicious of this place after taking a seat.  Our table was completely packed into a small dining space.  I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria. I realized that this place was working off of volume - likely driven by the coupon we and likely most of the guests had.  I asked my group if we should take off, telling them that we should not expect a fantastic meal.

Unfortunately we decided to stay.  The meats were extremely sub-par,  the Sirloin and Filet were chewy and grained with fat.  The salad bar was uninspiring, and the service stretched across all of the guests packed into the restaurant.

If you have eaten at Fogo de Chao before, do not come here.
It was pleasant.  Simple ambiance.  

The food was overall fantastic.  Sirloin hit the spot for sure.  Nothing like all you can eat MEAT, right?  The side selection presentation wasn't so great but then again, it's Vegas i guess.  

Would go back but as always, bring your appetite!
My bf and I dined here this past weekend on Saturday night after we got discount coupons.  We were excited that we got the coupons and it was for a churrascaria.  We've been to a few churrascarias in San Francisco, New York and Rio de Janeiro so it being Las Vegas we assumed it would be just as tasty.  This place was the worst churrascaria ever.  All the meats were very dry and bland.  The pork was all fat I couldn't even eat it and the sides selection was minimal.  But even before all of that we had a reservation and they still made us wait about 20 min before getting seated and when we got seated we waited another 10 min before we were acknowledged.  So yes the service was bad.  I would never recommend this place! Stay away it's horrible!
I am due to be married next year and my fiance and I saw this place on our chapels website as a reception option, so prior to us going to vegas, I looked at the review on here and saw that they were avg 3. I was hesitant about trying it but after getting to vegas my fiance and I quickly noticed that you can get awesome deal through Tix4Tonight booths located up and down the strip, since we were able to get a good coupon (pretty much by1 get1 free), the coupon cuts the price down by 1/2 (orig-$43/cupon $25)

Mind you when we got the tickets the people said that it was a most awesome place to eat and sundays were to do it since their volume is minimal. So we made a reservation for 5pm and promptly were seated when we arrived 15 min early. the waitress we had was such a sweetheart she told us how our coupon worked and what we were in for 11 different meats! There is a yes/no indicator on ur desk so when the dervers come around with the meat they can see wether or not u want some or not. So we went to the salad bar, im pretty picky when it comes to some things so although there was much variety some things were intresting...to say the least althought the fried bannanas were delish! And the sauted carrotsmmm! 

After we got back to our desks the first person came around with sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon, the bacon was a little salty but good none the less. After that was lamb, i recommend it with the sauce its like a vinagrette delish! After that was tenderloin, roast beef, fliet minon(sp?) One thing I didnt like was the fact that we didnt get the chicken to the very end, they came around 2-3 times with same meat options and we would say no cause we were waiting for the chicken, so finally when we were almost to our limit here came the chicken and it was magnificent! it was like a spicy and you get a whole breast piece. So after we ate, we counted back and noticed we werent offered al the meats but oh well what are you gonna do, gotta leave some for next time i suppose. But I recommend this place just go get a discounted ticket first! Its worth it! 
Definitly an option for our up-coming reception
We had a breakfast and dinner their with friend and family and everyone enjoyed them.  The salad bar is good and fresh.  The people are friendly and they keep coming back for more meats if we want more.  We would go back again for sure :0)
We went to Pampas Brazilian Steakhouse for Mother's day this year.  My family and I have been to several Brazilian steakhouses so we were looking forward to eating here.  This is probably my least favorite so far.  Only reason I say this is because it feels more like a buffet versus a Brazilian steakhouse.  If I had to grade the entire experience:
Atmosphere: C
When I first walked by the patio seating and saw the bar, I thought this looked like an attractive restaurant.  However, we were sat in this large room with at ton of tables and other patrons.  Everyone is going to the salad area to get food so it feels really busy.  This made it feel even more like we had gone to a buffet/cafeteria.  It was definitely lacking in intimacy.  
Wait Staff: B-
The men who came with the meat swords were all very attentive.  However, our main waitress seemed bored when she came to our table.  It was like she was disinterested with us.
Food: A- 
The food was all really good.  I enjoyed everything I tried from the buffet salad area.  My favorite meat had to be the top sirloin.   
Price: Average (in comparision to other Brazilian steakhouses)
Will we go back?  All of us agreed it was fun to come to Planet Hollywood and try a new place.  It's one of those places you enjoyed having a meal at but won't run back to eat there again.
On one hand, I was pleased with the meats and the salad bar was fine.  The price was definitely in line with similar places.  

On the other hand, the service was awful.  I know that's a thing in tourist towns like Vegas and New Orleans in general.  But, even compared to other places in town, the service is bad.  Not so much from the guys bringing the skewers of meat.  How can you not like those guys?  They show up with a smile and food?

But the main waiter seemed completely disinterested.  He tried to sell us a bottle of wine for $30 with his strong recommendation, and once we declined I don't think I saw him again for an hour.  We had to ask the manager to get our drinks refilled.  We eventually complained about having to wait for the bill.  We were offered free dessert--and then charged for it until we complained.  

And while the manager apologized for the poor service, never once did the waiter mention it or offer an explanation.  They were kind of busy, but not slammed by any means.  I swear, he just seemed irked that we didn't buy the bottle of wine.

There are other places in town offering the same basic deal (Texas de Brazil, for one) and the service was better and the overall class was a step up.

Again, there was nothing wrong with the food--it was priced similar to the competition and very good.  It was just the attitude of the people working there.
Girlfriends and I all ordered the Surf and Turf Rodizio (excluding one who ordered the Seafood Rodizio). Both are AYCE with access to the side bar which has rice, soups, vegetables, mashed potatoes, salads, etc. In my opinion, the side bar was a bit mediocre. I was expecting more things, but what they provided weren't bad. The meat and seafood were delicious (BBQ pork, grilled chicken, smoked ham and pineapple, Brazilian sausage and turkey wrapped in bacon). It was my friend's birthday so they were nice enough to provide a free cheesecake. All in all, this was my first time trying Brazilian BBQ and it wasn't bad!
We stumbled upon this restaurant after reviewing "happy hours" in town. We loved how quickly we were seated but there was no one there. The happy hour specials where fine but we ordered Wings and Taquitos and the taquitos were weird. They are not your normal mexican taquito. Too fat, with mascerated, dry chicken and a thin flour skin on the outside. I thought the wings were kind of dry too. We paid $16 for two appetizers and drinks, so it was worth it, but barely.
We bought a dinner from Viva las Vegas who told us the normal price was 65$ and they could get it for 40$. Little did we know that the original price was 43$.  We were told that we could get everything for that 40$ discount. When we arrived at Pampas, the staff was nice. We finally sat down and we showed our coupon/receipts to the waitress. She was confused. Then we asked for the Manager. He said he didn't see a lot of these coupons and told us that the normal price to include seafood was 53$ total. Viva Las Vegas got their prices wrong, or else the Pampas people gave them wrong information to suck in newly weds. We told the Manager we were given wrong information about the total, and what he did next was a total bummer. Meanwhile, it took almost a half an hour to just get drinks. We didn't see food or the waitress until the manager could fix this situation. 

The manager told us he would charge us an extra 20$ only, for the seafood, which we had to ask for three times, and eventually, at the end of the meal, the seafood came when we were all finished.

The Food was still amazing, and the meat was delish. However, the waitress was not accomidating at all.  My Brother handed her a tip of 20$ to cover the drinks.  She then went to get our bill, and added another 20$ gratuity to the bill.  So my new wife spoke with her, told her to put the 20$ she was just given to cover the tip. The waitress was obvoisly upset about not doubling her tip.  I wouldn't have given her a tip at all due to the service we received.
We picked this place because...#1 we love Brazilian & #2 we had a discount from last minute tickets.  My husband and I ate at this place expecting a similar experience from other Brazilian places we have been too but that wasn't the case, I will but say it's horrible but they played it safe with the meats...others places have offered us alligator, chicken hearts...and here we had none of that. We were offered alot of beef but who can a argue with that right? Now the thing about it, is that we were impressed alot more with the salad bar...the roasted vegetables were delish and these cheese biscuits they had were incredible.

If you eat here, get the discounts that you pay $3 per person at Last Minute tickets. It will save you $$$ and that way you won't be disappointed.

I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the raspberry mojitos, cheese breads, and salad bar that had so yummy Brazilian side dishes. I just hope that they get riskier with the proteins
Not to sound overdramatic, but this was one of the most disappointing dining experiences ever.  My friends and I went for breakfast on a recent trip to Vegas.  I ordered the smoked salmon platter, which, according to the menu, came with cream cheese and a bagel, along with the normal toppings like capers and onion.  Pretty standard, right? When my meal arrived, however, it actually came with not a bagel, but a MINI bagel.  I'm not exaggerating, the bagel was approximately the same width as the sliced romaine tomato. Considering it was a $10 breakfast, I expected a normal-sized bagel.  Or at the very least, it would have been nice for our server to warn me in advance. Oh, and there was a 20 minute wait to be seated even though the restaurant was not busy at all, and it took us about an hour to get out of there once we were seated because the service was incredibly slow. And the coffee was disgusting. Run, don't walk, away from this place!
The salad bar was good, but I'd avoid the tempura (why go to a Brazilian grill for Japanese food?), it was pretty soggy.  There were some unusual (to me at least) items of the salad bar, but good to be different.  The meats were a mixed bag, YMMV applies.  I loved the lamb, with the vinaigrette sauce (my wife asked what was in it, and they told us it was balsamic vinegar, mixed with honey).  The sirloin was wonderful, as was the grilled pineapple.  The sausage, chicken versions, were OK, but I hated the parmesan filet, couldn't finish it.  Again some of this is personal preferences.  Service was great, very attentive, deserts were just right to top if off.
Reasonable decent, nothing bad, but nothing that was outstanding. I used a Groupon so really hard to complain about the price.  Normal price $43.95 is a reasonable value if you are hungry. Nice location for those staying central strip. There at least two other Portuguese Radizio places in town which I think are better
I recently dined at Pampas Grille and the food was excellent. I was so pleased by the service, they were all johnny on the spot with the meat and the re-fills on the drinks. Our waiter, Marco was very charming and personable along with his excellent service. I rarely ever take the time to do reviews, but with our service from Marco and the rest of the people that worked there, they deserve all shining stars!
I went here with a couple of girlfriends to come in and have a good time & see what Brazilian style steak was all about. The result was a friendly staff, great food, wonderful service, attentive meat servers, and overall nice atmosphere. One of the meat servers even went to the salad bar and grabbed us more of what we wanted so we didn't have to get up! I thought that was very nice to please their guests and make them feel more welcome. Marco was our server and he was informative, helpful and explained everything beforehand since it was our first visit. He made the dinner even better because he engaged us and was so funny. After 2 hours of eating, we finally called it quits and left very happy!!
If you have tried Texas De Brazil, don't even attempt to compare it to Pampas. I was sorely disappointed with Pampas. The meats were average and they didn't come around to our table as often as others, and the salad bar was a joke. It felt like cafeteria food. They claim to be a true Brazilian steakhouse, but all the main Brazilian fare was so underwhelming. 

What was most disappointing was the service. I can get over the bad food, but the service ruined the entire night. We were seated in the center section and there was only one server working the entire thing...there had to be at least 15 tables she was serving. It took 35 minutes just to get our check and no one even asked about our experience. 

My advice: spend a little extra money and go to Texas De Brazil!!!
Ate here on Saturday with a groupon and gotta agree with Lauren M. If you want good Brazilian BBQ just go to Texas de Brazil. Its not that this place is bad, its just put to shame by Texas de Brazil. Atmosphere here is more like buffet, while TdB is upscale restaurant. You could impress a date at TdB not Pampas. Service was about equal, but i don't ask for much at Brazilian BBQ, just stop by with meats frequently and don't leave me waiting when I am ready to go. Both places accomplished that. 

Ultimately the meat is what really differentiates the star status for these to for me. TdB just seemed fresher and better cooked. Most of my meats were overcooked at Pampas here. At TdB the meat guys (is that what they are called? Eh I'll go with it) at least tell you if meat is cooked med. rare, med. or well done. At Pampas i was left guessing with most of them seeming well done, while I am a medium rare fan. The only thing cooked proper to me was Pampas's Sirloin. The filet, lamb and everything else was all over cooked. Also Salad bar is better at TdB. 

I would say it was worth the discounted price with groupon but I would not pay full price when i could add a couple bucks more to go to Texas de Brazil.
I have been to quite a few Brazilian restaurants with the churrascaria meal options so my sights might be set higher than most.  This place does the job, but it is no Fogo De Chao.  There was a lack of variety in the salad bar and the meat selection seemed less diverse than other places.  They also sat us in the corner near the bar, which was fine, but we were the only table having the churrascaria  option, so the servers took their time in getting to us.
came here on the last day of vegas... just to get their steak & eggs... i thought it was pretty good .. portions were small though, i believe... i forget, but not bad :)
Over priced, Rude staff and a total waste of time and money.
My biggest problem was we had a reservation for 10 and we waited 30 minutes and they gave us a table for 7. Then we waited another 20 minutes to finally get the table size we requested. Our waiter kept tacking things on the the bill because since we were such a big group he got a 20% gratuity auto-manically.  Them we waited 30 minutes for our appetizers and another 30 for our entrees. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
**Summary**
       - Quality - Perhaps I got a bad piece, but the meat quality of my rib eye 
       - Value - Save the Pork Ribs, the value of this place is horrendous. I paid $40 for a steak that I could easily find for $15 elsewhere. No wonder they're always having deals on Restaurant.com or Groupon.
       - Rodizio - Though I didn't get the rodizio dinner, from the looks of the meats passing by, the selection is limited compared to Via Brasil. With the same price as Via Brasil, the service and ambiance is reminiscence of your local Applebees than a fine dining establishment.
**Price**
       - $11.95 Malagueta Pork Ribs
       - $39.95 Rib Eye Steak
**Ordered**
       - Malagueta Pork Ribs - 4 succulent pork ribs over a bed of black beans and rice. It was slightly crispy on the outside  and juicy on the inside. The flavor was delightfully sweet and salty. If you're looking for a small meal, this would be the perfect choice.
       - Rib Eye Steak - The steak comes with their Buffet Bar that's priced at $24.95. The Buffet Bar is definitely not worth that much. I'd say $10 at most. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out as so, but it wasn't tender at all. Somehow they managed to make the steak as hard as if it were cooked well done, while having a pink center.

**Recommendations**
       - I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Rodizio wise, Via Brasil is definitely a better choice. Steak wise, there are so many actual steak houses where you'd pay the same price and get way better cuts of meats cooked right.
I'm a big fan of churrascarias (once in a while) and was really excited that the Marriott Grand Chateu gave me two $10 off coupons for Pampas which was located across the street in the Miracle Mile shops.

As soon as we walked in though I felt like I was walking into a Soup Plantation or something. The tables didn't have table cloths and the dining area felt like a cafeteria. The salad bar was okay and I can't put my finger on it but felt much cheaper than others I've been to, and the meat was good but not great.

Pet peeve: We had the card on the red (aka don't serve us) side for the latter half of the meal yet the servers kept stopping by to try to give us meat. 

Even with the $10 off each the meal was way overpriced for what we got.

Food: Okay
Service: Okay
Location: Convenient in the mall
Ambiance: Not great
Value: Overpriced
What can I say positive here.  We were seated right away. Went at 9pm on a Sunday night.  Not too crowded but had to wait about 5 minutes or more just to have someone come and take a drink order or offer water.  This place is not concerned with service at all. 

Decor was okay but you are seated really close to other people and there wasn't a lot of room if you are making trips to the salad bar.

We had questions about the menu.  They do a table side sliced meat deal... they call it a "parade of meats".  They run between $48.95 to $54.95 including their "50 item hot and cold salad bar".  The rest of the menu was priced high too.  

Funny thing about the service... when the came to offer my husband his first "slice of meat"... he didn't even have a plate... when we asked about getting a plate... they told him he had to go get one at the salad bar.  REALLY... you want to charge someone $48.95 for a meal and you have to go get your own plate.  WHAT???  (okay, so we had a $10 off coupon but still... if I am paying $$$$ for a meal.. I want real service)

I had the boulliabase (small over cooked split lobster tails, about 6 shrimp and a lot of mussels over pasta in a broth) which also came with the all you can eat salad bar ($39.95).  Over all... was only mediocre and I ddin't even take my unfinished pasta back to our place.

Mhusband had the "meat parade"  which included pork tenderloin, tri tip which he like, filet (parmesean crusted), a dried out chicken thigh, ham, sirloin, and some bacon wrapped turkey I think.  My kids had the sirloin and the tenderloin (around $35 each as well).  

Even with coupons, $150 for 4 people, no desert and only one glass of wine... so not worth it.
Take your money to Texas De Brazil...the food, ambiance, and service is ten-folds better there. We only dined here because we had a coupon for 'buy one get one free'.  Having had used the coupon, we still felt a little ripped off for what we paid. The food was bland and overly salty.  The selection at the salad bar was not really a selection at all. We paid extra to get seafood along with our dinners, but the only thing we sort-of liked was the skewered shrimps. Don't spring for the unlimited seafood and churrascaria,..the seafood is not worth the extra money at all.  Our waiter was non-attentive, we actually had to flag him down to get our check and have him take our payment.  
I would've been upset if we did not have our 'buy one get one free' coupon. Take your money to Todai next door....although I have not tried this Todai...I still think it would be a better bet than Pampas. It was not worth the money at all.
I've been lucky enough to experience two other superb churrascaria to know that Pampas Churrascaria is no good. 

First of all, the benefit of going to a churrascaria is to be able to sample many many different types of meat. I honestly feel like at Pampas, they only have about 5-- that is including the grilled pineapple. None of the meats were top quality like what I've previously experienced and they have no chicken hearts!! Bleh. 

We also ordered the seafood option as well and it's pretty much as bad as the meat. The scallops and shrimp were tasteless, ahi tuna overcooked and the rest of the platter left me feeling unappetized. 

The pitcher of sangria we ordered can hardly pass for sangria. With no fruits in it and no fruity taste, it fell short of being just cheap wine.

Lucky for us, our friend had a coupon for $100 off. We all ended up paying short of $50 each which is not bad for a churrascaria but I will never come back to Pampas again.
I had the 5.95 steak & eggs breakfast special at Pampas in Planet Hollywood this morning.  The steak was great!  Just a little rawer than I requested.  Other than that the service was the highlight of my meal!  My server was Nicki and she was excellent.  Very attentive & funny.  She was delightful!  Anytime I go back I will be requesting her service.
We actually came for their 8:00-11:30AM $5.99 breakfast, but unfortunately missed it. So we did their promo special for AYCE for $19.99.  I would definitely come back to try their breakfast with steak and eggs!! 

Although this is not Agora, it was pretty good all you can eat Churrascaria!  Their sides were a bit disappointing, as I was hoping for more.  We got the surf and turf buffet - The grilled shrimp was just okay.  Knowing what I know now, I would probably just order the meats without paying the extra for the shrimps because it wasn't worth it.  Their meats were nicely favored, but it wasn't amazing.  I have to admit that I really did enjoy their roasted pineapple - it was a nice in between meats!  Service was excellent - our server was a super nice older gentlemen! 

Overall, I'm looking forward to returning for their breakfast special!
Again I read the reviews before I went there for a business dinner w/ a bunch of colleagues. My expectations were low, but I had a slide hope as I enjoyed Pampas in Palo Alto before and this was a great experience.
We had to wait for our table to become ready. Waiting time was OK, as we had to wait for two more colleagues anyhow. After getting to our table the waiter explained the food and tried to upsell to include seafood. We had to order ice-water extra. The meat comes not on a regular basis, sometimes we have to ask for more. The quality was OK and there were lots of variations/
For Las Vegas and the pricing IMHO it's OK to give 3 stars.
Please, please, read the other reviews and think about this before you even think about setting foot in this establishment.  All the negative reviews are very true.  If you've been to another Brazilian restaurant, this will be a huge huge disappointment.  To boot, it is overpriced for the food quality and variety -- think about it, if over 50% of the diners have half-off certificates, it's because they're tourists and have never eaten here.

I apologize for being so negative, I usually try to find the good in establishments but there isn't much good here.  The best part of my dining experience was my server, Cynthia (she was absolutely awesome!) and the fried cod (from my seafood option).  Yes, the fried fish was the best part in a Brazilian restaurant.

My experience as a diner started out, on a 105-degree day, of the maitreD insisting on seating me as the 2-person table at the far end of the bar (farthest away from servers too!)-- facing the mall hallway and 100 feet away from the outside doors facing the heat.  When I noticed the heat and sweated immediately, she told me that it was airconditioned (as if it was my imagination).  This was early, too, around 530 p.m. with restaurant 80% empty.  Not only did the meat servers ignore me (being out of the way), but I began sweating even more (hey youre splurging for a supposedly nice meal in a nice restaurant on vacation, that aint right).  I politely asked my server if it was possible to move somewhere cooler and after much discussion with the maitreD (who acted all surprised-shocked that I didnt like my table, doh), they allowed me to move inside where it was 15 degrees cooler at least.

I wish I could say that the dining experience was tremendous free there on.  I really wish.  But other than my server's attentiveness, it was god-awful.  Honestly for what I ordered (the churrascaria with the surf and turf), I would have been better served by dining at a nice casino buffet like Planet Hollywoods for half the price (take the prime rib, carved turkey carved ham plus the middle-eastern meats and add the seafood dishes with the various salads/desserts and it's 10x better).

Specific reasons why I am so negative:
1. Horrible Logistics -- Instead of having 3d red-yellow-green wood that a customer can place on a table to indicate whether he wants servers to bring meat, this restaurant uses plastic decals (smaller than a coaster) that lay flat on the table and cant be seen by servers -- thus they breeze right by you table because they cant see that you want food.
2. Poor Maintenance -- They did something to the floors (extra wax???) whereby people were slipping and sliding as they walked to the salad bar or restrooms, which by the way were kinda nasty.
3. Poor Quality and/or Prepared Food -- which is the main reason
a) Iced Tea -- I asked for unsweetened regular iced tea and received a fruity version (which can cause dietary isues) as the original server (in the bar) didnt feel it necessary to tell me (I thought the tea was rotting or going bad based on the unexpected "flavoring").
b) Over-Seasoning to mask either the quality or preparation.  Filet mignon that was tasty if you could get by the intense seasoning...after a few bites I couldn't eat it.  Even the ham tasted like a salt shaker -- I mean, ham is the easiest meat to cook with a little seasoning (if at all) to be flavorful.  On the seafood option, the ahi tuna skewers were all over the place -- sometime cooked just right, sometimes chewey/overcooked, and so overseasoned it wasnt edible.  Next to the ham, the next easiest (or even easier) item to not screw up is grilled pineapple -- instead, I received thin, tart, hardly grilled pineapple (the kind youd get at Country Buffet).  Even the deep-fried bananas on the salad bar-buffet were soggy and mushy.

Did I speak to management and express these concerns?  No, I figured if they work there and supervise and taste their product, they should have a clue (a manager was going through the restaurant asking patrons regarding their dining experience -- honestly I just wanted to finish and leave and be done with it).  It is what it is....a $20 meal for $50-60.  You decide...but there are so many other wonderful choices for dining in Vegas.
This place is a little hidden but this place is pretty good. Its located in planet hollywood. My friends and I got the all you can eat bbq. It was $19.99 and with tax and tip for 11 people, I paid $27.

My favorite is the pork! SO SOFT AND TENDER AND JUICY! YUMMMM

The beef is good too, but the pork was the best! I also liked the pineapples! They slice the pineapple at the table and its so warm, sweet, and juicy! I also really loved the salad bar because it came with a lot of different varieties of veggies. :) 

They also served turkey wrapped in bacon and some brazillian sausage, but those were just whatever. The ham was not one of my favorites because it was so salty. 

I also tried their raspberry mojito and it was so bomb. They actually crush whole raspberries because you can see it in your drink! It was so refreshing and cooling. The perfect compliment to your meat :)
OMG the lobster tail and the scallops wrapped in bacon were SOOO good!!!!! all the food looked and smelled delicious!!!
For a place being famous for their meat...it didn't live up to par.  I ordered the Rib Eye and it was really dry and flavorless.  I understand the Ribeye is a fattier cut but my piece was over 50% fat.  bleh. In addition, my Medium Rare was VERY rare.  On the side note, the fries here are great! ironic, everything I liked at this dinner was non-brazillian related. 

Some of our party opted for the all you can eat bbq but everyone wasn't feeling too great 30 minutes after our meal. 

The highlight of the meal was their grand salad bar. Not only salads but had many sides. My favorite was actually the mini baby back ribs and corn cheese bread. I felt like I should of skipped the $40 steak and just opted for the all you can salad bar. 

Tip: they have restauarant.com or if you have the Planet Hollywood Hotel Chain players card - they will give you 10% off your bill.
Worst service in the PH. We sat there for 15 min before she took our order. Only one other party of three in the whole area. The food was not that good and way overpriced for what you get. Then the last straw was when I had to refill my own glass because our waitresses just left and nobody explained where she went. Took another 20 min to get I our checks and she got pissed when we wanted it split three ways. Never again will I eat there.
I went for lunch with a voucher for Tix4Tonight which is the equivalent of the $5 off coupons you find everywhere.

Sounds like a great bargain until you realize that the beef is pretty much all sirloin. You can buy a lot of sirloin for $20... That much said, I did like the meat and the sausage in particular. I definitely could have done without any of the chicken. Salad bar is decent with french onion and clam chowder in the soup bar. Fried bananas make for a decent dessert.

Definitely not in the same league as Fogo de Chao and other Churrascarias, but OK for the price and location.
AMAZING.

Non-stop bar-b-que.  Meat is cooked just right, not too burned. The sea food is decent, but the bar-b-que part is amazing.  Deserts are bomb too, probably one of my favorite resaurants in vegas.  

Isn't too expensive either, and they have a yelp $5 off.  

YUMM
The customer service here was exceptional!  the saff was extremely friendly and attentive, even on a busy Friday night.  The servers kept coming around with skewers of meat until we were STUFFED!  The food in the buffet area was also excellent.  We especially loved the tempura vegetables, fresh mozzerellas, fresh biscuits, and soups.  The coleslaw is also yummy with pineapple mixed in.

 I recommend looking for the showgirl handing out the coupons not too far from the restaurant entrance in Planet Hollywood.  The coupon saves you almost 50% per adult and it is good for your whole party.

The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the shrimp we receive was overcooked and the filet mignon was too well done.  However, everything else was excellent.  We travel to Vegas quite often and we will most certainly be back!

The Vegas guides give this restaurant a $$.  However, at $35+ per person with coupon, $60+ without, I would give it a $$$.
Pampas is an ok churrascaria located in Planet Hollywood.  The meat buffet was $42.95, which is what we had, and it includes 10 meats.  There is a meat plus seafood buffet for something like $50.  I found the best and tastiest meats to be the pork loin and the picanha steak.  The meats weren't overly salty like some lower grade churrascari can be.  Some novelties included grilled pineapple (nice!), bacon wrapped turkey, and Brazilian deep fried chicken.  There's no comparison to say a Fogo de Chao, but it was plenty decent.  Water service by our server was very good and appreciated given the kind of meal we were having.
We decided to try out this Brazilian Steak House for my best friends birthday and were unfortunately unimpressed. It was not bad by any means, but we really expected more. Three of us got the endless meat dinners and the fourth got a filet minon meal. The meal was WAY better than any of the meat we got from the guys walking around with skewers, though the bacon wrapped turkey was VERY good. The service is really what was lacking. There are so many people walking around no one really pays attention to your drinks or if you need anything. On another note... if you are a lady don't plan on using the restroom unless you have a friend to hold the doors that do not lock...
You need to try their Meat Rodizio. I usually go for the Surf & Turf but was not looking to eat absurd amounts of seafood this go-around, plus Yelp Check-In had a $5-10 off special for the Meat. SUPERB.

The parmesan filet mignon and the lamb were incredible. In addition, the pasta salad and the fried bananas were amazing. If only this place were cheaper, but after all it is Vegas, and I did go for dinner.

I will definitely come back here again. :)
This location pales in comparison to the one in Palo Alto, CA.

For the same price, you get less variety of meat, worse quality, longer wait time, worse side buffet choices.
We have several great churrascarias to pick from back home in Dallas and I was excited to see what Vegas had to offer. Unfortunately this place was a disappointment. The selection and quality of both the meats and salad bar paled in comparison to what I was used to. The servers came by pretty infrequently and when they did finally come by the meat they had was often dry and tough. 

This would all be forgivable if the price was right but this place cost as much as the better churrascarias back home. Granted food in Vegas tends to be on the high side but even compared to midrange churrascarias in Dallas this place fell short. 

On the plus side, the drinks were good and strong and the wait staff attentive.
Made reservations via Yelp and was seated right on time. We had a group of ten and were seated in our own private room. Service was over the top and the meal was unbelievable. We all had the Meat Rodi's and had a coupon from Restaurant.com. Their salad bar was wonderful and the sangria was excellent.
Oh my have I become a FAN! To start off with I had no clue what I was Getting myself in to. Servers where generally Nice. Marco took well care of us. We got the Beef Special and well of course before they came around we got some of the sides that they offer and they are so delicious. Starting off  with the Cheese Bread and then moving on to there salad bar everything was divine. Just make sure you don't overfill on the side cause when the Meat comes around thats when the part starts!
Trying the Meat we had 10 different kind to try from they just go around with it and give you a taste you can ask for how big of a size. I tried Lamb for the first time and that was so tender that Im a fan of lamb now. The roast beef the  bacon wraps man every thing was delicious from start to beginning. 

And then came the Pineapple. Oh how can a fruit taste so good when it is cooked. I just kept waiting for them to keep coming around for more.

They also have Fried Plantains and they are so Creamy and melt in your mouth delicious.

 I cant stop talking about this place. I keep Raving to my friends. The overall experience the welcoming atmosphere just made it the that much better. I cant wait to eat it again! 

Absolutely Loved it!
The only thing that saved me from going postal on this place was the coupon, and the grilled pineapple.  The food was old and cold on the buffet, the meat was dry, the drinks were weak, the service was terrible, and the silverwear on the table was dirty while the management didn't care.  Will never recomend nor will I return.  Hope it shuts down soon!  Would have been more worth the money I spent to go to a fast food reasturant, or any other place in the mall.  Cuz this was bad!
The location was great, right on the strip. The ambience was nice too. The food, though, was a little disappointing. We opted for the rodizio and they served things like turkey and pineapple. Not an authentic brazilian churrascaria. The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't authentic and unique as I had expected. Also, It was a bit pricey, I guess because of the location.
Not entirely sure why this is 3 stars. I think it's delicious. The meat rodizio is amazing. Staff was kind and funny too. Definitely coming back here when I go to Vegas again.
Rompah-and-a-Stompah

I'm all for endless meat!! Yes, it even makes me do a little dance when it's crazy delicious. Though Pampas does not come close to my favorite Churrascaria it sure did hit the spot for our first Vegas dinner of our poppin' weekend! 

Highlights & Low-lights:

*The service was a little spotty yet descent 
*The "gauchos" don't come around as much as I'd  like. I guess its because not everyone does the all you can eat. 
*Side/Salad bar was fair with a variety of different meat accompaniments
*YAYs: Filet Mignon (to die for), Top Sirloin, Pineapple, & fried plantains!
*For whatever reason I got a lot of fatty pieces of meat :(
*Their meat needs more seasoning, damnit (and I despise salt)
*Seafood options!!

This place is alright. I wouldn't mind coming back here if someone suggests it. A-OK for you Pampas!
This review is for breakfast: Steak and Eggs is a good deal. The taste was okay. A nice sized portion, could have done with a biscuit instead of a muffin. The steak was a bit flavorless and rough (I asked for medium-well). A far as the meal goes, good price, but lacks some flavor. Service was okay. The table and surrounding area was a bit crumby. Overall, save this place for lunch or dinner, unless you really want steak and eggs for breakfast. 

BTW, if you stay at the Marriott across the street you get a discount here.
Went here for breakfast at 10:00am on a Monday. Food was good but it was a very long wait for it and the restaurant was less than half full.
I went there with two of my co-workers and we all think it was a terrible meal. We each got the unlimited meat and seafood for $53.  I will never return to this place and I sure hope others do not waste their time and money. The quality of the meats were very low and they were always prepared as well done.  After complaining to our waiter he said they were suppose to ask us how we liked our meat prepared.  Once we asked them instead of them asking us, it was a little better.  However the meat was still not good.  Next time I'll spend my money somewhere else. 

It's possible they were having a bad night.  Either way I'll never return.
Just plain not good. Paid $50+ for surf and turf skewers where the meat was way over cooked (well done lamb and fillet?) and the scallops were under cooked. Even after asking for medium cooked meats they only delivered over garlic-ed, poorly cut fare. Not a good experience.
By the way, the manager contacted me about a week after I posted this review. Said he wanted to make it right...blah, blah, blah. I responded and he NEVER contacted me again. With that kind of service and the amount of awesome restaurants in Vegas, their business has only one place to go...in the ground.
This is for the District Manager who said they wanted to make it right when we had terrible service with a whole lot of no service when we got scammed for the seafood. Though the food is good, I was told Last June that they were going to make things right. I have the emails.  I have heard nothing since then nor do I expect to hear anything.  They simply email you acting like they are going to make things right and never do. Bummer.
My wife and I chose this place for our wedding reception site last year and we came away very pleased. They basically just gave us their separate dining room to house our guests and then did their usual service. 

The food was amazing and there's no complaints about the service. But I personally didn't like the the layout of the place. 

The salad bar area was cumbersome and not very plentiful, but other than that, I'm a fan. 

I'd probably return as a normal patron if I were ever in the area and starving, with a hankering for a side of meat... or three.
The place looks great, food is good, but not worth the money if you paid the normal rate. What kills this place is there service. I have seen people get up & leave. Not just once, twice, but many times at least 5 or 6 times in the past year when I visited the place. I visited this place at least 20 times in the last past year. Only worth it if you have a discount coupon & remember to ask for water & a drink or two waters, they usually do not come around for 20 to 30 mins at a time. The meat servers are usually around, but not as offen as you would want them to be. But hey, you get what you pay for!
They have to remember that there is Fogo de Chao is openning down the street off Flamingo/Paradise and of the number 1 Texas de Brazil in Town Center is just down the street!  People that live out here go there. But for out of town vistors, unfortunately if you get to eat out once, hopefuly you won't get dissapointed and stuck here cause they won't see you again. Dinner hours are very busy and service is even worst! If you do get stuck eating here, then it's best to eat around lunch, cheaper, less meat selection but decent service if you get either of the two waitress Nicole or Nicky, these are the only to waitress that know how to service customers. If you get someone else beside these girls, well good luck, order three drinks or a pitcher of water. Like I said before, food is good, service needs big time work.
Pampas currently has an offer through 11/30/11 for a $43.95 Gift Certificate when you bring in a canned or boxed food item for donation to the LV Food Bank.  Even with a discount I wouldn't return, but if you're still interested the offer info is on their website.

We arrived around 9:30p and waited briefly to be seated because they only had 2 sections that they were seating.  After about 15 minutes of waiting and no greeting from anyone, the waiter for our section greets the last table that had just been seated to take their orders.  Really??  Aware of our displeasure, the manager approaches and apologizes, introducing our server, Marcio (the same server who was just at the previously mentioned table), "who will take good care of you."

After giving Marcio our order for the Meat Rodizio, he tells us to start with the salad bar area.  (We wouldn't see Marcio again for a very long time.)  There is absolutely nothing notable about on the salad bar, nothing that looks tempting, or overly fresh.  Everything is just alright.  We return to our table to find the meat gaucho scene bleak.  Over the next 20 minutes we would be offered 3 things: fresh pineapple, sirloin, and ham.  Really??  I've been to Brazilian Churrascarias before and I've never seen so little action.

Enter the scene Jeremy, our savior, who immediately jumps into action.  He asks what meats we have tried and would like to try. We tell him that we have only had 3 things, to which he says, "I'm gonna go make a note on the board for you, so we can get you guys a taste of everything."  Thank you sweet baby Jesus!  Jeremy opens the flood gates, and just like that meat starts flowing into our room.  For the rest of the night Jeremy would be the only person keeping an eye on our glasses, making sure we got food and beverage refills.  Thank you Jeremy!

Food quality is highly inconsistent, ranging anywhere from a (-3) to 4.  The first piece of picanha we tried was more dehydrated, shriveled, and overcooked than a slice of beef jerky.  Once we asked for rare they did step it up and deliver a tasty piece that I would rate at a 4.  Their chicken legs had no flavor, pork loin was dull.  The good: bacon wrapped turkey, picanha (after adjustment), lamb (inconsistent, but had 1 good piece), and tri-tip (shocking because I normally don't care that much for it, but very flavorful & juicy).

Ok, we're donzo.  Check please.  Marcio!  There you are!  We were certain that he had gone home or something.  I really hope that they split tips there because our "would be server" gave us absolutely no face time.  

At most Churrascarias the gauchos are personable and communicative.  There is a total disconnect here.  Once, one of the gauchos did, to my surprise, ask us if there was anything that we would like to try.  The atmosphere is non-existent.  As we strolled to our car my boyfriend made a comment that summed it all up.  He said, "Pampas is an Olive Garden in the world of Churrascarias."
Put together a dinner for 112 of my closest friends this week and Pampas rocked it.  Not only was the food top shelf, the staff was consistently attentive and caring.  

Special thanks to Denise, Pampas' general manager for her steady and much-needed communication in the weeks leading up to our dinner, and ensuring every single aspect of the event went smoothly.  Outstanding!  

So if you have a large gathering and you want a fun and truly well run dinner experience in Las Vegas, I definitely recommend Pampas Grille...
This place is amazing and the only reason they don't get a 5 star is because I have been to other similar places that I like just a little bit better.  This is close, but I wouldn't feel right giving them a 5 star when I like the other places better (that are 5 star worthy)

Food: IT NEVER ENDS.  Amazing selection of any and every kind of meat you ever wanted.  Warning - you might go into a meat coma.  Prepared nicely ... there was not much that I said no to.  The top sirloin is the most amazing meat I had.  Filet was my least favorite...not a fan of how they cook it here.  Again, all pretty much that I stuffed in my mouth was amazing.  

Salad bar:  TWO WORDS:  FRIED BANANAS ....... Very good - you can be a veggie and go here and eat more than you should.  so lots of options there - 

Service - hands down amazing for the group we had.  112 of us and I never felt like I waited to long.  Simply amazing.  I would give them 5 stars for service ...
I was at Pampas for an event dinner while in Vegas for a conference. This was a great place to hold a dinner for a large group (just over 100). 

Our tea was never empty and the food was fantastic. All the staff were efficient and courteous.

If you're in Vegas, give Pampas a try.
The salad bar was great and had a large selection.  The meats were not as tasty as I would have hoped from a steakhouse.  The meat had little flavor and would benefit from a little seasoning.  The service is fast and very friendly.  I will go again in hopes that the meat will be a bit more tasty.  Also, make sure to get the discounted meal vouchers from the ticket shops on the strip; you will pay half price for your meal and that's a huge savings when you consider the normal prices of $50 and up for a meal!
Visited this place because we received a $100.00 voucher for sitting through a two hour time share presentation. Winning! Right? Not exactly. 

The wife and I had been to a Churrascaria the weekend before in San Antonio, and we're blown away. We hoped that for the fact it's in Vegas, Pampas to be much better. 

We arrived on time for a 730 reservation, and we're told to wait another 15 minutes. No problem, sat at the bar for a while. We were finally seated 30 minutes later, and waited 10 minutes for our server. Finally the floor manager took our drink order. 

The salad bar was not as good as places I've been in the past. The only item I liked were the deep fried bananas and cheese bread. Some items I usually enjoy, mashed potatoes, tempura, and Caesar salad all fell short. 

The meat came around infrequently. Initially only 4 cuts came around on a regular basis, without seeing any other meats. We eventually told those guys to stop coming, and told the manager. Slowly other cuts came around, and we became frustrated. I don't think either of us got out fill. 

The quality of the meat was poor. Nothing stood out except for bacon wrapped turkey, but then again how can you mess up bacon. 

We spoke with the manager again, and he comped us desert. I had the cheesecake which was "okay". 

I would not come here again unless I has another voucher, and if I did I would drink a lot of beer and fill up on fried bananas.
We've arrived early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  We saw the buffet salad bar and looked at the price.  $24.95 for salad.  Steep.  The meat buffet was $45 to $50 per person.  Steep.  Service after we satdown was slow, real slow.  I ordered mussel appetizer.  They made it way too salty.  The lobster appetizer was tiny for $16.  I went there with groupon deal.  Without the groupon deal, I would not have considered.  Now that I've dined, I would not go back even with a groupon deal.
I'll just start out by saying Texas de Brazil has nothing to worry about from this place.  The only good experience I had was the "comped" check.  The wait was long, even with a reservation.  The hostess was rude and clearly had no idea what she was doing.  The wait was long to get a drink at the bar, even though they were not that crowded.  The bartender was more interested in cleaning up.  When finally seated, the waiter took 15 minutes to take the drink order.  They had just gotten rid of the fresh seafood bar and in it's place would bring out "seafood" when asked.  A nice piece of white fish, some scallops wrapped in bacon and shrimps.  The meat was salty, and they only brought the filet around once in a while; while trying to load you up on sausages and chicken.  While both good, I wanted steak.  Of the steak pieces, the sirloin was probably the best cooked, very flavorful.  I would say the same about the filet, but I had it only once.

The Manager was very nice, obviously knew he had a lot of issues with the staff.  I believe he is just there till he finds another job.  He comped the meal for poor service, but I did offer to pay for the bottle of wine I bought.

Overall, this place is dying. They are trying to save money at the cost of food and service.  For a little bit more, Texas de Brazil is by far the better experience.
If 3  1/2 stars were available I would have chosen it. We purchased half price tickets at one of the Tix 4 Tonight locations on the Strip. At half price we definitely enjoyed the meal, but at $43 bucks regular price you could spend an additional $5 dollars and take advantage of the pre-fixe menu at any number of great dining options along the strip. Surprisingly, for being a Brazilian Steakhouse the steak was the disappointing part of the meal. The filet was way overcooked and the sirloin, while perfectly medium rare was also perfectly bland. The other items we sampled included the ham, bacon wrapped turkey, sausage and pork loin were all very tasty. Salad bar was solid with a variety of items to choose from. Only salad bar item that was off was the antipasto salad. We would return with half price tickets in the future.
went on a sunday night with a 50.00 groupon.unlike other places that look at you like you have not showered for a while they where fine with it.asked them if i needed a reservation and they said no so went and did sunday shopping in the miracle mile shops and played the machines for about an hour.rolled back up and was greeted and seated right away. asked and got the table i wanted right near the bar so i could watch a little football.server greeted me in a timely manner.didnt need him to explain the menu as i had been to churascarrias before.went to the salad bar and got some cheese and cheeses bread.the bananas and mashed potatoes where on the salad bar,which i had never seen done before as the back waiter brings them out to you at the other brazilian steakhouses,but seeing as how he didnt have a back waiter i suppose that would say it all.so to the food. i tried everything that they offerred twice,first go around i thought my taste buds were deceiving me as i could not taste any flavor.nope ,i was right,everything was completely tasteless, whereas as tex. de brazil, yolies seemed overly seasoned[although that seemed to be remedied on my last visit] teir rodizio seemed to not be sasoned at all.i you already have a groupon you might as well go as you can do a little shopping and gamblingwhile you are there,but there are better tasting rodizios, that have more buzz about them around town.i gave this only two stars because of the food and ambience,i would give the service 4 stars.
Went here for breakfast and ordered the steak and eggs special ($5.99).  The breakfast is basically a way for them to showcase their excellent Brazilian bbq steaks, which are tender and perfectly marinated.  

Service was sluggish and we were waiting a long time before a waiter came over to take our orders.  If I'm in the mood to splurge, I might be tempted to go here again to try their bbq dinner.
Not good at all. The meats were overcooked and tasteless. The only good one I had that came around was the garlic filet minion. The other stuff was so so, overcooked and not well seasoned. The best meat I had there was the meatloaf at the salad bar, which should tell you something. Seemed like they were understaffed because the service was so so. The staff there was very nice though and I appreciated that.
I paid total of $112 for 2 and it was not worth it at all! All I know is that I will never go back!
This place was awesome! I stayed in planet hollywood over the weekend and was craving steak and eggs so we went here before we left. There was another place that my friends always go to that I've been meaning to try that's a little off the strip, but we didn't have time to go there so we decided to just try this place. I'm really glad that we decided to stay and eat at this place! Service was super quick and the food was delicious and cheap! $5.99 for steak and eggs! We got our food faster than we probably would have at a fast food place and it was great quality. I went to the restroom after ordering and when i came back the food was already waiting for me! I'll definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  If you want to spend $$$ for Brazilian AYCE, best bet is either Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil.  Do NOT waste your $$$ and time at Pampas.  Food and service is not worth it unless they bring down prices to the same cost as McDonalds...that's how bad it is.
Absolute GARBAGE!  The waiter bragged how they were better than Texas De Brazil which is actually comical. Service was horrible, food was cafeteria quality at best and NEVER do a Groupon there as they have some tiny print that says you need 4 full paying customers to use it at $50 a pop.  Worst seafood ever...Imagine eating at Dennys for $50 a plate!  Save your money...trust me on this.
This place is ok. The food and service in the main dining room are the better parts of this place. The bar is a joke. The bartenders are lazy and inattentive.  We sat at the bar for 20 minutes and NEVER got asked for our order.  No one else was sitting there except for a young couple dining.  The restaurant was ok (all you can eat Brazilian steak, chicken, lamb....) but the dining set up was odd. It was like fine dining in a food court. Meh.  As I mentioned the food service was friendly and prompt but I was turned off by the lazy bartender and the 'airport food court' ambiance of the dining room.  Some redesign and staff changes might make for a better experience.
First timer here and to be honest with you it's just for the sake of a Groupon despite all those 2-3 star reviews.  First of all, the manager Terry (or Terri) was super nice, she even told me how groupon worked from merchants' side and let use use it a day before its "official" valid date (so keep in mind, you'll need to wait for a day after your groupon purchase to use it per rule).  Anyway, we opted for 19.99 Brazilian bbq lunch for two.  The menu said lunch had 7 meat selection, and dinner would have 10.  Let me count the 7 for you in order of our favorite from most to least: Pork loin; spicy chicken leg, non-spicy chicken leg; beef steak (way too raw); sausage; ham; turkey breast bacon roll.  We saw grilled pineapple too.  

Now you can tell how limited the meat selections really are at least for lunch.  I've been to other Brazilian grilles before and always been amazed by how many different stuff we can try, but for this restaurant it's certainly not the case.  The pork loin was tender enough but lack of seasoning in my personal view, the majority of beef chunk should be rated as rare-medium rare at most, I got a bloody plate after having two slices. However you can certainly ask the food servers for more cooked region (very small region though), they are friendly too.  As for the chicken (they did count non-spicy and spicy as TWO selections of meat), well you normally can't go wrong with bbq chicken, and it's just too common/ordinary to judge.

In general, friendly people, nice environment, but mediocre Brazilian grill food, can't say anything about their other menu entrees though.
It pains me somewhat to hand out 2 stars to this place because I do like the food and have had two enjoyable meals here, but I feel somewhat scammed, so I don't think I'd want to go back because this makes me uncomfortable.

Will start with the scam, have been to Pampas a couple of years ago, it was great.  So recently a groupon came up for sale and I figured I'd buy it.  $100 for $50 in food, how could I go wrong?  Well I found out.  Pampas artificially inflates their retail prices and then offers discounts through various venues (Ticket for tonight, groupon, people handing out flyers in the mall) to make people think they are getting a good deal.  So in the end you just end up paying about what you'd pay at any other restaurant....as long as you use your coupon (I feel for the poor people that don't utilize some sort of coupon at Pampas). 

For example:
Seafood buffet - $48
Meat buffet - $44

In Vegas you can find far better values for much less than that, or even splurge and eat somewhere higher end for about the same price.

So I guess with Groupon I expect to get some sort of bargain or deal, and I felt like i didn't here.  So I feel like I've been taken advantage of.  Thus I must rate this place as two stars.

The food is really quite good.  The meat tastes delicious and the salad bar is quite good.  The service is OK, the waiter was actually the same guy for both visits.  He has a very thick accent and is somewhat difficult to understand, but he's very good at his job.  They didn't seem to have much of a clue when it came to helping us with our baby, so if you have a little one you may want to steer clear.
Gave this place another try and I'm throwing in the towel.  For Christmas I gave my parents a groupon for the Rodizio lunch, thinking that it was something fun and different that they would enjoy on their post holiday trip to Vegas.  Just received a text message from my parents that they are unable to use the groupon, as it would be a minimum of an additional $20 for the meal due to "holiday prices."  This was not mentioned on the groupon.  When they spoke to the manager about it, he suggested that we write to groupon and get our money back, if we were not happy with it.  Done and done.  Although my parents are left present-less.  :(  I don't care for the ethics of this place and have had two poor experiences, I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.
Would definitely not recommend! Service was terrible. We went for a birthday dinner; told the hostess/server about the birthday and she responded saying they would do something special but not only did she fail to follow through but she avoided us the entire time! Never going back again!
Food was good. Salad bar was ok but the unlimited meat was by far the best. Service by the waiter was kind of unattentive but the meat carvers came by very quickly. We got vouchers at tix4tonight on the strip for 24.95 each plus a $3.00 service fee. Regular price was 43.95 so it was a good value.  Definitely pace yourself on the meat.
My rating is based primarily on the food, because if I gave service equal weight, I would halve the stars. Since I tend to think with my stomach, I can overlook the service in this instance and direct my rating toward the food. The meat, as well as the salad bar, was great. I stuffed myself like I was living my last day on this earth. The meat came at decent time intervals. I especially jumped at the chicken, bacon-wrapped turkey, and sausage. 

My server, however, was quite cold and rude. She flinched when we mentioned that we had the Tix4Tonight voucher, taking away our menus immediately (what if I had wanted to browse it further?). Instead of giving us tap water, which she did for the adjacent table, she handed us an Acqua Panna bottle ($6.95). Two weeks later, I am still perplexed as to why this happened (I clearly did not say bottled water). She also consistently failed to check up on us, bypassing us as she checked on her other tables. I sometimes wonder why such people decide to go into the hospitality service. Needless to say, her tip was accordingly small.


p.s. You can get a decent deal here with the Tix4Tonight booths.

p.p.s. I may have eaten almost as many fried bananas as I did meat.
While walking around the strip for a place to grab some breakfast, we found this place and couldn't resist steak and eggs for a mere $6.

We all ordered the same thing, except I got myself a good ol' Mimosa, and when the Steak & Eggs arrived I was happy. It wasn't crazy plentiful, but it hit the spot very well. There were a good amount of cubed potatoes, eggs, and steak with a wedge of orange and a banana bread-like dessert to finish up.

An all-around delicious, well-balanced breakfast. Can't complain!

Recommendation(s): Steak & Egg Breakfast for Breakfast
Horrible service and not worth the value at all. We waited about 20 minutes before the first server with meat came by our table, and that is after we flagged him down. The salad bar is average and the meat tastes fine, but it is NOT worth the $48 for dinner. Go elsewhere
Service = 4 Stars
Food = 3 Solid Stars
Value = 4 Stars

I ate here for lunch twice and breakfast once when staying in Vegas across the street.  I was with wife and kids and wanted quality food, nice setting, a bit away from casino smoke.

It's a very nice setting.  Upscale interior, solid furniture, nice waiting area.  Service was uniformly good if not great throughout stay.  It's a nice upscale all, right on the strip, and most importantly, it was very reasonably priced compared to other VEGAS Strip eating options.

If this was in Henderson, I might give it 1/2 star off as Value would fall.

They have an excellent $6 Steak and Eggs breakfast.  Steak is top sirloin, served to your desired temperature (like mine medium).  Eggs were standard scrambled the way I ordered.  Potatoes were fried "home fries".

For Steak and Eggs of this quality, would have paid twice this and been happy.

Now on to lunch.  I had the meat "buffet" option both other times.  Now, most importantly you have to understand this:

* Quality of meet for $20 buffet lunch is not going to be what you would get for a $40-50 dinner buffet at other Brazillian restaurants.

It's just not going to happen.  Instead, you get very tasty sausage, rotisserie mini chicken pieces, bacon wrapped turkey chunks, and some slice top sirloin.  

No premium meats.

But the meats they give you are tasty and filling.  Plus, you get an excellent "salad bar" buffet.  I'm not a huge buffet person, but it's a nice one.

Cheeses, olives, salads, soups, breads, etc.  I thought the calamari salad was pretty decent, and loved the fresh mozzarella, olives, artichokes, heart of palm salad, and a few other dishes.

So say what you will about this restaurant, but I think it's a decent to very good value.  I think the setting is very nice.  The service is good.  And the food is tasty and filling and not overly expensive.  

I do think you could get very expensive for dinner or if you run up certain menu choices, but that's your choice, isn't it?

Just don't think you are going to be in a nice setting, right on the strip, and get the same meal you could get at a Fuego de Chao.
To get it out of the way, the service is not that impressive. Ill prepared scheduling left one server and a trainee on the floor for a lunch shift. By one, there were seven or eight tables dining and our server was everywhere. He was nice and treated us well, but managing his tables and training took a toll on the level of service.

The food was decent. Not the best rodizio, but the AYCE basic meat came with 6 different proteins and the salad bar. With fifty different cold and hot items at the bar, you are bound to find something to eat. Unlike other places I have tried, the offerings are cheaper in quality and it showed. The fried bananas were just breaded bananas that were fried not the plantains I was hoping for. Pastas and bean dishes are offered to fill up diners. 

The six meats that were offered consisted of bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, ham with pineapple, spicy chicken, BBQ chicken, pork, and sirloin. The latter were the best items. The beef was cooked to a nice medium rare and juicy. The pork was flavorful and possessed a nice spice rub. The pineapple was something my friend and I wished came around more frequently then once. The chicken didn't have much going for them. Not spicy or bold, so throwing chimichurri on them was the only way to spruce them up. The meats took a while to first come around, but once it started it was a blitzkrieg.
My friends and I found a deal through Tix4dinner and got the meat rodizo for 25$ instead of the usual 46$ (yay!). This place is unbelievable, their salad bar is fully stocked with whatever you want to complement your meat. But on to the meat lol. They have EVERYTHING, from tri tip, to pork, to bbq and teriyaki chicken, sirloin, and like a bagillion more. It will give you a protein overload and I guarantee you if you take advantage of this buffet you will not be walking around the strip for a good 30 minutes. Just sit in the restaurant and talk until your group is ready to head out.
Ok, this place SUCKS!!!!! My bf and I went here the other day because we bought a voucher on groupon that was 2 for $20 rodizo lunch. This place is located in the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood, which to me is garbage. But, that's another story. We get there and sit down, the servers were not very attentive. They have a salad bar that was very minimal. The soups were no good. The cheese bread was hard. I guess the fried bananas were good, but that was it. There were only 4 types of meat that they offered. The top sirloin which was alright, chicken, some weirdass Chinese beef, and I can't even remember. The Chinese beef tasted like duck, seriously... WTF? Anyways, I wish I had saved that $20 and had just eaten subway or ordered a pizza. Was a waste of time, drive, and money.

Ok, maybe I'm a little bias because I LOVE Texas De Brazil, but still... I I'll never come here again, even if it was for free.
What can I say.. we went today, for lunch,  using the groupon and am so sorry I bought 2 groupons, now I have to go back...yikes.  The service was horrible.. no words to describe it.. We were seated in the bar area.. and waited for a server to come take our drink order...and waited and waited.. it was 15 min from the time sat down.  By the way there were only 3 other tables with guests there, another server had 2 tables out front.   Our server did not pay attention to us at all, didnt provide us with clean plates nor remove the ones we put to the side. The food was good,  but is much better at Texas de Brazil or Via Brasil.  We waited another 15 minutes to get a refill on our ice teas... The service was not up to Las Vegas standards in a town that works on service and tips.
I used to really like this place. The meats were well cooked and the service was excellent. This time the service was a lot slower. I had to ask for certain meats over and over before they came out. Also, all the meat was a lot drier and many times over seasoned. Since I got a gift card, we got the surf & turf. Their seafood consisted of fried fish and tiny frozen shrimp that were heated and lightly seasoned. Not much of a surf in my opinion.
Pampas was putrid. My girlfriend and I went because of restaurant.com, and I realize that a restaurant.com offer should be a red flag to begin with, but I work across the street from Planet Hollywood and my girlfriend is a Brazilian steakhouse aficionado. So we went.

It was a huge mistake. The service was great. Our server Marco was friendly and attentive, burdened by poor management and a sub par kitchen. But even his excellent service couldn't make up for all the problems with our meal. It started off poorly; we sat down and ordered Hendricks martinis and a bottle of Pinot - yes we are drinkers - and they were out of both. We nixed the cocktails and picked another bottle, and to Pampas' credit they adjusted the price to match the 86'ed bottle. We were optimistic, glad they went out of their way to accommodate us.

There are essentially 3 options on the menu: meat, seafood, and both. I believe the meat was 43, the seafood 48, and the combo 54. I got the seafood and my girl got the meat. Yes it's ok that sentence was funny. 

I am a Brazilian steakhouse neophyte, so I was a little surprised that the first thing we do after ordering was go to a salad bar. This was disgusting. Wilted salad, stale bread, and a stab at Asian cuisine that makes PF Chiang's look like Nobu. I grabbed a little Caesar salad and cafeteria pasta salad and braced for the worst.

And worse it got. First of all, as soon as we sat down from the salad bar they immediately started piling my girlfriend's plate with food, but my seafood took 25 minutes, so that was slightly awkward. However, it did give me a chance to sample the meat. 

The meat sucked. We had pork tenderloin first, which was woefully overcooked. This was followed by beef that had some kind of cheese crust that was disgusting. The procession that followed was all mediocre at best, and it was all overcooked! We went in late, like 930, so maybe that was why everything was dry and well done. But for the price I don't think it's too much to
ask for properly cooked meat. The lone exception was the lamb, which was delicious.

Eventually my seafood came. It came with baked salmon, cod, shrimp, and mussels. The menu claimed bacon-wrapped scallops were included as well, but we didn't receive those until we requested them. It was essentially buffet quality seafood. The mussels were cold. Only half the shrimp were actually peeled. The fried cod was hard and hot on the outside and cold on the inside. When the scallops finally showed up, they were also cold.

We skipped dessert. The whole experience was dismal, and the modicum of savings we got from restaurant.com didn't really make up for the waste of 2 hours. Planet Hollywood is simply a black
hole for food, I would avoid the whole hotel.
Every time I am in Vegas I go here for the $5.95 steak and eggs breakfast. My complaint with this place is not the food, but the service. It is terrible. I don't think I have ever received my drink order, be it juice or water, until at least 5 minutes after my food comes out.  Don't even think about a refill.  It usually takes a server quite a while to approach the table to take my order. The only thing they are ever prompt about is bringing a check while you are eating.  We actually got our check one PRIOR to our drinks.  You get what you pay for.... Which is why we put up with it. We want cheap breakfast!  But if u are looking for prompt service with a smile, don't go here.
oh this place is only worth it if you're a meat lover. my boyfriend was definitely enjoying the meal but I was just stuffed (and sick of eating just meat) after a few rounds. there's different servers that walks around with either chicken (bbq/spicy), bacon wrapped turkey, sausage, 2 types of pork, & trip tip (which is realllyy rare, I like my beef red but it looked like it was still breathing rare...). these guys were nice, friendly (quick!) and always smiling. they give you two pieces of the meat they have then ask you if you would like any more on top of what they give you. these comes around pretty quickly (if you dont want to wait without food in front of you this option comes with full open salad/soup bar option, which is pretty good). my favorite out of all the options were the spicy chicken, back wrapped turkey, and sausages. 

now our server.. she was just horrible.. as soon as we sat down she asked us if we have ever been in such a restaurant (very friendly tone might I add) but when we said we came here because of a Tix4Tonight voucher, she automatically changed how she acted with us. she just grabbed it then said 'drinks?' when we answered water she said 'sparkling or flat' confused my bf & i said flat. suddenly she brings out one of those fancy bottled water.. we just assumed that they dont give tap water here so we just let it slide. a table got seated next to us, same server & same voucher, however she was much nicer to them. he didn't even have the voucher on him but she let him give her just the code off his phone and she brought them out plain ol' tap water.. she would often walk past our table and go to theirs to check up on them/refill their drinks but rarely did she ever stopped at ours (only really twice during the meal, once to pick up plates). she was so bad we never even got her name...
Food was good I would give it 4 stars out of 5.  I had the ultimate surf and turf plate.

Service however it just plain out sucked!! Our waiter was a nice guy but we were out in the patio and it took about 10 minutes ( no exaggeration ) for him to come out and ask for our drinks.  When I was walking to the restroom a lady bumped into me who I thought was a customer but turns out she was a shift manager and she didn't even analogize. Last I accidentally dropped a fork o the ground and after waiting 5 minutes for someone to come out so I can ask for a new one I had to get up off my table go inside and get a clean one off another table.

Oh yeah and my bill was $148 for my girlfriend and I.  We ordered the surf & Turf and 2 glasses of wine.  I wouldn't of mind paying that if they at least had decent service!!!
On a recent visit to Las Vegas, I visited this restaurant for lunch. Although, I wanted to enjoy the food and ambiance, I was thoroughly disappointed. The salad bar spread was limited and not as fresh as I've experienced in other Brazilian restaurants. Furthermore, the meats offered were limited and the beef offerings overcooked. Needless to say, I won't be visiting this place the next time I'm in town.

On a positive note, the restaurant was clean, service was good, and the staff was friendly. Lunch prices were decent considering the spread offered.
I bought a coupon for All you can eat meat lunch for 2 at Groupon and planned to take my husband there for his birthday because he is a meat lover. Not worth it. Salad bar was o.k but we went there for "all you can eat meat", all we did just wait, wait and wait. We ended up had 1 cornish chicken and 2 small slices of beef. We were tired of waiting and lost our appetite. Total cost with tax and tip I spent $35...I could have just went to Carnival buffet at Rio, I would had more meat plus seafood there.

I got email from manager, he invites me back for a free lunch or dinner. I still haven't been back.
Ok food. Service could have been better. Made reservations and still had to wait even though the place was empty.  Servers took way too long to come around. Cheesebread was ok. Other than that I wouldn't recommend it.
We returned to try lunch again.. with our groupon.  I can say that we had a lovely young lady  Thais as our server and she was great.. like night and day from our first visit.  After the meal I did tell her we had been there before and the service was awful and on this visit we enjoyed our lunch and service.  The drinks were filled without asking and the servers came around a lot and I do mean a lot with the meat offering.
We did order desert, the cheesecake... it was very good and normally we don't get a desert... but again it went back to the great service Thais provided.
We would not go back again though, unless maybe a groupon ( a big maybe).  There are far better Churrascaria in the Las Vegas area than to go on the strip for this one.  Personally I don't think this one will survive.
The happy hour here is fantastic.  I had a really good salmon sandwich, that was the best most affordable meal I had while I was in Vegas.  At first I was a little annoyed that you had to sit at the bar to get the happy hour price, but the bartender was totally cool and engaging.  I would recommend.
Reservations made for 7pm. They were not prepared for us as we waited an additional thirty minutes. Very nice salad bar but not worth 25$(if purchased by itself). Meat choices are excellent and flavorful. They do need to space out the servings though. We had them all
arrive at the same time, then delays of nothing at all. 
The seafood was not worth the up charge. Some of the worst seafood. I'd rather "Go Fish" at Long John's Silvers.  It's sold as all you can eat, which is all you can eat if they actually get it served to you, and if they ever bring you more than the first plate. 
It was a busy night but waiter could have been more attentive since our party was of 10. A 20% gratuity was applied to our bill. which he in no way deserved. One meat server was very helpful, and offered to get us the cuts we wanted. 
In all the meats are a 4 star but the seafood is a 2 star and everything else lacks and drastically drops the rating. I will not be returning. There are a lot of Brazilian steakhouses in Las Vegas that I would much rather frequent.
I was very happy with Pampas. I've only been there for lunch, not dinner. The service was a little laid back, but my friend who was born in Brazil said its more of an authentic dining experience. It's not as rushed and fast paced as we are used to. Anyways our servers (both times) we're attentive and polite. The salad bar was really nice. Meats, Feta Cheese, Rice, Mashed Potatoes we're some of the things i had. Everything was good. The meat was great! The Sirloin, Bacon wrapped Turker and Sausage we're outstanding. I will be returning for sure. 

Just a note. The first time i went there with a groupon, The second Tix4Tonight and they we're not rude about it.
Brazilian Bouillabaisse is fresh lobster, shrimp, fresh fish, and mussels in a seafood broth with fresh tomato sauce, coconut milk, cilantro, and served over pasta. The portion is HUGE! It has a robust tomato-enriched flavor that is expected from a bouillabaisse but with an added creaminess from the coconut milk. It sort of reminded me of Thai coconut curry but lighter. It is luxurious! The seafood, scallops, mussels, shrimp, lobster tail are cooked to perfection - sweet, juicy, and succulent. The linguine is a great way to enjoy any of the left over sauce. You don't want to waste it. Thumbs up, way up!

Grilled Salmon Sandwich is Pacific salmon grilled with sweet and sour malagueta pepper sauce atop garlic cheese bread with your choice of Caesar salad, steamed rice, or French fries. Wow! This is the best salmon sandwich ever! The salmon is a thick fillet grilled to perfection. The cheese is melty and gooey. The hearty baguette holds up well and adds a slight sourdough flavor. The malagueta peppers are the perfect heat for this - slightly spicy with some sweetness giving it a great flavor without scorching your taste buds. Thumbs up, way up!
This place is WAY overpriced and is a disgrace to all Brazilian Restaurants! We had a coupon on restaurant.com to knock off 100$ and it still wouldnt make me want to eat this crap! DO NOT GO HERE!!

Go to Texas of Brazil!!

SAVE YOURSELF!
Stay away from this place !!!!
I visited vegas from NY, was walking through the mall and got a flyer for a suppossed deal for dinner here. 
Coupon listed an entree deal that is not even listed on their menu. 
On the coupon it says the meat dinner is usually $64 but with coupon is $32
When you get there, they pretend to be seeing the coupon for the first time. I paid attention to patrons after me with the same coupon and my same waitor each time looked at it, "let me see.... oh yes this is a special", they hand out the coupon right outside the place a few feet away. Everyone is bringing in the same coupon and each time he pretends to never have seen it.
On the menu the same meal is named something else and cost $34
So the coupon list a meal which they claimed isnt on the menu and they are giving you 50% off but its the same one listed on the menu for $2 more than the coupon price which claims 50% off.... 
When i brought it up, everyone was claiming its a different meal... i asked what was different about it... oh its not on the menu... yes it is, i got the meat dinner... thats the same meal !!!!!!!
where is this discount your claiming on this coupon your handing everyone?
My wife got the more expensive dinner which inludes Surf and Turf... Their surf is just shrimp and scallops... thats all they offer... 
I have been to plenty Brazillian places in NY and this place holds no weight !!!!!
The food is lame !!!!
Came here to celebrate my aunt's retirement while we were all on vacation together.

Initially made a reservation for 6 pm, but the family wanted to dine earlier, and they accommodated the last minute change of reservation. Thumbs up!

Had a restaurant.com certificate and they were gracious in taking it without skimping on the food or providing lackluster service. The servers were attentive to our entire party and they listened to any requests from the family on which cuts they wanted to be brought out. Family favorites were the Picanha (sirloin), the Bacon wrapped Turkey, Salmon, and the grilled pineapple.

Not sure what the age cut off is, but my daughter is 5 and she ate for free =)
Service was very good. Our waitress was nice and stopped by a lot. The meat skewers came fast and furious. Problem was, the meat was not that great and the "salad" bar was okay, but nothing special.
We got a coupon that would get us lunch for only $14.99 (each) inclusive of endless side dish bar and meat.  The coupon stated that it will be valid if we purchase the lunch with an order of fountain drinks.  We went ahead since we were all craving for Brazilian food.

The results?  It was a good deal and we liked everything from the side dishes to the meat they served.  I would not mind making a visit to this restaurant the next time I come to Vegas.
I was not impressed AT ALL!! We received vouchers and as soon as the waiter saw them he immediately took the menu's away as if we weren't good enough to choose our own food. 
When the meat finally came around it was cold and it didn't taste very good either....out of 10 options we only had 4 and just gave up and left. there wasn't much to the "buffet" and when the waiter finally brought the check it didn't have the coupons on it! will probably never try one again
Not bad if it's ur first at a churrascaria.. But it's a complete disappointment if u've been to via brazil or Texas de brazil. =(

We were greeted by a host that hates her job and was served by an apologetic server that "couldn't force" her co-workers to bring the meat out faster... If ur used to an abundance of meat in places like this... Well.. Ur not getting it.
Went for happy hour, and fell in love with the steamed mussels appetizer. So.good. All the food ordered looked delicious, and the prices were extremely reasonable considering the quality, I'm still dreaming of the food!
Don't waste your money. Food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and at $40-$50 a person not worth it. Meat was tough and tasteless. Salad/side bar was nice, but again nothing memorable. Honestly, I've had this good of food at golden coral.
Truly one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  I do not recommend trying this restaurant.  We had a group of 10, with a reservation, and they tried to give us a very small and cramped bar table.  We could have walked off the street and gotten this table.  Second, they made us wait an hour past our reservation.  Third we were told we had to get a bar table because reservations were going to filled an hour and 1/2 after our reservation time (this is not a typing mistake, does not make any sense, the manager argued it did make sense).  We would have been out of the restaurant by the time of this reservation, if we had been sat on time.  When we finally got our table they were slow to deliver the meat that is supposed to be endless and come at us overwhelmingly fast.  We did not get the barrage of meat they promised. We felt the restaurant wanted us to fill up on their salad bar.   After telling us we were supposed to wait for another reservation, one really large table, in the same room, remained empty all night.  A bad experience all around.  On top of all that we bought a Groupon but they hand better coupons in the mall.  This made the Groupon pointless and a real waste of money.
If a "showgirl" in the mall outside gives you a coupon.....throw it at her and run!  You are about to get screwed!   They double the price of the meal, give you half off, then the server adds his gratuity based on the inflated ""doubled"  price.    Shameless rip off.
I haven't used yelp in a year but I came on just to give it one star. That's how bad it is.
As bad as a churrascaria can get. Apparently the only way they get people in the door is by discounting their lunches and dinners through vouchers/groupon.  I feel truly sorry for anyone paying full price. I paid half price, and was still mad when I left.

The salad bar is uninspired and bland. 

I went for surf & turf lunch. They have one beef based meat to choose from, then lots of cheaper cuts filling in the rest of the rotation. I felt sorry for the "roasted ham" guy, going from table to table, begging people to take a slice of ham from him.  The chicken was tasteless, the bacon wrapped turkey had soggy bacon.  The actual steak tasted ok, but the fat in the cut had not been rendered down, resulting in a really chewy mess.

The "surf" part of the meal was a disaster.  The salmon was old and fishy. The tilapia was not cooked through.  The shrimp was rubbery.  I do have to say the bacon wrapped scallops weren't terrible. The plate went almost entirely untouched.

It was difficult to get my water refilled.  For lunch, they had us sit in a section of the restaurant as far away from the salad bar as possible, resulting in many pilgrimages across the empty restaurant for the deep fried bananas (the best thing on the salad bar).

I am surprised that such a poorly run restaurant is still operating. I am sure they prey on tourists who they can burn. Las Vegas locals shouldn't be caught dead in the joint.
Save your money. I got a deal 2 people for $30 and I still felt like it was a waste of money.
Definitely on the schedule for every future trip to Vegas. Worth every penny. Salad bar was huge, fresh and delicious. Has everything from pasta to mashed potatoes, from boccoccini  salad to veggie tempura! Everything was awesome!

Then there's the meat *drool* so much meat... The pork tenderloin was cooked to perfection, the prawns were buttery goodness, the chicken was moist and flavorful. The sirloin was rare but could be cut with a butter knife! Yummmmm!

Not only was the food awesome, the staff was very good. They were attentive, fast and came around often enough to make you full but not annoyed. Highly recommended!

Just make sure you bring your wallet and your appetite. Expensive, around $28/pp for lunch (i think its $40+ for dinner?) but very, very good.

The only thing that would make this place any better is free WiFi. Then I would never leave! Hint hint, Pampas...
Had a quite yummy lunch here - thanks to a Groupon. $28 for surf n' turf lunch for 2 - 1/2 of the normal price. I don't eat seafood, so there was a bit of a waste there. I have only been to one Rodizio style restaurant before so I was expecting the seafood to come around just as the meat does (and be able to turn it down). It actually comes out separately on a plate (with 4 types of seafood) and they won't take it back or let you take it home...but that's really besides the point. The salad bar was very good in my opinion - cold salads, hot pasta and rice, soups, cheese biscuits, and more. I thought all of the meat was delicious as well, especially the bacon wrapped turkey. They also offer lunch for $20 without the seafood, which I would gladly go back and pay full price for. I think the prices might go up at dinner time, but I can't really imagine what more they can offer, so I would say stick with lunch.
Had breakfast here. Not good at all. And we were charged $7 for the water we didn't even want. Never tried their dinner. Tired staff.
ok so steer clear of this place! 1st of all I've eaten there twice before coupls years ago and it was decent enough for my husband and I to decide to buy a "voucher" from tix tonight for a 1/2 price dinner. The tix tonight guy made us a "reservation" and when we showed up they said they would seat us in a few minutes. While sitting there waiting to be seated multiple people kept walking in and getting seatede right away. The only other people left waiting for a table was a group of 6 guys that also checked in with the voucher. Hmmmm.... so we were getting shafted for having a voucher?  So we wait around another 15 mins and finally with an attitude we get called. This is where is gets better low and behold they seat us in the very very back corner far away from where anyone with their little beef skewers are and from the buffet! Then we see them seat the 6 guys right next to us! When we asked to be in the main dining room the hostess said it would be another 20 mins!

We decided to up and leave and as we left noticied several open tables in the main dining room! This place is a rip off and with so many other options you would think they would get it together! 

Stay away!
I went here with my gf a year ago and loved it so much I decided to come again and take my parents with us.  We got the tix for tonight which saved us about 13 bucks a plate.  This is the only Brazilian place that I have been to that has fried bananas so for a whole year, I have been craving that and they were as good as I remembered them to be.  
As far as the meat portion of the dinner, it was great.  I tried everything once, and some twice, and some about 8 times.  If they would of let me, I would of just had them give me the whole pineapple in the beginning to save them all the trips back to me.  I really loved the sirloin steak, it was cooked perfectly to where it melted in your mouth.  
I thought the service was great.  Our server Dave, who we had the first time was fantastic and very personable.  I can't wait to go back and have more of their fried bananas.
I bought a groupon for this a while back, and it's definitely worth the groupon price.  They had some pretty decent shark and salmon fillets, sausages, sirloin steaks.  It wasn't TO DIE for, and I don't know if I would pay 55 a person, but the groupon price was definitely worth it.
I'm a bit spoiled here, I must admit, because I have been to several top notch rodizios (Fogo de Chao, Texas de Brazil, Boi na Braza and Nelore) - and Pampas really doesn't match up to those in food quality or variety of offerings.  I think if I had never been to a rodizio before I'd have been somewhat impressed, as the picanha was pretty decent and the seafood that came with the surf & turf was surprisingly decent.  But, most of the meat was a bit dry, except the picanha and the bacon wrapped chicken.  The ham was VERY salty.  The sausage was actually fairly overwhelming by itself, but probably would have been fine as small slices in an italian dish.

The salad bar had a decent amount of coated salad type dishes and standards but nothing I had was really exciting.  They serve the ubiquitous rodizio cheese bread as part of the salad bar instead of fresh at your table, and fried bananas instead of cinnamon plantains are on the bar as well.  

One thing I will give them top marks for is the service - our waiter was super nice and attentive, in fact there was a slight mixup (not their fault) that they handled very graciously.  I had booked my reservation for 11 but didn't realize the rodizio didn't start until 11:30.  We ordered a couple cokes and were going to wait, but my honey wanted to just leave and come back.  So when I offered to pay for the cokes and explained we'd come back later, our waiter said not to worry about it, but just come back and see him later.  So I tipped him pretty big for the cokes and then again when we came back on the full meal.

I am giving them a 3 overall, though honestly anyone who has been to Fogo or TdB is likely to grade them far more harshly in comparison.  If you get a discount to come here via Tix4Tonight or Groupon it becomes a much better value for your money, but it's still not really the best example of rodizio by a long shot.
Went there just this past Saturday and it was okay. I guess you get what you pay for. it was $20 per person for the meat rodizio at lunch and we thought it was worth a try. I've been to about four churrascarias and only two have really left me satisfied. This one was nothing in comparison but was okay. There was not much on the selection of meats.I think the selection was five or six. The salad bar was very weak and was not very appetizing. The feijoada was very thin and runny and should have had more black beans. the meat was also very salty and did not leave a good aftertaste. The food was okay but nothing to rave about.
My first experience w/Pampas was when they brought food to our office. All, I have to say is...the meat was dry and tasteless. My co-worker inform me of the differences between Pampas and Texas de Brazil is that Pampas offer a choice of all you can eat meat and seafood. Seafood include fish and shrimp...NO lobster or Crab.

My company promote Pampas so I decided to give it another chance and see what it's all about. The service was not great, our server was not friendly, meat is NOTHING compare to Texas de Brazil. You think the salad bar at Pampas has a huge selection...GO TO Texas de Brazil and compare for yourself. I haven't had lunch at Texas de Brazil but the dinner prices for both restaurant are similar. So I am NOT going to pay for the same price for a disappointing experience and tasteless meat at Pampas.
I came here for lunch and had the salad bar only because (a) I don't eat meat so don't really care on missing out on them bringing me big hunks of meat on a skewer and (b) it was close to where I was staying and I needed to grab lunch quickly and I knew everything at the salad bar was already prepared so I wouldn't even need to wait for people to make anything. There's a decent variety of things available and I was able to grab a quick bite and move on. Nothing spectacular but solid enough choices all around. I'll admit I liked the fried bananas although there was nothing special about them, of course you can practically fry anything and it will turn out tasty.
The salmon immediately sick got me really ill and I looked like a mad man after I ran to the bathroom. The meat selection is poor and service is the WORST! Avoid this place not worth your time and money. It wasn't even worth my groupon. 

I explained to the GM that the meat and seafood selection was really poor and rather than assuring me that he would work on fixing that issue he offered me a half off coupon. I didn't want anything, not even a free meal, I am very adamant about not eating here ever again, I can assure you that you would be better off spending another ten dollars and going to texas de brazil and getting your moneys worth. 

So overall: Tourist Trap. Disgusting Sick, Sick, LITERALLY SICK Food. Poor Service. Just Don't.
We went here for the steak and egg breakfast two days in a row and it was really good. Its no Fogo de Chao, but it was pretty good. We will have to try the lunch or dinner next time.
If I could give this place less than a star, I would. This was hands down one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. 

Walking in, we were greeted right away, and sat right away. After being seated, we had to wait about 15 minutes until we were even looked at by anyone. Finally, we were approached by our waiter, who said he would be with us in a few minutes. What?! The fifteen minute wait wasn't bad enough? 

When he finally came bakc ,we ordered our drinks. We all got alcoholic drinks - and I also asked for some tap water to go alone with my meal. Upon returning, he brought back water in a glass bottle. Now, I've been to restaurants before, where they put their tap water in glass bottles to make it look more fancy - so I thought that's what this restaurant did too. WRONG. 

After seeing a couple tables next to us, with just regular cups of water, we flagged down our waiter to ask if this was the TAP water we had asked for. He said no, and that they charged for each bottle. We asked how much it was for each bottle, and he said he didn't know and would go find out. There were two things wrong with this situation:
     1. How the hell do you not know how much a bottle of water costs? As a server, you should know your menu inside and out. 
      2. It took him fifteen minutes to get back to us with a price, which meant we went fifteen minutes without anything to drink, because we had all finished our drinks as well as the water. 

0 stars for service. 

As for the food, bleh. Everything was salty and overcooked. They came by our table at least fifteen times with sausage, but we were only offered their beef items a few times. As for their salad bar, they had a lot of choices, but none of them really worth while. I will say that their chimichurri sauce was pretty good. Actually, it was the highlight of the meal. It was the only thing that was actually good. 

I would never set foot in this place again. HORRIBLE service, and sub par food. You are better off going to Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil.
The service at this place was descent.  the food was not very good.  The meat was hard and over cooked.   I must admit my wife and I are spoiled becouse we have eaten at other brazilian steakhouses so we had a very good point of reference.   During our meal a photographer interrupted our conversation to take our picture and then tried selling it to us  for 40 dollars after our meal....very rude to say the least.  Never again and I do not recommend it to anyone.  I thought about giving this place 3 stars but what you get for the price hardly merits it.
I had a great lunch here.  It's basically the same cost as a good buffet, with less variety - so if you want pasta and sushi go elsewhere.  That said, the parade of meats was fantastic.  I tried everything they were serving at lunchtime on the basic meat menu (i.e. no seafood, and the dinner menu is more extensive) and there wasn't anything I didn't like.  

The high proportion of pork products was also welcome, as it was Vegas and I was incredibly hungover.  If you didn't know salty fatty meats are the best thing for a hangover (besides a bloody mary) you're welcome!

The following is what I think I had, though there may have been one or two other items I forgot about:

Roasted Chicken - tasty
Sirloin - a bit dry
Tri Tip - also a bit dry, but tasty nonetheless
Sausage - yumm
Bacon-wrapped turkey - more please!
Chinese pork - just leave the whole skewer
Ham - my hangover demands MORE!!

I ate WAY too much, but I guess that's the point.  If memory serves, I didn't eat again until something like 11 hrs later, and I wasn't even really hungry - just thought I should eat before the drinking started.
My definition of  "hassled": Saying no more than twice and then being asked again.
I went with my family and had the following experience:
Hassled to take a picture so they could charge us to buy it.
Hassled to buy bottled water for our table instead of bringing tab water as asked.
Hassled to buy a drink that they bring to your table, they ask you to try without informing you of the price - made it seem it was for free. I had to ask three times before I was told the price. Shame on them. 
They charge half price and then try to hassle you into buying other over-priced items.
Shame on them - the worse part is after you say no they keep asking to the point you get anger and annoyed.  Shame on them
My brother had a gift certificate here, which is why we came. The inside of the restaurant definitely has a nice feel to it, almost like Middle Eastern even though this is a Brazilian restaurant. The salad bar was kind 'meh' only like a half step above somewhere like Cici's, but I highly recommend the  fried banana and cheese bread both were delicious! The meats that I enjoyed the most were the bacon wrapped chicken (but what doesn't taste good with bacon?) and the tenderloin, on nom nom! Don't waste your stomach space trying the other meats because those are the only ones worth tasting. The desserts are spectacular, I had the tiramisu and had a piece of my cousin's cheesecake both were super delish.
Being the carnivore that I am....you would think this place would automatically get at least three stars from me...but there is definitely a problem when I prefer the salad bar over the meat offerings.  I went here for a wedding reception, and we were offered the basic meat menu of chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, sirloin, tri tip, chinese BBQ style pork, pork sausage, ham....and grilled pineapple.  Unfortunately, the pineapple was the highlight of their grilled goods.  The bacon wrapped chicken was moist, but nothing special.  The chicken without the bacon was flavorless, as was the sirloin and tri tip.  The chinese BBQ style pork had a nice sweet flavor with a hint of five spice, but again nothing that special.  Overall, if you are going to pay the regular price for this menu, it's better to take your money over to Fogo de Chao or Texas de Brazil....they have more meat options with more flavor as well.  The salad bar is also much more limited than the other brazilian churrascarias in town....the bananas are lack luster in that they are really just bananas with a crunchy coat on the outside.  The highlight of the salad bar was the chinese broccoli and the roasted mushrooms.  Everything else seemed like cafeteria food to me.  I wouldn't go here even if I did have a restaurant.com or groupon coupon....
By far the worst restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life! Food was served cold, terrible service, and the waitress took her tip off of the table while I was still sitting there with my friend. DO NOT EAT HERE! If your hungry, just go to Koi-you will spend the same amount of money for amazing food!
Went for lunch. We got a 2 tixfordinner deal for $6...that would make our lunchs $12.95...but reg lunch was $14.95....but then as I calculated it only saved us $2? sad.......

the salad bar wasn't that good, it had soups, salads, breads, I didn't care to fill up on because I was saving my stomach for meat.

when it came out, it was chicken, chicken wrapped in bacon, pork, some tough beef...and i think that was it, some other combinations of pork..basically all the inexpensive meats. i only enjoyed this tender beef one, don't remember what it was called. but compared to Chama Guacha, Foco de Chao, Texas de Brazil...this was a baby....but for $12 it was decent.

Don't be surprised if youre used to the high end brazillian steakhouses and you come here. It's def cheaper but decent if you don't want to break your wallet. 

I know dinner selections in meat are more, lunch you get half the meats, if i came during dinner I wonder if I would of changed my mind...oh well.
Awesome churrascaria - service was on point - server made sure that I tried everything!
I had only been to two other Churrascarias in my life and this one totally blows the other two out of the water.  I think the best meats were the shark, salmon,  bacon-wrapped sirloin, the tri tip, and the ham.  They also did a grilled pineapple off the skewer and it was pretty awesome. As for the available sides....the mushroom risotto was very very tasty.  I liked the cheese bread as well.  There was a whole bunch of salad options, but hey, I'm at a churrascaria... I was in "meat" mode.  I bypassed the greenery that day.  I know, shame on me.  I did get a sampling of their asian noodle salad, which I liked.  It was about $50 for all you can eat meat/seafood.  Soooo worth it.  I will definitely be back whenever Im in the area.
My wife and I were looking for a nice dinner for our anniversary. Thanks to a very personable front desk, we were coaxed in and had one of the most delicious meals we've ever had!  Our waiter, Constantine, sat us quickly and we were offered several options for drinks.
The salad bar was fabulous, the meat came fast and furiously, the cheese bread was to die for, and to top it off, after we could cram no more down our throats, we were given a chocolate mousse that was hands-down the best I have ever tasted! 
With a coupon and a little sweet talking we saved some money. Though the prices were still super high. This is definitely a rare occasion restaurant.
Friendly and good, but -1 for the cost
Came here for my friends Vegas wedding reception. Dinner was unlimited Surf and Turf, which is great since I can't deal with just all meat. Lots of option at the salad bar, noodles, greens, fruits, you name it. The meat kept coming, said NO to chicken and pork but sampled the beef, lamb, salmon, shrimp. The grilled pineapple tasted so good, a refreshing taste after the lamb. Pitchers of regular mojito, raspberry mojito and margarita kept coming as well. I said NO to dessert, I just couldn't anymore but YES to coffee and what a strong coffee it was.  I had a great time in the company of friends, excellent food and good service at this place. I just wish I had a bigger appetite to enjoy all the meat. :)

Highly recommended if you're into meat.
We went here on a dinner voucher for taking a timeshare tour. We had $100 to spend, so we both ordered the surf n turf option with the side dish bar. First of all, the side dish bar was my favorite part. I was especially excited to see a beet salad and many other vegetable and pasta options, plus the yummy cheese bread. I could easily make a great meal just on those things. The churrascaria meat service was interesting and mostly very good. The shrimp was terrible, but everything else was tasty and the waiters came around more often than necessary to make sure we kept eating. In all it was a nice experience, even nicer on someone else's dime.
If a dinosaur had class, he would eat at Pampas. This is a meat-eaters heaven. 

I've been to several Brazilian Churrascaria restaurants in Los Angeles. Whats not to love about all-you-can-eat BBQ? But I gotta tell ya, I wasn't too stoked with Pampas. To be honest, I thought everything was better in Vegas. I mean, don't get me wrong, the place was very classy, the food was good, and the service was impeccable. 

However, a couple things were a little heavy on the salt. Sometimes, salt brings out the flavor in dark meat. But salty chicken? Umm . .  no thanks. Am I being a picky bastard? Its possible. I'm actually just comparing them to the Brazilian restaurants I've had here in Los Angeles. 

Overall, I really liked the place. I would definitely go back.
The is the only churascaria that I know of that has a surf and turf options.  Other places just have the turf like Fogo and Texas de Brazil.  So I was looking forward to it.  Anywho, some of the meats were really good, like their house special and their filet.  They had a prosciutto wrapped scallop which I really liked as well.  But everything else is average compared to the competitors.  If they are going to charge the same prices as the other Brazilian steakhouses, they gotta kick it up a notch.  Everyone loves the cheese bread from Brazilian steakhouses, but this place's, like a lot of the other items, are just nothing to write home about!
I came here for the $5.95 "steak" and eggs breakfast. The steak was grizzled, and overdone.poor quality. The banana bread was out of a is, and potatoes definitely tasted microwaved. The location is dreary too, at end of old Aladdin shopping area. 

Denny's is better.
Before Texas de Brazil and Fogo de Chao opened in Vegas, I'd go to this place a lot.  But before those two churrascarias even opened, I stopped going Pampas.

The food was ok.  I'd give it a 3 out of 5.  The location is great - inside Planet Hollywood.  Service is also ok.

The last time I went here in 2007, I had dinner for 2 for free.  What's my problem you ask?  Well, the only reason I didn't pay anything was because I saw not 1 but 2 roaches running around the restaurant floor.  Naaaastyyyyyyy!!!  From then on, I never set foot at Pampas.  I wouldn't go back even if they paid me.
Unbelievable. Bad service to start with, and they were not even busy. The buffet portion of the meal was sub-par at best. Avoid!
Busy place, as it's in the M Shops by Planet Hollywood. We arrived on a Thursday (w/reservations) 45 minutes early but they seated us after a 5 minute wait!  They seemed a bit short staffed, as we had to wait a while for a drink order from our waiter (thus part of the 4 stars), but other than that a pretty great meal food-wise.  

The husband and I both got the "meat parade," aka the salad bar + the traditional Brazillian meat-sliced-at-your-table bit. Good quality of salad bar, they even had choices for the GF types like myself, which was nice. Not a huge selection though, so if you like to pig out on side dishes this place might not be for you. GREAT quality of the meat-parade in terms deliciousness (they offered roast beef well AND medium rare!!), but I do wish there were more types of meat available.  I did eat until I was comfortably full though, and I did wish there was room for more.

Overall a great meal, though I thought it was prices a tad high. Next time I'm in Vegas I probably won't go back.
The food was awesome. The meats were overwhelming. The ambiance was fun. Definitely will return!
This review is based on the BREAKFAST service.

I understand breakfast probably isnt their specialty, but they advertise the steak and egg special, and brazilian coffee . I was in the area and needed something quick.

Understaffed, slow.. 15minutes for breakfast coffee ? 

Hostess was considerate  , kitchen staff were nice when delivering meal. However the waitstaff had poor attitudes and were non caring. Orderen a Bacon and egg breakfast. They forgot the bacon??? Really?

had to re-order bacon from the kitchen , it took ten minutes for 2 strips of bacon

better service  at Dennys for Bfast
Tried this place with a groupon, which ended up being a pretty decent deal. I can't say the same for paying full price here, but to each his own I suppose. I've been to a few different brazillian steakhouses so this was by no means a unique experience, but it was a mostly pleasant one.

The interior is fairly well decorated, and the location is convenient-- right in the middle of the M shops. Great if you are planning on shopping afterwords, or if like me, you just like the atmosphere and are too cheap to shop at stores like these. The staff was accommodating and seated us without incident.

The salad items aren't bad but some are better than others. The tortellini is ok, the olives are tasty, the artichoke is a nice touch, but the garbanzo salad had a pretty weird flavor. It was just the end of happy hour so I was happy to have a Stella Artois for 3.50.

Then of course there's the actual meat. The kobe fish was different and well seasoned but a bit dry. The shrimp didn't taste much different from any shrimp I've had elsewhere-- I honestly prefer the stuff you can get at Cajun themed restaurants. 

There was some "spicy chicken" but it didn't seem particularly spicy to me-- although it was delicate and fell easily off the skewer. Most of the meat servers are pretty friendly and will likely give you a double portion of meat if you let them know you really like what they're serving. The lamb was delicate and cooked to a perfect medium rare. It came with a sweet and tangy balsamic sauce that complimented it well. The garlic sirloin was solid, but the seasoned sirloin came out pretty dry and appeared to have been cooked well done. The tri-tip was delectably juicy ( I happen to be a huge fan of tri-tip) but the top sirloin was rather dry. 

When the bill came and it was obvious how much we had saved with the groupon, we had no gripes. However, I don't think I would have been as pleased if we had paid full price for the food. The quality of the cuts seems up to par but too many of their offerings were overcooked, and I just wasn't that blown away by the quality here. This place is no Fogo de Chao, but if you have a groupon or other discount deal, it's not a waste of your time to try them out. You'll be stuffed and fairly satisfied with what you get.
I have experienced this experience before at a different restaurant in a different city. My wife and I used a Groupon on this occaison which gave us over 50% off. We received 2 appetizers, 2 meals, 2 salads, 2 deserts and a bottle of wine.  The food was very good and service was decent.  For the price we paid, it was a good experience.  However, I would not be saying the same thing if it would have been full price.
Sadly, I see why they got such a poor rating for something on the strip.  

I came here with a group from school and they gave us deal..  I came a little late, but it is all you can eat so I wouldn't miss much.  The selection of meats they had were pretty limited compared to the other places I have been to.  I stayed away from the chicken, only because most of the party said that it was "dry".  Of course I load up on the bacon wrap chicken and sausages.  That was probably one of the alright item to eat.  I am sadden to say that the signature meat was over cooked and also dry.  Then I gave it another try when the gentlemen came out with a new batch, much better.  I would probably say that the grill master in the back needs to be more attentive to the meat they are cooking.  The salad bar was impressive with a huge selection of things to go along with the meat.  I like the fried bananas; probably the one thing I grabbed a plate of. The group seem to enjoyed the pineapple they had, but I had one and passed after.  They just grilled the pineapple up and there wasn't anything special about it.  The other place I have been to had a pineapple grilled with cinnimon and sugar which made it sweet.  Here it was sour.

The service was wonderful up until when we started to slow down and they all vanished.  My cup was empty and was wondering if any other meats were going to make their way back out.  My group was done so I didn't want to be the only one left sitting and eating so I decided to leave as well. 

Overrall, I don't think I will come back.  For the price, I rather hit up a buffet.
I came here for lunch as part of an event that was put on and thanks to the service, had a really fun time.  Our server was really great, and she handled a party of 13 flawlessly.  Our drinks were always filled, plates got cleared in a timely manner, and she was there to get the carvers for us when we wanted something.

The food itself was fine, but nothing special in my opinion.  The chicken and sausage were my favorite meats, and thankfully the chicken was moist and not dried out like it can get sometimes.  The beef dishes were ok, but I found the meat to sometimes be tough or chewy, which is surprising considering how it's cooked.  Overall, a perfectly pleasant meal, and thank you to Pampas for hosting the party.
Great place!  Especially before a long night (EDC)  Great sangria,  awesome food
Had luch here with a group of 40. Service was able to handle it no problem. Salad bar was great and fresh. Every Piece of meat was tender and it just kept coming!!! Can't wait to go back for more.
Based on previous reviews I wasn't expecting too much from this place, but it is actually quite good- especially for the price of the lunch special!

The salad bar is generous, I highly recommend the little cheese breads as well as the mashed potatoes- they were delicious.

There is a lot of meat to review so I will note the standouts:

The bacon wrapped chicken- it was juicy and flavorful and tasty overall
.
The sirloin- you can select how rare you went it right off the sword- it was tender and the seasonings were great.

The barbequed pork- Okay, I'm am genuinely not a fan of pork (with the exception of the occasional bacon added or wrapped item or holiday ham) but this was probably the best thing there. It was DELICIOUS- savory, sweet and juicy, I couldn't believe it. Even if you do not like pork or ham you have to try it!

The service was attentive and quick, my glass was rarely empty and there was always someone ready to serve up some meat. Good place for lunch and groups.
The restaurant looks really nice and impressive. I came with a group from my class and we got to enjoy different kinds of food like a buffet. I really love the food and I would like to come again.
the chicken with bacon is my favorite. very rich flavor and the sausage is good too. 
salad bar is available if you want a break from all the meat. melons are fresh and sweet. like the place. definitely recommended!!!
The food here was so good, so was the service. We had a coupon for buy one surf and turf and get one free, that's almost a $50.00 savings. My favorites were the salmon, bacon wrapped scallops and the mushrooms, but really everything was great. We will be going back next time in Vegas.
Service was really good, so we'll start with that, our waiter was really attentive/friendly/and talkative.

I made a reservation and we showed up 10 mins early. So we had to wait. Off to the bar we go, where I ordered a cocktail and watched some football. We waited about 15 more mins, then we were 'accepted' to sit on the waiting seats behind the hostess stand. Great.

Sat down and went to the salad bar, which was pretty good, but not as extensive as I've seen at other churrascarias/ all you can eat meat buffets.  The seafood pasta in the cream sauce was my favorite.  The only sauces available here were 2 kinds of Chimmichurri, no horseradish creme sauce or regular horseradish which I typically enjoy with my steak. Only green I saw was Kale and that was actually pretty tasty. 

The guys cutting the meat did not smile. In fact, I don't think one of them cracked a smile the whole time, they definitely need to be more friendly.  They looked like they were in pain each time they came over and would rather be hanging themselves than working.

I also never saw Lamb. I looked and looked for it, but it never showed up. bah bah lamb.  I think they only have 1/2 of the options they tell you they do.  The most memorable items were:  the bacon wrapped scallops, grilled shrimp, and the roasted crispy chicken.  The steak for me was Outback at best and again I did not see as many options as I thought there should be.  The trout and other mystery white fish should be avoided.

No dessert options either or at least a little something sweet to eat would've been nice. 

AND it's pricey. If you are going to spend $120-$150 for a dinner for 2 people in Vegas, especially for a steak, this place is not what you are looking for [see my steak list for Vegas].

Ever popular: Would I go back?  No I don't think so unless someone else had a coupon and was paying
This is my first time to a Brazilian steakhouse so I can't make any comparisons.  The most impressive thing was the introduction of  the caipirinha to me.  Had a few there they were so good.  You have to be a carnivore to appreciate this place.  If you aren't you're wasting your time.  The meats were done to perfection.  As much as I like meat though I don't think I'll be revisiting a Brazilian steakhouse anytime soon.  I was impressed how consistently the meats were cooked.
Carnivore Heaven! Very yummy pork tenderloin. We had the version of the smorg. 

Great Service! Friendly staff. 

Excellent salad bar - Fresh, Fresh, Fresh

Wifi would be a nice addition to this place but I will go back for the food
My husband and I went to Pampas last night for dinner and had a wonderful experience! The customer service was superb. As soon as we sat down, we were greeted by our server, Marco. The food began arriving at our table immediately. All of the food servers were very friendly. The meats and seafood were absolutely delicious. In addition, the salad bar had a wide variety of different options and was very colorful. Jack, the restaurant manager, came to our table to see how we were enjoying our meal, and we were very impressed with his level of customer service. We give Pampas our highest recommendation!
On a side note, we found a Groupon coupon for Pampas- buy one, get one ultimate Surf and Turf dinner. We saved approximately $50 on our meal. In addition to the Surf and Turf, we received one appetizer and dessert. We ordered the ceviche, which was made with coconut milk and was outstanding! We ordered the tiramisu for dessert, and found room for it even though we were stuffed. 
What a great experience we had at Pampas! We'll definitely return.
All you can eat meat on Groupon? Sold. My favorite cuts were the sirloin and the pork. Very good service and we felt we got a good deal. I was a little disappointed to find out it's located on the strip, but we came out on a Saturday and had no trouble finding the place. They let us request what we wanted brought out to us and we got everything we wanted. The tiramisu was really good too.
all I remember was I was STUFFED!!!

Lots of different meats to try!

Everyone should at least try a brazillian steakhouse once in their lifetime. 
Research and see whats the best one in the area. I can't say, bcuz this is the only one I tried.  I heard ESPETUS in San Francisco is the best.
My fella insisted on getting the Groupon for this place. I had been before and was reluctant because I hadn't been that impressed with on my prior visit and I also didn't want to have another AYCE adventure to contend with.

We came here on a Saturday afternoon at lunch and the restaurant was not crowded at all. We were greeted warmly and taken to our table. Our server approached us quickly for our drink orders and gave us a rundown of the layout of the restaurant and all their offerings. We quickly headed to the salad bar while our waiter went to get our drinks. The salad offerings were slim. There weren't a lot of fresh veggies, but I enjoyed the mashed potatoes and kale, although it lacked a little flavor. 

On to the meat. The servers came out regularly and our server made sure that all the meats we wanted made their way out of the kitchen to us. I enjoyed that personal touch quite a bit. The meats were pretty good. My favorites were the pork, sausage and my fella really enjoyed the sirloin. I found it to be quite good as well. There wasn't as much selection as other Brazillian steakhouses we've been to, but the food was pretty good and we had an excellent meal. 

I would have given this place 3 stars for food, but I rounded up based on the great service we received. Our server was friendly and incredibly attentive. He never let the ball drop despite having to man the entire restaurant himself.
In a word: Yuck.  

Got a Groupon for this place (Lunch for 2 for $28, I think?). Was hesitant after reading some extremely mixed reviews but figured, why not?

We came for lunch on Black Friday around 1:30, without a reservation, and though the restaurant was only about half full we had to wait for 10-15 minutes before being seated.  Our server, Kelly?, introduced herself and seemed nice enough, but seemed to forget about us throughout the rest of the meal and our bill was ALL sorts of messed up! She tried to charge to charge me TWICE for a $10 drink (Honey, I had one, it was disgusting, it took 20 minutes for you to bring it to me in the first place...and I wonder how many other 'drunk' customers you tried to pull that crap on).

Additionally, there was some sort of $18 additional fee for using the Groupon...wait what?! ....so in reality, it was $28 + the $18 fee the restaurant charges...oh yeah, and water (flat OR sparkling) is $6 a bottle...so bare minimum, lunch actually came to $58 plus tax and tip...and believe me that did not in any way reflect the quality of the meal.

Yeah, it was a 'surf & turf' all you can eat kind a thing, but Eeeeeesh, gross me out! The salad bar reminded me of the kind of $10 buffet you find in one of the area discount  casino/hotels, and I would say 9 out of 10 of the cuts of meat that were brought to the table were either grossly overcooked or raw. Plus, they brought around the bacon wrapped chicken, and some sort of sausage thing (read: the cheap stuff!) to the table at least 3-4 times each, but only ONCE, in the entire hour and half, brought around Picanha (steak)...and the slab they cut off for us was still bleeding.

Ugh, could not get out of there fast enough.  Will NEVER be back.
First time for everyone in our party at this restaurant, used the Groupon for the surf n turf lunch.

Service
Horrible service, unwilling to cater to their customers - We asked for the store manager, and a chef who claimed to be the manager came out and explained to our party that Pampas Churrascaria does not care for their customers and their loyalty. Also, they don't really welcome Groupon users, especially the ones, he stated, that come weekly apparently. The restaurant was nearly empty at the time we went since it was a weekday, yet we were rudely dismissed by one of the passing servers after being seated. Thankfully, our designated server was welcoming and attentive... or maybe it seemed so compared to all the other employees we came across before finally being seated.

Food
Lunch meat choices are limited to dry chicken, dry&tough picanha, other dry beef choices, sausages & pork (the last two of which I did not try).
Seafood was okay. Seafood unlike the meats is ordered through the server, and surprisingly we did not have any problem at all. It included salmon, shark, scallops, and shrimp.
Salad bar had a small, but good variety of salads, pasta salads, soups, bread, etc. The pastas were dried up and looked like they had been sitting there for a good amount of time.

Ambiance
When I first stepped into the restaurant, I had a good feeling about the place. It is next to the Todai in the Miracle Mile Shops, good location, and decorated well as all or most restaurants on the strip are. The workers looked professional at first glance, and it looked like a nice dining place. My friend and I actually purchased another Groupon to come again while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. Mistake! I asked Groupon for a refund right after we left!

At such a reasonable price, we wanted to give the place a try, but what a disappointment. I would've given the place a second chance despite its horrible service; however, the food is just not worth it. You get what you paid for, maybe less with this place. Fogo de Chao all the way!
I made a bad mistake today, I let the wife decide where we were going for dinner. She picked a Brazilian Steakhouse.

Now I actually like the concept, lots of meats, cooked well, full of flavor...And way over priced....

I love meat, beef, pork, chicken, hell give me deep fried budgie (google it Americans) in garlic and I would be happy.

So I am left conflicted, lots of good meat...for a price that's lets face it folks, in Vegas you can get a very good steak for, i'm sorry, but when these restaurants started showing up in Vegas dinner was $25 -$30, now they are $50 and up...Seriously, look long and hard at what you are getting, they just don't make sense...But I let the wife pick dinner...

So, after a quick "no", "But you said I could pick" conversation she headed of to groupon, where she came across a deal for this place....Plus she had a credit with groupon that covered the cost...

Ok meat plus a meal I had already payed for..Works for me.

Service was good, seated quickly, waiter friendly, diet coke delivered quickly, though the refill took time to come...

But it's the food you want to know about....Well frankly, the meal was "free"...And I think we were charged to much.

The meats were dry, the fish were cooked to death, the shrimp tasteless.

The one saving grace was desert (yes we went to an all you can eat meat place and still wanted dessert, that should tell you something)...I had the tiramisu, the wife had the cheesecake, they were both very good.

In the end there are far better Brazilian steak houses in town.
For the $8 adder for seafood, I got two shrimp. Wifey received two shrimp and a bite of salmon. 

The salad bar was a mess...utensils sticky and food over spiced. 

Not a good experience at all. Loud environment and a shaky table. Felt like eating at Luby's. (Look up Luby's if you don't know what I mean.)
I was skeptical based on the reviews but I'm glad we went. The food is non stop and very good. Some meat wasn't as hot as others as they stopped at our table last but it wasn't cold. The salad bar is very good as well. I could have filled up on just the salad! A little pricy but that is to be expected when dining on the strip.
This place was simply amazing im every aspect. My girlfriend and I were in vegas for a wedding and luckily I was able to get a groupon (rodizio buffet for 2, $28). As opposed to some groupon establishments, they really attended to us like we were full paying customers.

We made reservations and were promptly seated within 10 minutes. The salad bar is amazing. Theres so much selection, but just the right amount. Theres a little something for everyone ! Soup, mashed potatoes, grilled veggies, salads, breads, and even some pasta and rice. 

Onto the meats, the bbq pork was sensational. Well done, yet moist and tender, just the right amount of seasoning and glaze. It was amazing. Prime rib and scallops were also amazing. Could not get enough of the shrimp ! The chicken and ham were okay, not bad but forgetable. 

The service was great. The cooks slicing the meats were very kind and had great sense of humor. Our waitress was amazing. She came at all the right times, and came by just enough. 

As we were leaving , I asked for the bill, and to my suprise ir was $1.40 , I waved our waitress over thinking this was an error, but it wasnt ! She decided to not charge us for 2 beers and an iced tea because our table was not ready at exactly oue reservation time !

I was in shock. And left a very generous tip.

All in all, it is on the pricier side, but the food and great service really justify it. I would come again , but next time go easy on the salad bar.
The service is really bad!!!!!!! We have waited for ten minutes to pay!
I'll start of by saying this is the first Brazilian BBQ place I have been to. 
The food, taste wise was excellent, although I was expecting more meats or selections. Their pork was excellent, as was the spicy chicken and roast pineapple, maybe something exotic even. The meat buffet includes the salad bar and the options were awesome. Lots of different options without being over bearing.
PS: check in with yelp and everyone that orders the meat buffet gets $5 off 
Try the fried bananas too!
The restaurant was 80% empty but they still made everyone wait for 30 minutes until sitting us. The meat was overly salty and by "choice" they really mean 6 cheapest meats they could find. The waitress was also a total b***. Was not an experience worth $50 for 3 people. Bleh!
We had a tourist coupon for the place.  We waited for 10 minutes for an empty place..didn't get the reason.  The servers were really slow at first and the meat was OK.  I've eaten at a few Brazilian steakhouses and  I have to say this place is not up to that level.  As time went by the service got better, the waiter was great but it just wasn't up to par with my past experiences.  It was OK but I wouldn't recommend it to friends as a "steakhouse"
My boyfriend and I dined at Pampas as part of a dinner + show deal. The dinner + show combo turned out to be fairly inexpensive so we did not set our expectations too high for a ritzy, fantastic dinner.

Pampas exceeded our expectations. We were impressed by the overall ambiance of the restaurant: it was dimly lit, clean, and not too noisy. The very friendly staff took wonderful care of us and we never were left waiting too long for meat to arrive at our table. The meat selection isn't expansive, but I enjoyed the choices they did offer. Not a huge meat eater by nature, I was impressed with the freshness and variety of salad offerings at their bar. The salad bar is also kept extremely clean, which was very comforting for me.

I'm not sure how much their regular dining options are normally, but from the reviews it looks like many patrons are finding deals. If you can get a good deal to try out this place like we did, it's definitely worth a shot!
Went in Dec. 2012 with my niece. I had a Groupon for lunch for two at Pampas that I purchased for Vegas vacation for my first-time experience at a Brazilian restaurant and filing up for the rest of the day; saving money on the cost of dinner.  Bottom line, Pampas was the worse place we went and place we ate. The service was horrible.  Either the food was overcooked (shrimp skin was stuck to the shrimp)or undercooked. Chicken and most of the beef items were undercooked or rare.  I was very sick after eating at the restaurant and instead going shopping on the strip, I ended up going to Walgreen's to get Pepto Bismol and then back to the hotel to sleep, after hurling up the food that I had eaten at Pampas. Shortly after I was hungry! Horrible Shortly after I was hungry! Horrible! Cold and loud where seated (inside mall patio area) too. Was near exit/entrance of mall doors and during Dec. visit it was too cold.  It was also loud because near DB pool hall. Never again!!!!
Plain and simple, this food was not great. Had a Groupon here for lunch. I think the only reason people go here is because it's in the mall at Planet Hollywood. Otherwise, if you have a car you should venture out to the restaurants at Rio or find a Texas de Brazil, or In-N-Out. any of those options would be better than here! This place has a very scant meat selection.

To start, we had to wait 15 minutes to get a table in the near-empty dining room. The gauchos who serve the meat were rude and instead of asking us to move our plates, they put their plates down and shoved ours around with the plate. They also mumbled and half the time I wasn't sure what exactly I was eating. And if you get the surf and turf option, they just plop all the seafood from the spear down on to your plate. And the shrimp is still in the shell, so you get to peel it.

The hostesses were very nice, which was one of the only redeeming things. The other was the cheese bread rolls--always tasty.
For an expensive restaurant, they sure serve crappy items on the salad bar.  Lucky for us, we got the groupon for the rodizio surf and turf lunch for two, so we didn't feel like we were robbed by the restaurant.

When we arrived, we let the host know that we have a reservation.  She then asked us to have a seat.  Waited for about 10 mins before we were seated.

Our waitress didn't come by often.  She was there to take our drink order, and returned to hand us our bill.

The staff with the meat do come by very often and for the surf, we each got a piece of scallop, shark, salmon, and shrimp.  The shark tasted...odd.  I am not a fan.

Our favorite item is the cheese bread po de queijo.  The third time I came back to get another 4 pieces, there was none left.  I asked one of the kitchen staff to bring out more since the basket is empty and 5 minutes later, he gave me a plate of fresh hot po de queijo...He is the awesome-est person there.

One star for the po de queijo.
One star for the awesome staff.

Pampas got nothing on Fogo.
I love pampas!

I decided to make reservations here for my BF's birthday, as it came recommended by many. As we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the host. She was nice and took us to our table right away. I've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, so I was really excited to try their unlimited meat rodizio and side salad bar. 

My favorite of the meat rodizio is hands down the top sirloin! It's soo delicious and I like my meat medium rare, it was perfection! All the other meat were good too, but that one stood out to me. There are so many options available, &  I really love the red/green side of the card so the servers know when to come or not to your table. 

The side salad bar has many options as well, ranging from; salads, salad toppings, veggies, mashed potatoes, salami and cheese! I couldn't help but go at least twice to the salad bar. Although, I didn't want to fill up too much on side items as the meat rodizio was unlimited. I wanted to make sure I tried everything including the chicken hearts. You just have to order it with your server because they don't walk around with the chicken hearts, must not be very popular? 

Food is nothing short of amazing. Service was great too, our server was very attentive. We both left full and happy. Come hungry, you'll want to get your moneys worth =P
The price of Pampas varies depending on what time you go and what you get.  You can order stand alone items off their cart, which I've never done before.  I've always tried their rodizio, specifically the meat rodizio.  If you order the meat rodizio, it's similar to an all-you-can eat, although it's not specified as one.  

Essentially, you have unlimited access to the salad bar.  The salad bar has plenty of options including every kind of  Brazilian salad under the sun, it seems.  My favorite is the artichoke heart salad.  They also have many appetizer items like cheese bread and fried bananas.  The fried bananas are definitely worth trying.  At your table, the waiters come around your table w/ cuts of meat cooked on a skewer and slice you as many pieces as you choose.  You get to sample steaks, tri-tips, bbq pork, chicken wrapped in bacon, grilled chicken pieces, and sausages.  The bbq pork is especially well marinated and tasty.  

I also love that Pampas purposely serves the steak to you rare to medium rare depending on the cut.  In effect, you can't say how you want your steak done -- they just serve it to you how they think you should have it, how it should be eaten.  As a foodie, I believe steak should be eaten rare to medium rare anyway (so you can discern the quality of the cut of meat), so I'm fine w/ that.  But all you ppl who do not know how to eat steak (i.e. you request it well done), don't select the steak option when it comes around.  Hahaha... sorry if I sound mean, but that's how Pampas does it. 

Regarding the price, I think it's significantly cheaper to have lunch there than dinner.  Lunch rodizio was only ~$20 per person but dinner was nearly $50 per person.  Granted, I've only had dinner at the Pampas in Palo Alto, CA and not at this one in Vegas, it is of note.  

Also, they have an awesome but limited dessert bar (for lunch at least).  The flan and cheesecake are pretty amazing.
Pampas was an EXCELLENT choice for our Christmas Dinner!! Our party of four purchased the Peep Show and Dinner special for Christmas 2012. The food was excellent, the flavor was right on, and the service was tremendous! 
Very nice salad bar selection and choice of drinks. It was our first experience with a Brazilian style dining and we were pleasantly surprised!

Our next trip to Vegas we would definitely make another stop-- you will not be disappointed!
Wow, the food and service at Pampas was so bad, I regretted coming here even though I used the Groupon "two for $28" voucher. If it wasn't for the voucher, I would have screamed bloody murder.

Anyway, coming here on weekend during lunch hour, we only saw a few tables occupied which we didn't think it was a good sign. But we went ahead and decided to give it a try before reaching any conclusion. After we were seated, I looked around and noticed nobody was really enjoying their food, and not a smile in sight (including the staff.) 

After we got salad and soup from the salad bar, we must have waited like 10 -15 min before two staff came out with skewers of meat. We were starving but the look of the meat didn't even look that good to us. The meat were cold, under seasoned, and very rare. And that was the way it was throughout the rest of lunch. At Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chaos, they always re-roasted the meat when they brought it back to the kitchen. At Pampas, they rarely (no punt intended) do that so all you got cold, under seasoned, under cooked meat. Funny thing we noticed that for a meat joint, most of the customers (including myself) kept requesting grilled shrimp because it was the only thing considered good to eat.

Now let's talk about service. Since this place is like dead, they kinda copied that feeling into their service. Even though the place wasn't crowded at all, it took the waitress a freaking long time to refill my soda. Everything we asked for something, it took her so long to get it even though she wasn't busy. How do I know she wasn't busy???? Well, because she would go back behind the bar counter, right in front my my view, to either count tips, put on make up, check and text somebody from her phone. Our waitress didn't come by often either, so you can imagined everything took a long time for them to bring it to us. Even though she wasn't rude and got what we asked for (eventually), the lack of care, service, and depressing environment just made everything worse.

For those that visit Vegas and think this Pampas is good, you gotta spend some taxi money (about $15)  and visit Fogo de Chaos or Texas de Brazil. The food quality that you get at either place will make the taxi fare worth it. Trust me :-)
If you love meat....this is the place to go. Whenever I come to las Vegas I stop here for dinner. Don't load up on the salad bar so you can have enough space for the 10-12 different types of meats they offer. I usually stay green for about an hour. 

I have noticed that the more expensive meats only come around once or twice.
I'll make this review simple. The sides get a 2 star review but the meat was fantastic!
The only reason I gave this place one star was for the cheese bread. It was delish!! And our waitress kept ckecking on us so that was good too. Everything else was not good. From the time you first walk in, the hostess is not very welcoming. I had to wait 10 minutes for a table even with a reservation. The salad bar was ok. By the time the meat finally came around, I was full from all the salad bar. It was 10 minutes before we finally got a piece of chicken. It took so long for each meat to get to our table. Texas de Brazil at town square is way better!!!!! I'd rather pay the $60 over there than come back to this place. Thumbs down. Save your money for something else
I've been to many brazilian steak houses with rodizio style service and was expecting to have a great experience (since this is Vegas of course). This was not the case. This was the first time I went to a Brazilian steakhouse and had a poor experience.

The meat: The main reason why we went here was to get our meat fix on! It was bad...i mean BAD. The quality of the meat was equivalent of the "T.G.I. Fridays of Brazilian Steakhouses". The meat quality was poor and although they offered the piccanha rare or more well done,  everything else was over cooked.  The seasoning on the meat was almost non existent. We were expecting the traditional salty goodness on the outside of the meat with the crusty outside of the meat, but it wasn't there at all. Just overcooked meat with no seasoning. To be honest, the meat even tasted old I kid you not. The brazilian sausage is something I really looked forward to (at other brazilian restaurants as well) and my fiancee and I looked at each other and both thought it was hill shire farms sausage. They say it was made in house on the menu, but seriously, they shouldve saved the time and just bought the hillshire farms sausage from the grocery store right next to where they got their salad bar items. 

The salad bar: I kid you not when I say this, but I felt like I walked into a grocery store salad bar. The fried bananas shouldn't really be deep fried with breading on it, its supposed to be in a pan with I assume butter and sugar. The bananas were breaded, but not only that, they were soggy and have definitely been sitting there a LONG time.  The cheese bread are also one of the big reasons why we go there! They were stale and dried out (also have been sitting there) you would assume it would have been fresh since dinner service had just started.  The soups were a disgrace as well. Chicken noodle soup and lentil soup? Really? I don't really know about the lentil soup, but chicken noodle doesn't scream Brazilian to me. Even their competitors Texas De Brazil have lobster bisque!  They even had eggrolls at the salad bar! WTF?! If I wanted egg rolls I wold have gone to a chinese restaurant.  This was unacceptable.

The Service: We waited maybe 5 minutes to be seated, so it wasn't bad. When we did get a table (there were many other tables open) we were pretty much stuck in the corner with no server for about 15 minutes. We were literally looking around to see if they forgot about us! The manager finally realized we were looking around and desperately tried to win us over, pushing the desserts and wine when we haven't even been given any other food or water for that matter. 10 more minutes pass (now 25 minutes after being seated) and our server comes up to us and literally says "HI my name is David, I will be your server. Please let me know if you need anything and go ahead to the salad bar" and then quickly walked away to tend to another table. 
I suppose I could add this to service, but there was a lady with a "drink cart" that was really pressuring us to get the Caipirinha, the Brazilian cocktail. When we said we had them before, she asked oh, you didn't like it? why not? I don't know lady! leave us alone! They really tried pushing alot of extra stuff on us, I suppose it is their job, but damn it made things awkward. The whole drink cart idea was tacky. 

The only "pro" I can honestly add to this was the $10 coupon they were handing out in front of the restaurant, but even with a combined $20 dollars off  for my fiancee and i, it still wasn't worth it at all.  I would genuinely say save your time and your money and go to Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao because even though they are a "chain" they know what they are doing service wise, and especially the food (meat!).  

I usually write about places that I love, but this restaurant really made me want to go home and warn people about the quality you will be getting. I've been to many brazilian steak houses but this was by far the worst.

Gordon Ramsay if you are reading this, please go to Pampas and tell them whats up!
Pretty good for the price. The buffet is definitely lacking, but considering that the price point is WAY under most B-BBQ's, it's decent. And the $5 yelp check-in discount was AWESOME!
What a shame! Use to come here often about 2 years ago. It was very good. I cannot believe it's the same place. The service is a joke. The food is terrible. You won't even recognize the cuts of meat based on experiences at other descent chirrascarias.
Within the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood there are probably 10 sit-down restaurant options - more so than your average LV casino/resort.  So with so many choices, we were a little disappointed in our choice on Saturday night. 

This was our first experience to the Brazilian steakhouse concept (think Fogo De Chao etc).  The main entree is an endless parade of skewers to your table where the meat, seafood, chicken is taken off the large skewer for you.  

At Pampas, the salad bar and sides were excellent although the area was small in size and thus crowded at times.  The salad bar is a square with no real beginning.  Thus, if it's crowded, jumping in somewhere was difficult. This was a Saturday, in Las Vegas, with a concert at the PH live venue. 

As for the main entree, the steaks were tough.  Really, really tough.  Flavorful, but very hard to chew.  The lamb was good, and the chicken also good.  However folks, the price of this meal is just under $40 pp.  In all, the food quality, although plentiful, was not good enough to warrant the price. 

Also, our waiter emphasized the value of getting a bottle of their house wine and we could take our unfinished portion anywhere in Vegas.  We are experienced travelers, restaurant goers etc and he caught us with our guard down.  We ordered the bottle half-way through our meal, in lieu of a second round of wine by the glass.  We do understand that a reasonably priced bottle is often a better value than wine by the glass, if the table is drinking the same (red v. white).   In this case, we made a mistake because we didn't finish the bottle as we were heading home the next evening.  We knew better but...still.  (It's like making that one extra bet at the casino where that tiny voice says no...but the larger, alcohol influenced part of the brain says go for it...and the result:  not so good!).
My girlfriends and I dined here as a last resort before our night out. Since we were very short on time, we told the server that we wouldn't be doing the all you can eat meat/seafood. When we asked him how big their appetizers were, he said that they were "very small" so some people in our group ordered several appetizers thinking they wouldn't be full with just one order. When the food arrived, we were a little upset because the appetizers were not small at all... they were the size of a regular entree!!! And trust me, we eat a lot so it's not like the serving was small and it overwhelmed us. The food was mediocre at best.... Lots of better dining options in Vegas.
On our recent "Eat Our Way Through Vegas" Tour, we were searching for a dinner spot, and because one of us was staying at Hilton's Elara - which is connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and he was given a "Take Care of My Crew" card by the concierge, we thought we'd give it a try.  I mean, come on, it's rodizio, right?

Well, in a fitting tale of "not all rodizio is created equal," we learned that - indeed - Pampas is no Rum Jungle (GOOD GAWD, I miss that place).

We had a reservation and didn't have to wait too too long.  Our waiter was a nice enough guy, but kinda felt like he was a banker or trader for a long time and had to take this gig to get a paycheck...it felt like he was partially checked out for most of the meal.

The sides/salad bar was OK...I am not a huge fan of filling up when there is meat to be had...but there I was eating Tortilla Soup, (lousy) peel and eat shrimp and (delicious) Asian Noodle Salad.

But we came for the meat...and I couldn't have been more disappointed.  What we loved about Rum Jungle is what we greatly disliked about this place.  The meats had no flavor.  Now I love a good steak...salt, pepper and a grill...no problem.  But here, I wanted marinated meats...I wanted spice rubbed meats...I wanted flavor...I wanted effort.

Adding to that was there really wasn't any in-between as far as "done" goes...rare or well...nothing else.  

The beefs were OK, the lamb was good, the chicken was too salty, the shrimp were disappointing, the scallops were a bit underdone...not what you expect for $40/pp.

And a last note...there were certain meats we saw over and over...and others we only saw once...bad balance...they need a better routine.

2 Stars and lucky to get the second.
My second time here and it was just as good as I remember. First I must admit I don't eat beef. So my review personally is based on what I did eat - chicken and pork. 

The chicken wrapped in bacon is heavenly. I've tried to duplicate it to no avail.  Somehow they are able to infuse the chicken with the smokey goodness of bacon and it is amazing!!!  I love a nice crusty piece of ham. Again they somehow are able to do this and retain the juicy ham goodness.  Their side buffet of choices had scrumptious offerings too. I love the fresh mozzarella drizzled with balsamic, garlic mashed potatoes and cheesy bread. 

Nathan had his share of all the meats and said they were expertly done. Nothing bad to say about any of the cuts. 

We were waited on expertly by Dave. He was ever present with a refill and blessedly absent while we were chowing away. The wandering meat carvers were plentiful and made sure we found just the cuts we were looking for. 

This is a great deal with or without a coupon.
This place is a must! Our server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The food was excellent and came quickly. I will definitely dine here again.
Yuck!

We ate here because we had a Groupon and would never pay to eat here. We had the seafood and meat rodizio and most of the seafood way over cooked and not fresh at all which almost made my stomach turn. The meat was ok, but everything tasted very similar. If you want a great meal dont eat here.
If you're not on the verge of passing out from hunger pangs, you should probably wait and come back later.  Because they'll feed you until you can't fit through the door.  

If you've never been here, it will seem a little strange.  Servers walk around with skewers of meat and shrimp and stop by your table.  If you want some, they cut you a little.  If not, they move along.  Don't worry if you miss something or if you didn't get enough, they'll be back in short order.  The last couple of times I was there, I think I had the meat rodizio thingy, which came with a trip through the salad and side item bar and all-you-can-eat meats.  

I like it.  I'll be back.  It's good casual dining for when you're (a) ridiculously hungry, and (b) don't feel like waiting in line at the Spice Market Buffet.

Tip #1:  Find a coupon for this place.  Otherwise, it's a little pricey.  Usually, there's a girl standing out on the Miracle Mile handing out coupons.  You'll recognize her.  Believe me.  If she's not there, you'll find a coupon in some of those books people are always trying to hand you on the strip.

Tip #2:  They let you bring in your own beer.  So hit the ABC store around the corner (on the Miracle Mile) and buy one before you get overcharged at Pampas.
Things got off to a bit of a slow start for us at Pampas as it took awhile for one of the meat servers to get to our table. In the meantime, we kind of filled up on the "Fresh Buffet Bar" offerings and by the time the meat servers started coming by, I didn't have much stomach room left! The Fresh Buffet Bar is far more than just a salad bar and in the future I would probably just have it alone for $24.95/dinner and skip the meat altogether. Among the salad offerings are various salads (pasta, tabbouleh, hearts of palm, greens), stews, rice, charcuterie, mashed potatoes...definitely enough to make a meal, and everything was delicious! As for the meats, they were fine - I just wasn't hungry enough to have many bites.
Meat was the best out of any of these Brazilian places we have been to. Seafood....not so much. They did have really sucky and somewhat uncomfortable service here.
I'm not going to even read the other reviews, the beef is amazing.
We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas. The atmosphere is as advertised and the service was first class. I believe the menu is an acquired taste as it received mixed reviews for our party of 5. The red meat was prepared and presented well, but, the fish was too "fishy" which left us thinking it was not too fresh. We agreed it was an "experience" we are glad we had, but, we will likely not return.
I LOVE meat ! LOVE IT!!  So I was excited to get a coupon to go and my sister and I went for lunch. It was disappointing to say the least. Their goal from my perception is to be like either via brazil, fogo de chao, or texas de brazil and their execution is poorly done. They don't use the round stop and go cards traditional of a churrascaria so you're constantly harassed by the meat servers, unfortunately you're not harassed by your waitress. She rarely came to the table and had to be "flagged" down several times. Beyond that the meat was just... kinda blah.. It was salty but not necessarily flavorful. They claim to have lots of different meats but I personally only saw about 4-5 different meats circulating. You had to essentially ask for any other meats they carried.
There are too many other really good Churrascarias to be bothered to spend my money here. I won't return.
If you like racist waiters, inattentive servers, over cooked meat and limited options then this is the place for you. Worst Brazilian Steakhouse I've ever visited. But the salad bar was nice.
John is a bit clueless as a server. when they brought around the seafood skewers they were grossly overcooked. I referred to the  seafood as being "abused," but john thought this meant it was so good that I was going to eat it all up.  "Well abuse that seafood, then!" was his reply. This remark actually made me giggle.

The buffet selection was decent, although I wished they had more salad greens.

The manager, was quite attentive, and he was quick to remedy the situation with the seafood by providing us with a freshly, properly cooked skewer. He even comped us dessert (this policy must be standard in the manager 101 handbook) We had the white chocolate cheesecake, which was decidedly more cheesecake than white chocolate. it was beautifully presented on the plate with a raspberry culee and mint garnish.

Overall, I would recommend this place. Just make sure that the seafood is cooked to order.

Overall our experience was reasonably pleasant. The staff was quite attentive (even when our "go meat!" Indicators were turned to red they still came sound to make sure we didn't want what they were offering).

Thank goodness for Groupon for making this dining experience more affordable. Otherwise, there is usually a Brazilian themed show girl hanging out in the desert passage shops handing out coupons.

Come for lunch because:
A) it's less expensive
B) you have longer to digest the massive amount of meats you have consumed before it'sp bedtime!
Ive gone to churraacaria's before and this deserves half a star, their service was slow and  the sides were gross! Even the rice was gross, really, how u mess up rice,  Im not sure,  pasta was tasteless, the mozzarella tasted weird, The olives were super salty, the only side I liked was the kale, so meat was so so, why did the pineapple and ham not come together? I did not enjoy myself here and would not come back or refer my friends ro eat here.  Service is very very poor! We were a party of 6 and gratuity of $40, for very poor slow service.  Took them 20 minutes to get us water and the manager, useless! One of the staff said they were a little short staffed, but the manager just stood there and didnt even bother to help. Nice job manager!
I recently went to Pampas for the first time and it was a great experience!

When we walked up to the threshold of the restaurant, we were cheerily greeted by Jack, who I found out was the manager.

From the moment we walked in to the moment we left we were treated really well which led to an amazing dining experience.

The food was delicious and there was SO MUCH OF IT!  The different types of salads, breads, meats, seafood, and desserts was fascinating.  I felt like I had to be rolled out of there I was so full.

The location was easy to access, the quality of the food, and the attitude of the staff made this a very enjoyable experience.
I got just the pork and beef cuts they were on par, the salads bar was really the high light, fresh delightful eye popping colors, was very impressed. The service was great very friendly. I would go back iv there were a groupon or some other type of discount.
I have been to almost every Brazilian restaurant here in Vegas starting with Yolies, Rum Jungle (out of business) Samba at the Mirage, Pampas, Via Brazil Steakhouse, Texas de Brazil and Lastly, Fogo de Chao. Eating at so many of these restaurants I must say Pampas is on the bottom of the list. I came back because I found a great deal through Groupon in which case I did get the Surf and Turf. 

I came during the weekend of Father's day and I was shocked in how slow the place was, though the waiter did say it was busier earlier, but who knows. Of course, when you eat Churrascaria it's better when the meats and seafood are fresh and hot, so when I went since it was so slow, my meats were semi cold and I did not try all the meats either, it's as if because it was slow, they didn't bring out all the different styles of meats they offer. Also, what I did not like is that they don't put the sides that you typically get on your table, you have to get that from the salad bar they have including the po de queijo (warm cheese bread) which you should really get that fresh and warm not cold and hard. So I was very disappointed in that.

My favorites spots are Fogo and Texas de Brazil but I lean more towards Fogo.
We had a Groupon which got the two of us the full meat and seafood all you can eat as well as the salad bar, two specialty drinks and one desert for $44, normal price would have been $88. All the food on the salad bar was outstanding, really fresh and tasty. The seafood was just okay, the shrimp and salmon being the best. The star of the show is the sirloin with the tri-tip a distant second. I didn't really care for the chicken leg or the sausage or the pork. The tiramisu was excellent. For my specialty drink I ordered the Caipirinha on the advice of our waiter. I had seen Anthony Bourdain drink them on No Reservations, it was really good! If we hadn't had a Groupon I'd have given it only 2 stars. I expected all of the meat to be exceptional.
Mmmmmm yes! Yes! And yes! 

My fianc and I ate here trying Brazilian BBQ for the first time. The meats are absolutely scrumptious! Cooked to perfection! Very tender and juicy!

They have an all you can eat salad bar. The mojito and margaritas were delicisosio! And the tiramisu is to die for!!! 

The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the seafood wasn't that great. It lacked in flavor and seemed a little overcooked. But hey, when I think Brazilian I think meat!
three dudes and a all you can eat meat roDizio, we each paid 39 plus tax 

Its okay, they only good meat is the lamb....I did enjoy the variety of plain sausage, perphaps I was just hungry.

But the all you can at meat did include, all you can eat salad, which is actually good. we also did enjoy the hot wings and cheese bread, 

overall its okay....If you love meat, try a different brazilian place. the meat was very salty and bland.

But service was top notch...the servers were top level.
I had dinner with my better half here about 4 months ago and I got this so called coupon which turned out to be not so great after all. Anyway the price was pretty high for all we ate but it's ok lesson learned. The meats served were quite delicious except for the lamb. YUCK it was disgusting. I do recommend this to those delicacy hunters that are coming to Vegas to visit. 

p.s The buffet could have been 10 times better!
Let me start by saying any place that has so many coupon users is trying to compensate for something(Insert joke here)

The concept is great, "Carvers" come out with various meats on a kabob for you to try in an all you can eat, bring it to your table buffet. A salad bar is available to fill you up*AHEM* I mean to offer vegetables and there is a cart that you can order a special drink that they will make in front of you by crushing... stuff(?) together.

Let me set the stage. Six of us joined together to dine out and this was chosen due to a coupon that one couple had. The coupon offered 50% off our dining experience!(Two for one to be exact so you need even numbers) So for $33 we could enjoy meat and shrimp or for $39 we could enjoy the full surf and turf experience. Now, I'm not a mathematician, but I do know a thing or two about math but 50% off of the menu price of $50 doesn't not work out to $39...? Wait? The SAME meal is $29 at lunch? But hey listen, this was our friends anniversary after all, let's stay in the mood... 

Salad bar - Come on, we all know the rules. Don't fill up on the salad! I read that the salad bar is mediocre in previous posts... they were right. A salad bar with no iceberg lettuce... two choices of salad dressing - Italian and something that looked like a mix of Soy sauce and Miso soup. But no worries, I am waiting for the steaks!

BRING ON THE MEAT! The rules of the game were laid out. You get a wooden thingie with red painted on one side and green on the other. Green means "Bring on the meat!" and Red means "Bugger off, I'm full!" so you rotate it to your desired position. When we started, green definitely meant GO! We were bombarded with "carver" after "carver" with shrimp, steaks, lamb, chicken with Bacon, scallops... I had to turn my little "thingie"over to red within 5 minutes. For me, the excitement kind of ended their... The meat was hard to cut with the dull knives provided. You either got rare or overcooked depending on what side of the table the carver started on and the food was ok at best. Recognizing that people like meats cooked a different way, you would think a carver would ask what the preference was... but I suppose they are just carvers, we should count on our server to help... Uhm.. Server?

When we sat down, we hadn't decided on our drinks yet so our server said he would be back.... he forgot to mention that it could be anytime that night... We were well into our food before I could finally wave him down. After ordering and waiting another 20 or so minutes I walked to the bar and grabbed the already waiting drinks and brought them to our table of cheering lighthearted friends. We didn't see our waiter again until the end of our meal... maybe he was disguised as a carver?

Good thing for the drink table travelling around! Two polite girls asked us what we wanted for a special Brazilian drink. Not knowing what they were saying I said surprise us! They took 15 minutes to make 5 drinks. It was a good drink though, and they agreed with me, tipping their tip jar towards us so we could show our satisfaction at this concoction. Wait, we didn't get a chance to try it yet... maybe come back for the tip? No? okay... here you go... 

We were enjoying each others company when a host came up with a camera and mentioned how happy we looked(Maybe she was surprised?) and offered to take our picture for a "complimentary" photo. I had been in Vegas long enough to smell a rat and I wasn't shocked when our pictures came out - $30 for the group shot or $20 for the picture of us as couples. Perhaps they saw us coming a long way... they sold two pictures to our friends... My scottish roots came out as I started to clinch my wallet between one hand and my butt-cheek. 

The final bill... okay, I mentioned I wasn't a mathematician right? So I had the surf and turf, My wife had the turf and we shared three drinks between us(We would have drank more had our waiter existed) The other two couples had the same, except add one dessert each. So $39 x 6 plus desert, the added 20% gratuity, drinks maybe $8ea x 9 and two deserts for oh, we'll say $9ea = $435.... wait, what!? Our friends did some math on the other side of the table and decided it best to just pay up and enjpy our night... needless to say, I won't be back. 

Although the concept is good, turf service and mediocre food at surf prices earned this place every bit of the rating I gave.
My husband and I came here for our 15th year anniversary dinner. I had a coupon for 1 free dinner and our waitress gladly accepted it and even upgraded the coupon for the surf and turf dinner. I ordered the pia colada for my drink and made our way to the salad bar. There were many options that I didn't get the chance to try them all. The meat and seafood started coming and they were coming so frequently that I had to turn the sign to red! They didn't seem to be paying attention to what color you turn it to cause they still kept coming up to our table. I was not impressed with the meat or the desserts. I don't know if I was too full from all the meat and salad bar but I've had better tiramisu and cheesecake. The bill was still over $100 with one free dinner! Will not be coming back.
This place is good for meat lovers but seriously that's about it. Service is slow and food is not that good. Salad bar food is not boosting my appetite either, maybe that's why they put the food there in the first place. So you'll eat less meat?

Choice is very limited. I've been to other Brazilian restaurants that are 100 times better than this one. Like Samba in Los Angeles. They've even got Samba dancing too. Don't let Pampas define your opinion on Brazilian restaurants.
Amazing Service, Amazing Food, and Amazing experience.

This was my first trip to vegas and found a groupon to pampas for a really great price .my boyfriend' and i decided to get it.

Flash forward to today 7/30/13: everything at pampas was great. We really recommend this restaurant. The food was very good, except the reason for 4/5 stars instead of 5/5 was that some of the items were a bit to salty in my opinion. But still good! 

What really blew me away was their customer service, our waitress was awesome(i think her name is Kelly, long haired brunette)  and the guys serving the meats were super friendly. Even with an unexpected incident during our lunch that Pampas could not prevent they very kindly offered us another lunch for the next day on the house!! That truly says a lot to me about the manager and their staff. 

Now on 7/31/13 , we had a different server i think her name was Miranda or something like that. idk if she was new but She never checked up on us or anything it was always a different girl getting us new plates and drinks. So that felt a little weird but again we had a great experience here and definitely recommend it!! 

Thank you Pampas! Definitely a to go spot for us on our next Vegas trip 
:)
If I could give this place a negative digit rating, I would. It seems like everyone only goes to this place cause they have coupons, which a lot of people agreed was a false advertisement and wasn't worth it. If you dont want to read my long dragged out story about my experience at this restaurant, I'll tell it to you straight. This place is a joke. Money hungry jerks wanting to rip you off, and the food and service is terrible. Definitely not worth the money. I have lived in Las Vegas my whole life and have ate at some very prestigious and fantastic restaurants. This was definitely not one, even if it was much cheaper than it is. Point plank, AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 

Ok, let my story of this miserable meal begin. I admit I have never eaten at a restaurant with this type of menu or set up. Sort of a buffet, but much more complicated. I was with my good friend, we decided to go to miracle mile to do a bit of shopping. Once we found what we wanted, we decided we wanted to eat. He had eaten at a Brazilian grill similar to this in rio, brazil. He said he liked it when he had it, and all I really wanted was a lobster tail. We went in, got a table, and our waiter came over, I think I recall his name being Eric. 
He started explaining the menu to us. I didn't completely comprehend because all I really wanted was lobster with was $17 all la cart. pretty much you can get the unlimited salad bar for $25/person and add meat for an extra amount. Neither of us added the meat, so I don't know what it would have came out to. I just got the lobster, I wasn't that hungry and thought I would have been fine. My friend just did the salad bar for $25, no meat included. So no one came around to us with the skewers of food, so I can't comment on the quality of the meat. So first with the salad bar, it's about the size of kitchen island counter. Nothing really great, some lettuce, veggies, antipasti, and soup. Definitely not worth the $25. 
So we ordered, and my friend got right up and went to get some food. I stayed at the table, hoping my lobster would show up soon. My friend came back with a plate full of very low quality food. Right then I remembered my medication, that I need to take with food. No big deal, I picked up my fork and grabbed two small fork fulls of Caesar salad off his plate. Right as I took the second bite, which was all I planned on taking just to get my medication in me, the waiter came over and very rudely said, "mam, you can't eat off his plate, I have to charge you the $25." FOR TWO BITES??!! Ok, first, I am a 5' 3", 100lbs, 21 year old woman, it wasn't like I mauled his plate, or got up and grabbed my own plate. I freaked. I understand people try to pull stuff like that all the time, but he literally watched me pick up my fork, take two bites, and put my fork back down. What he should have said was "mam, if you want food from the var, I have to charge you $25. If not you can please put your fork down." Nope. He just said charging you $25 and walked away. I was very angry, mumbling cuss words under my breath. My friend was going to pay, and I wasn't going to allow him to pay for it when I didn't need or use the bar.
 Then my lobster came, just the tail, a cup of butter, and a lemon wedge. I cut it up, and looked at my plate. I couldn't believe it, I literally took three bites and the food was gone. The taste was good, but the portion was ridiculous, especially for $17. When I was done, I was heated. My friend flagged down the waiter and asked him if he was seriously going to charge me for the two bites and why he couldnt have pretended he didnt see it. The waiter went off, "sir, this is my job. I could loose my job over that." Blah blah blah. While I was thinking, who are you? Why the hell should I care about your job? I care about getting ripped off, not your problems. That's when we told him to bring over the manager. He said ok and went to go get him. He came back and simply said, "he took the $25 off your bill", and stormed away. Even the manger knew the whole thing was ridiculous. Needless to say Eric didn't get a tip.
Moral of the story? This place is a joke. Food portion and salad bar quality is a joke. Ridiculous prices for not so great food or service. I am very angry with this resurant and I will definitely never go back, let alone acknowledge that it even exists. Avoid this place unless you want to be broke and left hungry and dissatisfied.
Bought a coupon on travelzoo; 2 for 1 all you can eat meat selections only with salad bar.  I've eaten at both Texas de Brazil and Fogo de Chao, but to be fair, I'll try to write a review that is unbiased. 

Reasons I gave this place a 3-star:

1) I made a reservation at 8:30pm.  Got there at 8:37pm and they didn't even have a table reserved for us.  We had to wait 30 mins to be seated.  Ok...so what was the point of making a reservation??

2) They seated us away from the salad bar, instead we sat near the bar area.  The bad thing is that we were away from all the action, so we had to wait to get another slice of meat.  It was literally one slice of meat at a time.

3) Salad bar was great, but some of the meat was not cooked very well for my liking and bland. 

4) Glad I found a 2 for 1 coupon because if I paid regular price it wouldn't be worth it.
Came here again this past weekend for the hubby's birthday. The meat this time
We purchased a Living Social deal, $43 for two for the meat rodizio.  Awesome deal!  The salad bar itself is alright, and most of the meats were bland.  The chicken is really good though (especially the bacon wrapped chicken).  Our dirty plates and glasses were never once picked up, so by the end of our dinner, we had a pile of dirty plates and glasses on our small table.  One of the good things was that we made reservations through open table, and we were seated right away when we got there.  I think there's better brazilian restaurants in Vegas.  I won't be coming back.
An occasional Vegas tourist, I am always a bit shocked at the cost of food in the hotels and casinos every time I come back. The girls and I were looking for a quick take out dinner when we stumbled upon Pampas. Although we were offered $5 off for a Saturday night, we had to pass on a buffet out of fear we would not be able to squeeze into our dresses that night. On our last day, however, we returned here for our traditional buffet final vacation meal. At $15, this was significantly cheaper (albeit slightly smaller) than any of the hotel buffets. This was my first Brazilian experience so I have no comparison to others but the meat was delicious though a bit on the salty side. Other delicious items included the cheese biscuits, potato salad, and beef soup. We topped off the meal with a few slices of watermelon to cleanse the palate and went on our merry way. All have agreed this restaurant will be on the list for any future Vegas trips. See you next yr Pampas!
I was in Las Vegas with 3 other people for 3 days.  We chose this place to have lunch and were pretty excited to have the "ulitmate dining experience".  It was pretty disappointing from the moment we walked in.  We approached the hostess upon arrival and were brought to a a table outside in the mall area.  We asked for a table inside and were told all other tables were full (the place was empty).  We assumed that the hostess had been told by management to seat everyone outside the place first to make it appear to be busy.  We then went up to another hostess and again requested a table inside.  She was very rude and reluctantly allowed us to take another table.  Needless to say the hostesses were awful.

The waitress was slow and not overly friendly.  The atmosphere was cheap and almost reminded me of a mexican chain.

The salad bar was okay.  I highly recommend NOT ordering the seafood as it was awful.  The crab cakes came directly from the freezer and the shrimp was chewy.  I was also disappointed they didn't have plantains, instead serving fried bananas in their place.

I do not recommend dining here.  There are so many wonderful choices in Vegas, Pampas Churrascaria is not one of them.
Great if you like meat. We went for my husbands Birthday and he is meat eater, he LOVED it! Even for me, I enjoyed the mushroom sandwich and the tempura veggies...very good. My 3 year old enjoyed the endless amounts of fruit and cheese from the salad bar. So at least there's a little something for everyone.
One extra star for the good environment! Another extra Star for the service! The food was whatevers but I loved the service. Most of them spoke Portuguese and one of them is Palmeirense. That's worth an attention.
Good service, bleh food.

After receiving a coupon for 10% off, I decided to try Pampas on a Friday night before "the evening rush". The service was pretty good as we were seated immediately and had a good server. My only complaint was the food. While the salad bar was good (for what they had) I was disappointed at the rest of my meal (surf & turf). I'll admit, maybe my issue was expecting the food to be as good as Fogo... it wasn't. Some of the steaks were salty and it didn't seem to matter if you wanted rare or well. I honestly didn't have anything I really liked as everything they brought out was mediocre at best. Hopefully this was all due to one or two guys back there not having a good day... Then the server brought me the bill for two and I saw $95. I couldn't help but to think "MFer, for what?"

Very disappointing
Was in vegas looking for something to eat on the strip. Walked into Planet Hollywood and saw this Brazilian Steakhouse. Well it wasn't what I expected at all. We got a half price discount for buying two meals. The meats tasted like something you would find at an average buffet. If you like buffet food come here. If not stay away.
I came here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday evening and I honestly never even knew this restaurant existed. We had found a groupon which was $65 all you can eat surf and turf + salad bar, plus 2 cocktails and 1 dessert. First off, it says $65, but after tipping (we tipped according to how much it would have been without the deal) it cost us about $95 total. It still isn't a bad deal because I think our total would have been about $140 (not including tax or tip) anyways if we didn't have the groupon.

It was pretty busy when we got there so that was a good sign I guess. The waiter was very attentive and showed us the details of our deal and what we got. I was thinking that we get two free cocktails regardless of what they were, but actually there is a list of 4 to choose from. This includes a mojito, 2 brazilian cocktails, or a margarita. My girlfriend chose the margarita and I chose the mojito. I feel like the mojito barely had any alcohol in it, but the margarita was super strong haha.

The salad bar isn't really that big compared to Via Brasil and Texas De Brazil. Regardless, I enjoyed the roasted mushrooms, pasta salad, beets, and cheese bread (amazing, might I add). I know my girlfriend loved the mashed potatoes and the cheese bread too.

Ok, now the meat and seafood. The shrimp isn't peeled, which really bothers me for some reason. They do taste good though after you peel them and whatnot. The mahi mahi didn't taste right to me, and the salmon was OK - nothing too amazing about it. I think the best of the meats were the bacon wrapped filet mignon, bacon wrapped chicken, beef tenderloin and spicy sausage. My girlfriend really REALLY liked the bacon wrapped chicken though haha.

For dessert we had the Tiramisu which was pretty good.

Last but not least, service was great and our server was on top of everything. He kept our waters filled up and was very attentive, which is a big deal for me.

Overall I think this place was OK....nothing too spectacular or amazing about it. If it were up to me I'd probably just go to Via Brasil especially since it is only 5 min from my house. I don't think we'll come back to Pampas.
My boyfriend and I bought the groupon which included 2 speciality alcoholic drinks, 2 meat and fish, and a dessert. The meat was fabulous, especially the sausages and their special meat. I wasn't crazy about the fish - mainly because the meats were so flavorful. They have a large sides bar. They also give you homemade chips and sauce. It's a great deal as you get a lot of good. Even better of a deal if you get the groupon. I would recommend going if you like meat.
The worst experience in Las Vegas. I ordered for a medium steak but a WELL-DONE came out. The napkin smelled sour and stinky. The worst thing was that the answers from the waiter were always "I don't know".
We had a coupon from Travelzoo and were very pleased.  I have been to other Brazilian steak houses but this was the first one I have been to that also offers seafood.  The salmon, mahi mahi and shrimps were excellent.  The salad bar had a great selection including braised kale, kimichi squid, and crab meat salad.  All of the meats were excellent except that the chicken was a little salty.  The waiters keep coming unless you turn your indicator to red.  This was great because we had a nice variety and stayed full.  The waiters were also very attentive with refilling our iced teas.  They also serve pineapple off the skewers which helps with digestion so you can eat more meat!  All in all I was very pleased.  Yes its pricey but for all you can eat surf and turf its great.
Our third time in two years.
Service was very good.
But quality of food was just not good any more (not that it was ever exceptional, but much cheaper than other similar restaurants).
We had the Lunch Surf and Turf Special. The first seafood (Surf) platter was not edible, cold and fishy. Our waitress did got us another plate after I told her it was horrible. They do not serve scallops any more even though it is on the menu.
Salad bar sure is not as good as used to be. 
The only good item for "Turf" was Sirloin roast, everything else was either dry, tough, or salty (or all of the above).
Even though this dinner was virtually free (part of a package), they couldn't pay me to go back. False advertising! The waiting confirmed there are 12 meat items coming around. After 90 minutes, we saw 6. Then they repeated (maybe that's how they get to 12).  

Michael, the waiter, thought he was 'all that' as if he worked in a 5 start restaurant. Took our order then we never saw him again. Even for water refills!

The only good meat was the lamb and the rest was bland, tasteless. The salad bar was good, but not for their prices!  

Get better food and service for half the money elsewhere. Rip off!
Bought a coupon for this restaurant at TixForTonight as it seemed a good place to try out. Suffice it to say we were very pleased with the service, variety and general deliciousness that greeted us. 


My first impression of Pampas was style over substance; in that regard I was very much mistaken. Yes, it is a fancy restaurant with a matching feel, however it is also warm, welcoming and infused with an overall pleasant feel. Our waiter Dave was a consummate professional. Our drinks were never empty and were strong and crisp. Despite the fact we had only an hour open bar we were met with no delays and were given precisely as much as we could drink in that time. His service was beyond reproach. What's more the servers and managers were also very on the ball, asking us consistently how we were enjoying our meal and if everything was to our satisfaction. The service here really was five star quality.

As for the food: superb! The salad bar was fully stocked with more pasta, vegetables and sides than you could ask for. You could very easily and happily indulge only in the sides and still have a very satisfying, delicious meal without fault. However, to do so would be to miss out on the main event of truly sensational, high quality meats brought and served at your table. My particularly favourite was the perfectly cooked Sirloin and yummy spicy chicken. But all the meats were divine and well worth the extra money, if only for the variety and unlimited quantity you receive. My only fear is that this place was somewhat wasted on me due to my small appetite. But if you're a big eaten then I can promise this place will not dissapoint.
 
Fair warning though: Pampas (as you might expect considering the unlimited nature and remarkable quantity) does come with a hefty price tag. It cost us $130 for the two of us (and that was including the discount). Expect to pay big.

Overall, a truly sumptuous night out that I'll definitely repeat next time I'm in Vegas. Well worth the money.

And remember: come on empty stomach.
It's an okay place, biggest disappointment was when a waiter girl had her hand down her butt. Just walking casually, gross... Food was okay waiter was pretty great!
Fake Brazil restaurant

Esse restaurante com certeza no  brasileiro. 
Primeiro que ningum fala portugus. Segundo que pela decorao da para ver que uma verso americana do Brasil, com quadros fora da nossa realidade e msica de elevador.
A comida tambm  horrvel. O arroz era doce, a feijoada era apenas feijo preto e o churrasco tambm no era brasileiro, quando no estava queimado estava cru.
No final de tudo isso desisti de experimentar a caipirinha e ainda passei mal com a comida.
Lamentvel. No recomendo.
Visiting Vegas from California, we decided to Groupon our entire trip. Lunch on Tuesday was Pumpas Brazilian Grill. We've had Brazilian food before so we looked forward to it. 

It felt like we were walking forever!  This place was so hard to find! My husband almost veto'd the whole thing, we asked for directions like 5 times!!!!

We get there, 40mins late for our reservation by the way. We wait about 15mins for a table . The server was pretty nice, she was serving way too many tables to truly be attentive to us. But we understood. My husband loves to eat nothing but meat (no veggies) he didn't seem impressed at all with the taste of the meat. I was looking more forward to the salad bar. I was disappointed that the only salad available was Caesar salad and romain lettuce with some vinaigrette. I wanted more green salad options. There were tons of other salad I don't eat like: Crab salad, noodle salad, etc. but I craved more fresh garden options in the salad bar area. The seafood served was just average. Thanks to Groupon we didn't regret the visit, our bill came and we were pretty happy with the $2 bill. No offense but I won't be back. There's way too many other great restaurants to visit in Vegas than to waste time trying to find this place like a needle in a hay stack.
You will get people handing out coupons for this place everywhere in Vegas. Great advertising. But the truth is the place sucks. I have tried 3 times and never had a good experience. Small salad bar. Service is slow. It took us 20 even for the waiter to take out drink orders. The meat selection is not the greatest. I really didn't find it authentic brazilian food. It is an Americanized tourist trap. I heard Texas de brazil is better, haven't tried it yet. But Fogo de Chao is amazing.
Purchased a Travelzoo deal & decided to try the restaurant out. 

The restaurant is lack luster. The service was awful. I had to track down my server to request a refill of iced tea. The meat carvers kept passing up my table & I didn't experience the variety of meats as it seemed they never visited our table. The salad bar was just "okay". If the normal price is $43 per person then is suggest you go off the strip & visit Texas De Brazil which is a much better restaurant. 

I really wanted to like this place but just couldn't. My husband gave them 1 star I was generous by giving them 1 star.
For $20 all you can eat shrimp,mahi mahi,,salmon and crab cakes cooked perfect; you couldn't go wrong. The service was fast and friendly. Nice salad bar as well.
Great for a meat feast but they will not give you their guest wifi code so no free wifi
Buyer Beware! Don't Do It! Living Social... Groupon... Coupon... We son care how you fund! Lol... Disappointing if you've been to other Brazilian steakhouses. The waitresses and servers were very pleasant and accomodating, so no issues customer service wise. But the salad bar was sub-par. The meat selection were Ehhhhhh... And there was a faint smell of mop /dish water our entire stay. The only saving grace was our $6.00 bill. The one reviewer from California (Kaiya B) said it all!! Lol... You've been warned. Attempt only in case of dire hunger!
My group and I bought lunch using groupon. I wasn't a fan if them having to sit us all separately but that's what we had to do. This is my first Brazilian style food service and I was impressed. About every 5 min we had someone coming by with meat. I think we had a total of about 13 different meat. I would return to this place for sure. Fun experience and great food.
Just wanted to give a quick review... over priced especially if you have gone to any other streak house. Most of the meat was under flavored and some was chewy and over cooked while others were pretty good. and the same meat was brought to our table it wasn't until we were full and at the end of our dinner they started coming around with the better meat . Also the shrimp was not peeled found that odd your at a nice dinner getting meesy peeling shrimp . Salad bar was ok ANd the thing I enjoyed most was the variety of olives in feta. We were not sat in a very cozy seat area either especially since It was a birthday and I had mentioned that when making reservations and they said don't worry we will do something special and nope nothing. 
  My main complaint was it took 20 minutes to get our first water and even with the groupon it brought the total to about 100$ my suggestion save your money and go to Texas da Brazil  over all it was an ok experience but I would not go there again unless it was free
So, a little background. We purchased a voucher on Travelzoo that was a 2 for 1 deal.  An $86 meal became $43.  After reading some of the reviews on Yelp, I was not looking forward to this dinner.  Prior to purchasing the voucher, I had read some pretty favorable reviews. That was 2 months ago.  I checked Yelp this afternoon before we went to dinner, and I found some reviews that trashed the place. 

Even though I am giving this place 3 stars,  I started out wanting to give 5 stars.  The food, in a word, was SPECTACULAR.  I don't know what restaurant some of these people were eating at, but both my wife and I found this place great. The salad bar was fantastic.  Lots of vegetables such as Chinese broccoli and pickled veggies.   Caesar salad was surprisingly good.  

If you are a meat eater, you can eat yourself silly.  I especially liked the spicy chicken and a top sirloin that was a special of the night.  

Before I get to my downgrades, some advice.   Don't bother purchasing a 2 for 1 voucher ahead of time from Travelzoo or any other site. We could not walk more than 50 yards without someone offering a 2 for 1 coupon on the strip.  Heck, there was some dude wearing some Brazilian bird outfit not more  than 50 yards from the restaurant inside the Miracle Mile mall adjacent to the Planet Hollywood hotel that was offering a 2 for 1 discount coupon.  

Again, this would have been a 5 star review if not for a couple of things that our waiter did that were, let's say, disappointing.  When we sat down, he asked us if we wanted any drinks.  We said "no;" however, we wanted water.  He asked if we wanted flat or sparkling and we said flat.  Not too long after came a couple of bottles of Pelligrino.  About a half hour into the meal, my wife asked me " are we being charged for this water?"   I brought the waiter over and I asked him this question, and he said "yes."  I said "not a chance."  He got defensive and I said that nothing was mentioned about charging for the water, and our waiter, to his credit, told us that he would take the water off the bill. By the way, the cost of these two LARGE bottles of Pelligrino was $30.  One could conclude that this is how this place makes its money. 

The second thing that the waiter did was bring our final bill and it totaled almost $20.  Mind you, we had not purchased any extra sides and no drinks.  Our expectation was that we would receive a bill for the sales tax which should have been between $6.80 and $8.60.  I explained this to the waiter. He left to take care of it, and came back w/o any changes.  Instead, a 5 min explanation as to why the bill was correct. I was very calm and explained that he was incorrect and why.  He then realized that he got our voucher mixed up with another promotion involving the purchase of show tix.  He brought the check back  and everything was corrected. 

One more thing. Another reviewer trashed the place because he was part of a large party and was annoyed that the restaurant added a tip for everyone based upon the full cost of the meal BEFORE the Groupon discount.  He felt that the tip should be based upon the discounted Groupon price. This is incorrect as the waiter is being penalized.   ALWAYS tip based upon the full value of the meal before discounts.
BUYER BEWARE: A group of us purchased Amazon Local deal for 50% off. Reads: Dinner Fresh Buffet and drinks...one would think that this means meat, salad bar, and an hour of cocktails. It does NOT! The party expected to pay tax and tip and a little extra for one surf-n-turf...bill was $400. We got charged $20 per person for the meats, which wasn't disclosed to us. Meats were okay, sausage was like kielbasa, chicken had bones, salad bar was rubbish. Go to one of the other top rated Brazilian bbq joints on Yelp and leave this place to it's false advertising and sub-par food.
Don't spoil your evening. I paid a discount - 45.00 for two rodizio dinners. This place is worse than "BAD". The salad bar selections are 10 times better at a golden coral and fresher too. The servers bring around the beef, chicken and pineapple etc on skewers from which they slice onto your plate. The meat was so salty my wife and I couldn't eat it . There was no organization or timing as to when they came around. Initially they came all at once then they were nowhere to be seen. The food is horrible tasting. Service is better at McDonalds. Dining out should be enjoyable in Vegas. Save yourself the pain. Pay a little more - go to Mon Ami Gabi at Paris or east on Flamingo a few blocks to Roy's. It's worth it.
Very disappointed and unperfessional!!! It was my wife's 30th birthday last Saturday and a group of my family and friends came along to celebrate at what we thought was going to be a wonderful experience.... NOT!

We purchased an Amazon special for a buy 1 for the price of 2. Not anywhere on the voucher did it say, Meat not included. The buffet is only veggies and a salad bar, and that is $45 regular price. Basically, what we got was the salad bar for half off, and free alcohol (only well drinks) for the first hour, not including the tax and gratuity.

Little did we know that the meat was not included. That ended up being an extra $20 per person, plus tax and gratuity. Don't get me wrong, the meat was amazing and the service was great! The issuse we had, especially me, was when I asked for the Manager of the restaurant and the Chef came out after we receive a bill for $360!

When I was approached by the (so called manager) he walked right up to me and said, "What's the issue here"? Not as any professional would approach a table and introduce him/herself and say their name and rank, also asking us the right questions and showing customer service the way I thought it would be.

He said, "What is the issue"? As I began to tell him what the issue was and how my hole table is confussed as we had no idea and it was never indicated on the voucher, that the meat wasn't included and tax and gratuity isn't included, the hole time he had the facial expressions of, no matter what you say I will not help you, give you half off, listen to what you're saying, in fact I am going to argue with you and make this all your fault because you the customer of my restaurant that's never been here before is wrong and I am right! Let's not forget the fact that it's my wife's 30th birthday and she is pregnant, as we're having a great time and here he comes and reined the damn birthday party!

Complete douche bag, inconsiderate, false leading and no compassion or understanding of the customer or to even listen and try to work with me and understand that it's not the money, it's the fact that my friends and family didn't expect another larger bill, especially after the servers where coming around serving meat and drinks we all were tipping well over $100 plus not knowing another bill of $360 was coming.

Never!!!!! will I return to this place. I am embarrassed that I was treated with such disrespect and my wife feels bad after receiving the bill and we had to pay $40 each extra as a group per couple. I would rather have gone to Chuck e Cheese and all of us adults acted like kids again instead of being treated like a piece of trash.

Don't worry, I am not the only one who feels horrible about the service I received. There's more reviews to come from other couples of the party. : )

Thanks.
I've eaten here four times that I can remember. That's how I am starting this review. With quantity.

Why's that? Because that's all this place is about. All you can eat meat is all about quantity. If you want quality, you go on the other side of the strip and you eat at the steak places in the City Center places. If you want a sword's worth of meat, you come here.

It's worth the time it takes to chew through it all, though I do have some cautionary advice for you, depending on your evening's plans and how often you eat multiple pounds of red meat in a single sitting. Maybe consider this place on the night that you are not going to be bumping up against people for hours on end in a packed nightclub. The meat-burp-breath is not as popular as it used to be a few years ago. People are starting to move on to other fads, unfortunately.

Taking a lady home? I hope you brought aromatic candles with you. Your room will smell like the dumpster behind a McDonalds by the time the sun starts beating against the blackout curtains.

Five-hour flight back to the east coast? I hope the plane has a convertible roof, or you might set off the lavatory smoke detectors.

No? You've got it all under control? Okay. I won't give you the last bit of advice then.

Best of luck.
Bought a groupon to check this place out. Overall, not impressed whatsoever. Definitely will not be coming back. Was quite disappointed. 

Pros
- They actually serve seafood. Salmon and the shrimp was the best. Mahi Mahi was over cooked. 

Cons
- Portion size is too much. Like another reviewer said, it's all about quantity vs quality. If I'm going to end up paying $130+ for 2 person, I'd stick w Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao (it be cheaper and way better food)

- Majority of the meat I had was too well done making it hard and chewy. BBQ pork wreaked of BO aftertaste. Thank goodness it came last cause I lost my appetite. I literally thought the smell was from the waiter but I was wrong lol

- Floor is super slippery

- Bar selection is not great (food and space wise). The layout and area is so small that you have people running into each other. Most places give you certain appetizers (bread, mashed potato and fried banana) but it was served buffet style. The fried banana was gross because it just like they breaded a regular banana vs using plantain. 

- Dessert was not great. Even the mint leaves were not fresh. 

- Service is lacking.
We went to Pampas Churrascaria recently on a visit to Vegas and purchased a Groupon for 2 for 1 meals (including the fish) and a drink each.  

Whatever the specialty meat was and the sausage, were by far the stars of the meal along with the mojitos.  The rest of the meat was meh.  The plate of seafood was terrible and not even worth eating.  The salad bar had a great selection, but we stuffed ourselves so full of meat that we barely ate anything from the salad bar.  

The mojito was really good.  We tried another rum based drink but ended up getting a second round of mojitos because they were delicious.  

For the price, there is no way you should go here without getting 2 for 1.  Especially now that I've read some of the other reviews that show how prolific the coupons are.  I really prefer not to have to resort to coupons.  I really just want good food and good service at an honest price.  The prices here are jacked up more higher than Disneyland's to account for the abundance of coupons.
Utilized a travelzoo special, and glad we did.  Really enjoyed this meal.  The meats were all very good for my taste.  Seafood was terrible, should have known better in all honesty.  Service was right on top of things, can't complain there at all.  It really is too pricy for what you get, so unless you utilize a coupon of some sort, just isn't worth it.  Judging by the fact that EVERYONE in the area was utilizing coupons of some sort, must be their MO.
Just a sheer disappointment all around. We came here for my 40th birthday. We had reservations and we were seated within about 10 minutes. This is the only reason this place gets a star,  although I'm not sure I could give them 0 stars even if wanted to.

We sat at our table for 20 minutes, and I never got a drink, or the little wooden marker so I could be served dinner. I get it,  you're busy,  but this is  inexcusable.  Forget thinking you're going to get a nice meal here.  It's in a mall.  It's over rated. And it's a huge letdown.

After waiting like a castoff, I got up and left.  But first I gave the manager a piece of my mind. I couldn't believe his best suggestion was "you should stay here,  you're going to have to wait wherever else you go,  you should just stay here for dinner". Um, yea, I don't think so. 

Honestly, stay clear of this place.  It's just not anything special for the $50+ per head.
Oh my where to start! I guess we should have heeded the warning signs: got stuck in traffic, couldn't locate it, was directed to a gentlemen wearing feathers and giving out discounted drink & dinner coupons, then as we were getting near the restaurant another gentlemen trying to convince us to "stop in & try us out". We should have realized then they were trying too hard to get clientele into the restaurant. 

However, putting that aside we were seated shortly after arriving... and waited. Our server had a dismissive attitude and was more concerned about a dirty table needing to be cleared in his section than introducing himself and taking our order. Then after having to repeat our drink order three times he still managed to bring the wrong drink ...not once but twice. Thereafter he was pretty much absent from our table-- --however, very noticeably impatient with another couple as he kept looking at his watch as they tried to decide what they wanted. Towards the end of the meal he did inquire if there was any item we'd like more of and I mentioned the tri-tip which never again came our way. 

In spite of the service I was still hoping to have an enjoyable meal. Not. The food was way over-salted and the quality of meat was very disappointing. We also had the option that included the seafood of which their "go to" flavor was obviously teriyaki - teriyaki  salmon, teriyaki mahi mahi...  and the shrimp was soft and soggy. They also brought out crab cakes... deep fried, over charred pucks of shredded mystery seafood. Needless to say I didn't even attempt to sample one. Dessert was also included- we opted for the cheesecake however, between the odd tasting crust & the neon green gel-like stuff swirled on the plate after 2 bites my husband was "done".

To say we were disappointed is an understatement--and within 5 minutes of leaving the restaurant my stomach realized it needed to purge everything I had consumed. So, we won't be returning ~even if it was offered to us free. Enough said!
My husband bought an Amazon locals deal for this restaurant for our 2nd anniversary.  We've been talking about doing a "Brazilian meat place" for a while, so when he saw the coupons, he jumped on them.  
I made a reservation for 7 for the two of us.
We were running a bit late because of strip traffic, and got to the hostess stand at 6:59, she said we were checked in, and had to wait 15 minutes.  
My husband then ran to the restroom, and I waited in the most crowed lobby I've ever been in.
He wasn't back by the time they sat me, so I went a lone to the smallest table in the smallest corner of OUTSIDE OF THE RESTAURANT!  You're kidding me right?  You're seriously sitting me in the hallway of the hotel/casino?!  I was livid.  But let it go, it's supposed to be our speical night. Our waiter came over and immediately asked if we had any coupons (tacky much?) but yes, I had coupons!  (It's tacky, I know, but we thought we had a good deal).  The almost unintelligible waiter informed us that the coupon only gave us access to the salad bar.......urge to kill, rising. 
 At that point I lost it.  "This isn't what I was expecting", I need another table.  
He went to go talk to the hostess to get us another table, in the meantime, another almost unintelligible girl came up with a HUGE CART of "house drinks" gave some BS about them, and just about forced you to buy it. "no thank you" your sure?!! "YES!"

+1 star for the waiter being on his game tho, and getting us another table INSIDE the restaurant, and even better right by the salad bar. 
Let me try to get something across, there is NO ROOM to move in that place whatsoever.  You bump into people everywhere, the tables and chairs are packed so tight you have to shimmy behind them.  Could you imagine carrying a tray of salad over 100ft back to your table?!  Not this girl.

Anyway, so we're inside now, got a new waiter, who was amazing, I'm ashamed I didn't get his name.  He was shorter, bald and had an Aussie or New Zealand accent, if you read this, thank you sir, you made our night.
But anyway, with new waiter, we showed him the coupons, and he let us know that yes, we get the salad bar and we get an hour of open bar (well drinks, draft beer, house red and white wine). Ohhh, ok, that's cool.  And if we would like to partake in the meat, it's $20 more a person.  Well yeah!  We're at a better table, I feel like I'm in the restaurant, we came here for that, so yeah, BRING ON THE MEAT!
So with two Blue Moons on the way, I go up to the salad bar.  I saw mozzarella balls with balsamic vinegar and just loaded up on them.  They are my favorite.  Grabbed some tomatoes, and extra vinegar.  Grabbed some of the Italian pasta salad, and a few containers of their cimichurry (sp?) sauces (for the meat I was assuming).  I love condiments.
My husband had flipped his card to green, then went up to the bar as well.  Almost immediately, they came over with the meat.  Alex (also my son's name) had some chicken wrapped in bacon, and sausage.  I didn't know how it worked with the portions, so I got one of each for me, and my husband.  I was still eating my mozzarella while the meat was piling up on my plate.  I had flipped my card to red because I wanted to take my time, relax and go at a slow pace to the onslaught of meat I knew was coming.  Not my husband, he downed his salad, then started cleaning his plate of meat while mine piled higher and higher.  Even tho I had a red card, they would still ask me if I wanted the meat.  I had my mouth full, and kept having to say no.  But wow that sausage was good.  The chicken was very dry, the pork was tasty, and the other meats faded into each other as piece after piece was dropped on my plate.  I remember lamb, tri tip, ham, even some roasted pineapple and oh yeah, the sausage!  I was stuffed...and we still had 30 mins on our open bar.  My hubby got 2 more beers, and I nursed my first one all night.  
Even after everything that went wrong, the service of the new waiter saved the night, and the food was tasty enough to make us want to go back, like today, but IT'S SO PRICEY!  We got a credit for the coupons we had, and the $40 we spent that night, the bill came to $130, but we only had to pay the $40.  We tipped the waiter on the $130, as you should, and he seemed to be appreciative of that.  So that made us happy.
It stared out horrible, and I wanted to walk out, but we had those coupons, and it was our anniversary...so I waited it out, and it tuned out great.  But there is nothing relaxing or calm about that place.  When and if you go, just remember that it's a very hectic atmosphere...maybe you'll be in a better mindset then I was.
Great food, excellent service, misinterpretation of the groupon which was later cleared up with staff. The food is very tasty and the drink girls are very helpful and informative. The house beef is absolutely delicious. First time reviewing, definitely NOT the last time eating there.
Chose Pampas for our wedding reception dinner, and we had a great experience for our first Brazilian BBQ!!!  It is wise to reserve in advance, and when we checked in, they said it would be 30 mins. to wait, but to our surprise, they had a table for us in less than 5 mins...  Not sure if it was because we were still in our wedding clothes, but hey, it's nice to receive great customer service anywhere!  

I love the concept of Brazilian BBQ, and we were always being waited on by the roving servers with the skewers of delicious and tender meats, large shrimp and the palate cleansing grilled pineapple, which was very sweet and helped with digestion of all the food...  The cold and hot food buffet was really good because it was not overwhelming and had stuff that went well with everything we were served.

I thank them for their excellent service, as well as the delicious food!  They now have a repeat customer in my wife and I, and since she doesn't have Pampas in NY, I have one close to me in Palo Alto, CA, and may head there for a taste treat!  Only thing is that you should be there with an empty stomach, because it's difficult to say "no" or turn your card over to the red side, all due to the quality of the food...

We had a coupon from Vegas Values, which you can find in all taxi cabs in Las Vegas.  It is for a buy one, get one free meat, steak and shrimp buffet dinner.  Regular price is about $64, but with the coupon, it goes down to $32 per person, which is more than worth it!  Thanks, Pampas for making our wedding reception a great one!
TLDR: go to fogo de chao or texas de brazil instead. service=inattentive. food=not memorable. 

This whole thing started when we went to a tix4tonight booth (not my idea) & bought $3 50% off coupons. Decent restaurants in Vegas don't & won't give 50% off (unless you're a high-roller, then you get lotsa freebies!), so right there you know this was a questionable decision. 

Service: we had to wait 15 minutes when we had a reservation. We were seated & told to wait...thank goodness my hangry ass took the initiative to get up & start on the salad bar or who knows how long we would've been just sitting...& waiting. Various meats weren't coming around frequently enough. We told the manager (I assume) & to his credit, he really tried to make us happy by checking on us & sending his men wielding skewered meats our way. 

I tried the grilled pineapple & picanha style of steak...great caramelization on the beef. Bf tried all the meats & he would give it 3 stars. 

Salad bar had the basics; nothing stood out as exceptional. Mozzarella & tomato salad, cheesy bread, & rice w/ feijoada were all 3-stars. 

~ $25/person & I'm mad about every dollar of it! (I told my bf if we'd pay regular price for this, I would've caused a scene.)
Meat was little bit salty, but enjoyable.
However, the server didn't come that often, especially after 1 hr staying.
I couldn't get grilled layer as other customers usually take their portion on its way back to my seat. (I guess thatz how they save expense)

Salad bar was two thumbs up for its wide selection along with good taste. Love its penne and cheese bread.
We ate here after being quite the connoisseurs of churrascarias. We have been to quite a few and they all have the same theme, which goes as follows...

One is greeted by their waiter before heading over to the "salad bar". (Calling it a salad bar is an insult because it's so much more.) You get your "salad" and start to enjoy the gourmet offerings of artichoke hearts, asparagus, fresh cheese, marinated mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes.

When that is finished, one is given a clean plate and the red/green card on the table is flipped to green meaning "Bring on the meats!"

During this course, men with large skewers of roasted beef, chicken, lamb, and pork take turns delivering their goodness to your table.

After you have eaten yourself into oblivion, you flip your card to red. This is the equivalent of waving a white flag on the battlefield.

Depending on how much you want to suffer during the next six hours, you can peruse their dessert offerings.

The entire time this is happening, your waiter is being attentive to your needs.

Yeah. This is NOT how things happen at Pampas. 

First, be VERY careful when walking in this restaurant. The stone-tiled floor is greasy so it is very slippery. The table even moved when touched because the floor is so greasy.

Despite the floor, our meal started out ok enough. We went to the "salad bar" for that course of the meal. After it was clear that we were finished with that, our waiter took our plates.

So we sat waiting for clean plates. (Insert crickets chirping here.) Waiting, waiting, waiting...

We finally flagged down our waiter and asked for clean plates, we were told that we were supposed to use the small, oblong utensil plate for our meats. No, no, no....we want a real plate, please.

Ok, we now have real plates. Now the meat comes. This was the only decent part of the meal. The meat was cooked to our liking and we gorged like round, little piglets.


If you are a fan of the other churrascarias like Fogo, you will be HUGELY disappointed here.

Here are the grades for this experience:

Overall experience: D-
Service: C-
Food: C+
We had a Groupon deal.

On a Friday night, I was surprised to see it was not very busy.  For the price, I thought it was very good.  Some meat was better than others, but there was a great selection.  They didn't bring the salmon out very frequently, but we were so full by then that it was ok.  The cheese cake was freezer burned on one end, but it was so big that we couldn't finish it anyway.  Our mojitos didn't seem to have much alcohol in them and kind of tasted like lemonade.  We thought all of the wait-staff were nice.  I laughed out loud when a server literally reached through some plants to slide a side of house-baked chips onto our table.  It was like we were being sneak-attacked with carbs.
Horrible. Do not eat here. I felt sick afterwards, and my girlfriends mom got really sick later that night. Service was horrible. And very overpriced for what you get.
A ton of food for the money, usually better in the weekends when the salad bar portion is better stocked.

Service is prompt and efficient if not overly friendly.

Located at the end of the fashion mall near the south exit
By far the worst Brazilian steakhouse.I have ever been to all the meat was dry all the food was very over cooked and not very fresh. The salad bar was okay. I was sucked in by a coupon deal. But even for half off this place was terrible. The service was terrible and when I complained to a manager they looked at me like I was crazy. The woman who claimed to be the new manager told me that she sent over some free dessert but when the desert came it was terrible as well and she acted like I could never be happy. I appreciate the offer but my point was to let her know that the food was terrible. But she just didn't get it. offering me a cheap desert on top of a bad meal does not make everything better so why should I be happy. she actually had the nerve to tell me she didn't think I could ever be happy because you offered me a free dessert and I still do not feel satisfied. Giving me a cheap tasteless dessert on top of a bad meal does not make everything okay. Probably the worst customer service I have ever encountered along with a terrible meal highly suggest you never go here.
This churrascaria sucks. Meat is served only in about 10mins intervals. And the quality of meat is not very good. They serve grilled pineapple all the time. Big disappointment, left the place still hungry :-(
The majority of the reviews I have read about Pampas are pretty dead on.  Variety of meats, most were very good, some were tough, but the bacon wrapped chicken was terrific - tender and tasty. The negative that lowered my star rating was that the staff was cold and unfriendly.  Our server was inattentive and could never be found for drink refills or our bill when we needed to leave.  Only one of about a half-dozen meat servers was friendly and eager to please.  He was the only server that was older. The young kid servers were a horrible representation for the establishment.  

If they could clean up their act with their staff, I believe they would get 4+. Stars on their overall scores.
PAMPAS CHURRASCARIA
Decent Brazilian buffet of meat heaven!!!  Meat meat meat! Satisfy your meat lust by dining here at Pampas and savoring all the delicious meat on sticks, including steak, pork, and chicken. The salad bar is enticing and the roasted pineapples are a wonder. Bring your appetite. Walk in, but roll out. I've had better Brazilian buffets, but it's good enough to make your tummy happy.
Two thumbs up! Great service! Great food! Must try! 
-Daniel j group 2 culture and cuisine
Went for my class fab 333 ! Great experience great food! Had a great time with the class love it ! Self service but yet good service in the drink side !
Awesome service! Loveeeee their salad bar! Would come here again :D



Culture & Cuisine class Stella Kim
AMAZING! Definitely will come back

(Culture cuisine/Erin Cho/Group 9)
Nice decor and services. The salad bar is variety and great! There are many options from salads to breads.   

Culture & Cuisine Zhenbei Group 8
Meat was delicious and well cooked, there was a wide variety to choose from and it was brought to the table in a timely manner. The buffet had fresh fruit, salads, and seasonal pasta dishes. By far the best part of the meal were the cheesy bread rolls. Service was polite and attentive. Overall a good experience.
Went at 10 tonight with a free entre voucher.  Salmon and veggies were great but mashed potatoes had too much garlic.  I'm not a fan of this style to begin with but when all I could taste was garlic I passed completely.  Husband had the meats and salad bar, said he loved all of it.  Server didnt see us again once we ordered and we had to ask the hostess to find her for our check.  Paid her for the "service" she provided.  Hopefully she will learn to treat her last customer like her first.  Wouldn't come here again unless it was free.  I'd rather spend my money elsewhere since there's many more to choose from in LV.  Disappointing to say the least.
Bad, Worse, Terrible..............Stay away unless you want terrible overcooked food and bad service. Just sad that a restaurant could claim to be this good but treat and prepare food this bad.
The staff is well trained to trickle the meats out slowly when you're eating, then parade them by when you're full. The salad bar was a mass of confusion with no distinctive place to begin and swamped with people. Their specialty of the house (ribeye) was too gristle- to eat both times we saw it. 

Very disappointing for what it cost. Heck, it would still be disappointing for $15 per person.
First off all, I am a very picky person. Usually when I go to a restaurant I care about quality and service, not price. So besides the price of the rodizio, which is fair, and the service, which is also fair for the price you are paying, this place lacks good management. The meats are served cold sometimes, dry, and the Caipirinha is overpriced. I am writing this to everyone who knows what a real Brazilian Churrascaria should be like (especially in Vegas). You will be better off going to Texas de Brazil, Fogo de Chao and Via Brazil (my favorite). Trust me, those restaurants I cited are a little bit more expansive, but a million times better. In addition, where is the manager in this place? Asking me how the service and food is doing on my table??? This place is a joke :/ 
I am a Brazilian foodie dude from Sao Paulo - SP. I know what is good... I should had trusted the reviews on Yelp, which rated this place kind of low and then gone to Via Brazil. But my gf had a Groupon so that's why we tried...

Go to Via Brazil! That's a real Churrascaria that meets my standards of quality food/service in Las Vegas. 

For Brazilians now: Essa Churrascaria ta de brincadeira, ja fui em churrascarias de 15 reais na zona Leste de Sao Paulo que tinham um salad bar 20 maior e melhor, Carnes frescas. Nao eh isso que vc vai encontrar aqui. 

Food from the rodizio is VERY LIMITED. Some of meats served had no salt nor flavor, some were cold, and no Garlic picanha? ??? This place is a joke, it's burning the good reputation of brazilian food. Sorry, but I hope the owned reads it and decide to put a decent manager there........

Two starts because the place looks nice, but the food and management is a joke as I explained above. 

Chef Gordon should visit this place.......
Went there with my girls this past weekend!

We were trying to find a nice spot to eat before leaving to Los Angeles.  We walked through planet hollywood and found this place. And we love meat.  And we were very hungry.  And didn't bother checking yelp reviews. 

$5 off the $20 meat thing, forgot what it was called.  Decor was beautiful, service was great, and the food was good. 

Unlimited salad bar of course was great. My favorite was the mozzarella balls and the tiny little breads. Yummm. 

Now for the meats. I think we tried all 11 of them.  I liked most, loved one, and disliked one. 

The one I loved was their house special. Sorry. Forgot what it was called. But it starts with a P. That, in every Brazilian steakhouse, has the same name and it's their specialty. Yum.  Then the rest I liked. And the one that made me nauseous was the tri tip believe. It left blood on my plate. Don't get me wrong, I like med rare. But d*mn that was raw. Ugh. 

Meats are a bit salty for (everyone's) taste, that is why I give them 4/5. Left me dehydrated. 

Don't let yelp reviews take you away. People are just so picky, they will review this place a 1. Go and try it for yourself!!
This place was amazing !!!! Great customer service and the food was just to die for !!!! They had a complet salad bar with a variety if salads pastas and soups my husband and I got the meat rodizo with the shrimp bottle of wine and spent 100 including tip. Plus they also come around taking a picture of you and your guest for free ... They give you the option of purchasing the picture afterwards... Definitely going back on my next trip to vegas!
This place blows...there's not much else I could say to dress up this review.  If you're expecting some sort of elaborate description of the food and/or service...don't.  You're wasting time reading any further....just stay away from this garbage and try another Brazilian spot
We were here to celebrate my Mother's 75th Birthday on the 21st.  Thank goodness we made reservations otherwise there would of been a long wait.  

The servers were are very nice.  They came around quite frequently.  There were 13 kinds of meats to choice from.  We really enjoy the House Top Sirloin and any thing wrapped with bacon.  The pineapple was a bit sour.  

The salad offered a good variety of salads, soups, hot entrees and fried bananas.  

It's a bit pricey, but was it worth it?  For the experience - yes!
The seafood is not very good.  The shrimp isn't pealed.  Otherwise, the meats were interesting and the service is fun because of the Brazilian style of serving food (they cut the meat at your table).  However, if you suffer from hypertension, heads-up: the sirloin and the tri-tip are VERY salty.

The salad bar is pretty sharp too.

If we paid full price, I would've hated the joint (we got a 50% off voucher).  Oh yeah.  It's pricey.  Plan on about $50-$6- per person.

If you've never done Brazilian style dining, it's a fun way to go.  But we won't be going back for seconds...
It would be great if I could get the best of the best (Pampas) in Seattle. The service by Dave was efficient and entertaining
The meat let me know what the word Carnivore is all about. Great place. Use the
The best things I tried were the grilled chicken and the Brazilian fish stew. I really don't think that the Bacon - wrapped filet mignon was really filet. The food was ok overall, not great. The problem was that the restaurant is not clean. The booth bench seat was greasy and I refused to sit unless they cleaned it. Instead the hostess sat us nearby and they never did clean it in the hour we were there. The salad bar was also a complete mess. Ah well. Feeding the masses in Vegas I guess. Would not return.
If you like being lied to and treated with disrespect look no further. 

We paid $500 for a party of 4 on new years eve. It was pretty good, not as good as fugo de chao but we got lucky THAT TIME. 

The next night we called ahead and were told that if we showed up in 15 minutes they were not very busy. We were within the casino so we ran right over and were told 15 to 20 minute wait by a liar that claimed her name was lyzette.  She was latin with short  straight hair tied back in a pony tail.   Big smart attitude.

After waiting half an hour and after seeing many people being seated that arrived after us I got up to see how long it would take. Lyzette the liar that probably made up the name said we were next. Then she kept calling more people in front of us so my wife confronted her again. She got a little nasty and argumentative  with my wife. We were then called and they tried to punish us by attempting to seat us in the bar which is a mile from the salad bar. We said we were offered a bar seat when we first arrived but wanted to sit in the restaurant.   That is why we waited to begin with. They made us wait another 10 minutes until I asked to see the manager who tried to seat us in the bar again. We walked out. 

These people do not deserve your hard earned money. They are rude jerks. Go to fugo de chao and vote these losers out by not going to their arrogant restaurant. If you want to be dismissed by a lying disrespectful child at the front desk then by all means spend your money with these ungrateful people.  Ill never dine there again and I will email all my friends in vegas to tell them to stay away.
The only reason to go here is because you can get half price from the tickets tonight place. 

If you really want good Brazilian steak... Then you're better off going to one of the more popular and expensive ones.

If you're on a budget and you want a good buffet with a lot of Brazilian style meets that are average... This is the place to go. But I would not go and pay full price... It is best to go get the half-price discount vouchers.

The salad bar is underwhelming it is not like the more popular Brazilian steakhouse is like Fogo de Chao .

The fillet and other meats are also not top-quality meats...
This is probably my fourth Churrascheria that I have visited in the US, and I must say it is the worst I have been at. I got a groupon so the bill was not as hurtful but it was still astronomically expensive for the poor quality in presentation, taste and preparation of the food. First, the salad bar choices were so poor. Not enough variety and the quality and presentation was lacking (wilted lettuce, fruit platters not pleasing to the eye, etc). Second, the main room arrangement is really uncomfortable, we were very close to the tables next to us and the servers seemed contracted and tight, made the experience tight and rushed. Third, the meats were OK. The picanha was the only worthy meat cut other than that everything tasted like beef shoulder. The seafood was nasty and I was not able to hold my salmon down. Never got the chance to try the mussels or shrimp after I got sick but my mother tasted them and she said it was not pleasing at all and that she did not understand the surf and turf concept with is NOT brazilian. The only positive about this place is location, inside a beautiful created Italian Backalley in Planet Hollywood. However, I would not recommend this place and certainly would not return. Sorry!
I had a great time at Pampas! The food was delicious and the servers just kept it coming. My favorite meat was the lamb with balsamic vinegar reduction. Usually I think lamb is greasy and fatty. However, Pampas chose a nice cut and cooked it perfectly. It was tender and had hardly any fat on it. 
The only thing they didn't have were chicken hearts. I don't know if they were out or if they even offer that normally. (I know their menu changes)
I would recommend Pampas to travelers looking for a fun restaurant and in the mood to over indulge a bit. Honestly, everything was delicious. I could hardly move after my meal. I think I'm still full actually.
Without counting the garlic sirloin all  the other cuts need more flavor.  There's a good variety of cold and hot sides at the salad bar. The restaurant is kind of tucked away in the shops level and doesn't really get crowded.
Not the best, but certainly not the worst 

Stand outs: the salad bar.  Really.   The salads were quite good, and the bar also had a really great mozzarella.

The best itself wasn't the best, but definitely better than average.

The fish though... The mahi mahi just wasn't up to snuff
Horrible. Everything on the salad bar looked like it was either canned or sold in bulk. The place is run down and dark inside. The meats weren't memorable either. There is a reason they are practically giving away dinners here (any discount magazine, Planet Hollywood front desk, or online coupon sites).  Never too return again.
I suppose we are spoiled - we frequent Texas De Brazil on a regular basis, so we thought we would branch out and try a different churrascaria.  When Pampas put out a Groupon, we jumped.  But we won't be back.  
We made a reservation, and checked in a few minutes early.  A couple arrived after us, was quoted a ten minute wait for no reservation, and was seated before us.  Really?!  
The salad bar was mediocre and the cheese bread was self-serve.  The surf part of the surf and turf rodizio was salmon, mussels, shrimp with the shells on, and weirs tasting mahi.  The carved meats were pretty good - top sirloin and tri-tip.  Sausage was good as well.  Hubby ate the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin with Caesar salad.  
Our servers were attentive, and even attempted to fix our wobbly table.  But for the price, I'd rather spend a few extra bucks and go back to TDB.
This place is good with all the different meats that come to your table. It's expensive for what it is. I feel like they can offer better meat or cuts of meat. I've had better food at places in la. The salad bar is nice but I feel like food spoils fast there since all the bins with food in it don't have temperature Regulators
Always a stop when I am in Vegas. Love the lamb with the balsamic reduction!

I don't visit the salad bar because I don't want to fill up on that stuff and miss the awesome meats.  I don't know why but the grilled pineapple is always a hit not to mention a wonderful palette cleanser!  I don't know what all of the haters on yelp are talking about bit I have never been let down by this place yet. And no, my relatives don't own the joint.
We got a really great deal from Travelzoo for this place and since my wife and I love the whole Brazilian steakhouse, we tried it out.  First, it's a bit of a tight squeeze in that place. They need more organization.  We made a reservation and was not seated for a good 20 min after we arrived.  Can you say, RUDE? 

The salad bar had quite good selections, but it makes you wonder if most of the stuff they put there was intentional (to make you full quicker).  There's seafood options (although not very good).  Their mahi mahi and most of their meat lack flavor. Actually there was a couple of meat that was TOO salty, but it beats the hell out of bland.  Our coupon included dessert which I'm sad to say was too rich and sweet.  I think that after an abundance of meat and protein, something soft and not overwhelming should be dessert choices.  But unfortunately, they didn't have the "refreshing" dessert choices.  

All in all it was just okay.  My winner is still FOGO DE CHAO.
My friends got a meal voucher for this place so we went. We had a 6 reservation and were not sat until 6:10. My friends ordered the meat courses and I ordered the catch of the day. The meat came out way to quickly. People were constantly trying to put more food on their plates. My fish was unevenly cooked and tough in places. It was a huge piece of salmon and nearly flavorless. The beef my friends had was tough and not very good either. Overall the staff were not very professional or well coordinated. I wouldn't go back especially not for the price.
Decent price for ayce ($15). Be sure to check in to get the $5 off deal. Probably wouldn't go here again by choice, as the only meats I enjoyed was the chicken and the sausage.
I've been here twice with a Groupon and never had a problem. The first time my husband and I came in August '13 they had a person going around taking a photo of each party and then they gave it to you for free on a 4x6. I had made reservations and were seated right away. We got the full surf and turf rodizio with the endless salad/soup bar. The caesar salad was not the greatest but the mashed potatoes were amazing. The broccolini and the marinated carrots were good as well. The meats were very flavorful and I was stuuuuffed afterwards. The mahi mahi and the shrimp were my favorite. For dessert we got the cheesecake and it was amazing and rich,

This time I went in early Jan '13 when there was way less of a crowd with my mom. Again, I made reservations and was seated right away. We got the same deal as last time I went and it was again, amazing. No guy with the camera though.
Yeah, so this is a long review... but you'll understand why.

Came with a friend on a Saturday afternoon.  We each had vouchers for a  lunch, just the basic meats, which was fine by me.  I love me some all you can eat anything!  And Brazilian bbq?  What's not to love?

We were pretty excited when we arrived that there were lots of tables open (pretty sure we just beat the lunch rush as it was almost 1:00 when we arrived) so we thought we'd be seated immediately, if not soon.  We were told 15 minutes to wait.  Why?  More than 75% of the place was free and there were more than enough employees walking around chit chatting.  Several were obviously servers that were standing in the corner talking, hostesses standing at the front with menus but not seating anyone.

So we wait.  Moments later, a small party comes in stating they have reservations for 1:00 for 5 people.  I overhear the hostess tell them that they had to wait 20-25 minutes for their table to be ready.  REALLY?  What was the point of making the reservation?

1:30 rolls around and they finally seat us. (30 minutes later.) The party with reservations gets seated 15 minutes after we do in the same section that hardly had anyone seated.  SUCKS SO FAR.  (For them too, I'm sure.)

As we're seated, the hostess tells us our server will be there in a moment to take our drink orders.  20 minutes later, our server walks by as he's saying "Hi, I'll be right back to take your drink order" as his voice fades with him walking away.  We get no chance to say anything.  All we wanted was water.  Come on.

I say screw it, let's start at the salad bar.  (Oh yeah, none of the meat has come to our table yet, 30 minutes seated with no service?) however we see the guys walking out of the kitchen and taking it to another section of the restaurant that seems to be getting much more attention than the side we were on.)  We make it back from the salad bar, and still no water.  Server arrives another 10 minutes later to take our drink order.  2 waters.  Another 10 minutes and the first meat guy comes around.  2 pieces of sirloin (one for my friend, one for me, wasn't bad at all) was all get got until the next guy came around 10 minutes later.  (It took our server another 15 minutes to bring us the waters from taking the order.)

Overall, we arrive before 1:00 and don't leave until about 3:50.  One glass of water (server never refilled) and 6 pcs. of meat for each of us.  Averaged 15-20 minutes to get a piece of meat.

To top it off?  I had a voucher which the server insisted he knew which to take as he does it all the time with these vouchers.  Now, our vouchers were attached to our bus tour vouchers.  I asked him if he was sure he had the right one.  Dude gave me a look of attitude and said "Look, I do this all the time, don't worry about it."  MISTAKE.

I go outside where our tour bus stop is (Thank you lord that is was right there) and as I try to get on, the guide tells me I have the wrong vouchers.  So I go back to the restaurant.  Hostess ignores me as she stands there looking at a piece of paper.  Another hostess walks up and fianlly asks if she can help me.  I let her know that the server took the wrong voucher and I couldn't get on my tour bus.  She says she'll speak with the server and check with him.  She comes back with an attitude, as if I'd accused them of something totally crazy, telling me that the server was sure he took the right one.  Our server never came out and the hostess was about to just brush it off.  I asked to speak to a supervisor who FINALLY came out.  I believe her name was HEATHER, or something close to it.  I gave her the same details, she came back with the same answer.  The server took the right voucher.  I asked to see the voucher he took, and after rolling her eyes and sighing outloud, she said hold on and walked away.  She came out this time with the actual receipt and vouchers the server took.  Low and behold!  SERVER TOOK THE WRONG VOUCHER.  I told her the one she had was the one I needed.  She insisted STILL that she had the correct one.  I had to finally take a stand and get a firm with her and said "LOOK!" And pointed to the print, details, etc. to prove that they took the wrong one.  When she finally realized it, she looked at me again, rolled her eyes, then still had the nerve to ask me, "So this is the one you need?"  WTF?!?!?!  I tell her yes please, she tears off the voucher off the receipt and as I'm doing to same to give her the correct one for her records, she snatches it out of my had, doesn't say another word, and walks away.  No "sorry for the mix up".  No "sorry for my attitude as well as for the attitude of my employees".  No "sorry you missed your tour due to our incompetence". No "Thanks from saving us from an issue!"

JUST DON'T GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANNA BE RIPPED OFF AND TREATED LIKE CRAP.  ESPECIALLY SINCE THEY LOVE TO GIVE ATTITUDE.  I wonder if that's why their service is so bad, their management is terrible!
We came  for lunch.  Salad bar was good and the choices diverse enough.  The meat was o.k., but not outstanding.  Service was o.k., but not great.  Overall, I would probably go back for lunch, but I'm not sure if there is enough value for dinner, as the restaurant is a bit pricey for what they give you.
The atmosphere was pretty good. It was interesting to see their sliding glass walls to open up the seating outside however I wasn't impressed with the fake plants everywhere. 

The service was great, the waitress that we had was very attentive and made sure that we had what we needed to be comfortable. 

There were a couple of things I didn't like about Pampas; first, someone from the restaurant offered to take a "complimentary" picture of us. We agreed and ten minutes later she came back out and gave us a small picture with a 10% off our next meal discount. That wasn't the bad part - she also brought out two larger pictures, one with a Vegas themed border and one without for a price...what is this!? I just wanted to eat at your restaurant, I didn't want to be sucked into a sales ploy...


Second, I ordered the salmon sandwich with ceasar salad and it was TERRIBLE. There was NO flavor, the bun was dripping with grease and the cheese was so thick I almost chocked on it. The ceasar salad did not taste like a ceasar salad at all! In fact the only thing I could taste was lettuce and the fake parmesan cheese that it was doused in. Not only that but an hour later I was feeling sick wondering if I was going to vomit or not. My husband had the steak sandwich and the steak was tough, there was NO flavor and again the cheese was incredibly thick. 

Would I go back? No. There's too many options that are 100 times better than this for half the price in a five mile radius alone.
There really any good cuts of beef and the selection is limited. The piece of Chicken I had is really not too fresh in my opinion.  The veggies are old and not fresh. If u do decide to give this place a try make sure you ask for discount in front of the restaurant or talk to your hotel concierge. They may be able to combine your meal with a show for less.   Desert is not included!
I was here right after my visit to Brazilian and this was so much better than the ones I had in Brazil.  I was in Brazil for two weeks and had many BBQ but for my taste I like it here so much better.  I think this place is better than FoGo de chao in Brazil. My husband also agreed.  What I don't understand is how they got a such a low rating.  I loved it. Best I had so far in the states and brazil.  The very best I had was actually in Mexico
We had reservations but still had to wait 30 minutes, the waitress was hard to understand, with a heavy accent.the food was plentiful and it continued, the salad bar wa s adequate we added the seafood extra, a lot of the meet was way overcooked
avoided a long wait by sitting at the bar but still received full rodizio service and lovely bar service. Highly recommend the roasted chicken- cooked to absolute perfection. Everything I had was delicious, especially the marinated olives, roasted asparagus, mashed potatoes, and the little cheese rolls from the buffet.
First time at restaurant and got a deal for dinner on Groupon for $65.00. I made reservations for 7:15. We got to the restaurant at 7:05 checked in with the front and they told me it would be about 10 minutes. No problem we went and walked out in front entrance for there was no seating inside but stood by the entrance. We had been waiting for about 15 minutes and walked back to check if they had our table. The front desk asked me for my name again and said have a seat. About another 15 min go by and they finally called our name and the host had told me they called my name already and another guest had taken our reservation and was seated. No big deal it happens. We waited almost 10 minutes for a server to come to our table. He just took our drink order and walked away. We sat there not knowing what to do here and how it worked. He finally came back after a long time had passed with our drinks and explained what we were to do. Salad bar was very delicious but I was not too happy about the meat carvers. We only had 4 to 5 different carvers to table and 2 was the same meat. We has one serving of shrimp/salmon and one serving of pineapple. We were there for an hour and a half from time of checking in and eating. I would never pay full price for this place for customer service is terrible. The salmon was absolutely terrible. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
Skip this place and go to Texas de Brazil! The food is mediocre and the quality of the meat here is not the best. The hot good in the salad bar area left a lot to desire.  
If you pay extra for the seafood option you will regret it. We were with a large party and the waiter received at least $400 tip, way too much for the service he provided. Won't be back.
I was there with 7 of my friends, we made a bill of $600, were sitting there for 2 hours and than the manager came to us to say we should leave the table as we "were sitting for too long". All of use left pissed off.
I have never given a restaurant a bad review before. For the price you would expect something great...not the case. The meat was mostly too tough to chew and the seafood was overcooked. I will say that the Pork and the Pineapple were very good. Also I will say that the manager was very accommodating.
All in all, I am not going back.
Groupon! Saved so much money by using it. We looked at the final bill and was like wowwww. 

This was a very unique experience for me and my boyfriend. I've never had waiters/waitresses come table to table with meats and assortments. I was a huge fan of their seafood such as the mussels, which I couldn't get enough of! There was a lot of assortment of meats and they had an open salad bar. The meats I tried were all good, I felt some were too salty for me to really enjoy. I really liked the french onion soup they had also, yummy! Enjoyable/delicious!
I think this was one of the best meals I had in Vegas! Lots of different kinds of meat and an excellent salad bar. The service was amazing!  Pampas has a great staff. I recommend making a reservation - we were there on a Sunday night and it was CRAZY!
Went to Pampas three times and finally decided to write a review. The first time was a special date night with my wife, the second with a wedding reception and the third was a family reunion. The food was average when compared with other Brazilian steakhouses in Vegas. You can get a great deal on restaurant.com. The meats were average, but the pineapple was amazing. The salad bar was mediocre. For the price and with the coupons it was still a great deal and a wonderful time with friends and family. It's a step above Yolies but a couple of steps below Texas De Brazil, and even further from Fogo De Chao.
We got a groupon for the BigBus and lunch.. and this is what we got. The salad bar was pretty big and they also had fried shrimp, artichoke hearts, fried rice, and everything you can put in a salad.. but the best part was the parade of meats. They had chicken, steak, tri-tip, pork, and ham.. oh yea and roasted pineapple. . I wiuld do this again but never without a groupon its expensive!!
I've been dying to try a Brazilian steakhouse for awhile so when I noticed that there was a Groupon for Pampas that was valid when we were going to be in Vegas, I jumped on it. I purchased the lunch deal which included two all-you-can-eat meals of meat, seafood and salad bar, plus one alcoholic drink per person and one dessert to share. It ended up being a great deal!

We checked out the salad bar first and I was slightly disappointed by it. I was expecting more of a green salad bar and less of the pre-made pasta salads. The Caesar salad was soggy, which seemed odd considering that the restaurant had just opened less than 30 minutes before. The standouts of the salad bar for me were the garlic mashed potatoes and chicken noodle soup, which I found helped to give me a stomach a relaxing break from all the delicious meats. 

And speaking of the meats, those steaks were amazing! Both the tri-tip and the top sirloin were melt-in-your-mouth delicious! As others have mentioned, they're rather salty but I, for one, have a salty tooth so I was in heaven! I loved having the meat carved right at our table and being able to have as much as I could fit in my tiny stomach. 

Unfortunately, the other meat was mainly pig-based and I don't eat pig so I skipped the ham, pork loin  and even the bacon-wrapped chicken. I tried a chicken leg but didn't care for it. Besides, the steaks were too good to bother with anything else.
 
Thanks to Yelp, I read how amazing Pampas' grilled pineapple was and I knew to request some. I think that they usually bring it by your table but after 30 minutes, we had yet to see any. We asked our waitress and she notified the kitchen to bring it out. It was so sweet and delicious and balanced the rest of our meal perfectly. 

Our meal ended with a choice of one of four desserts. I'm probably an odd one out here but none of the four choices (cheesecake, chocolate cake, flan and tiramisu) appealed to me. I'm more of a pie or ice cream kind of girl. I would have chosen the chocolate cake, even though I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but my boyfriend wanted to try the flan so I let him have it. I was too stuffed from my meaty meal to have much room for dessert anyway. 

All in all, I'd definitely come back with another Groupon next time I'm in Vegas.
I will NEVER go back. My brother took me once and we had a great experience. My husband and I purchased the groupon deal for the last time and wow it was awful. We sat in the crowded room with oyr table about a foot away from the next table, so there was no privacy. We sat THERE FOR 15 MINUTES until I asked one of the many people walking back and forth if we could get some service.  The couple sitting next to us got so upset they left. We had already paid so we decided to stay. The drinks were EXTREMELY sour, like it was the bartenders first day. The mashed potatoes had no flavor and all the meat was cold, chewy and flavorless. Worst money ever spent on a restaurant. Pick fogo de chao or texas de brazil instead.
My husband and I loved Pampas Churrascaria! I have been on cruises and  the amount of food I consumed at on a cruise does not even compare to the expanded waistband I received at Pampas. Their surf and turf option makes this Brazilian steakhouse unique to Las Vegas. The service was incredible and the tables are close enough that you can socialize with the guests on either side. There are almost always groupons or coupons in the entertainment book for this restaurant! I highly recommend this steakhouse.
Love this place, I'm never disappointed and the price is really affordable.
Terrible, Terrible, Terrible. The meat was overcooked, the service was just ok. And when I asked for better prepared meat the manager came over and basically offered no help. There are many other choices in town and this one is a waste of time and money, Even with their coupon.
I was a little hesitant to go to this place based on the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. We got the $24.95/person price from tix4tonight which was an awesome deal! 

The salad bar had a lot of good items such as the garlic mashed potatoes and the strawberry salad.  We had been to a Brazilian steakhouse before so we knew there wasn't going to be a lot of items to make your own salad. 

The meats that I ate were delicious! The tri tip and flank steak were my favorites! I would definitely come here again especially being able to eat here at half price.
Pampas is the best Brazilian steak house by far! Been here 2x's. I've been to quite a few in Los Angeles, nothing comes close to pampas. They have a good slection of pasta, salads and soups. Their cheese bread is my favorite. Good customer service, servers are always walking around so you don't have to wait around to be fed. Fast and very satisfying. Walked out with happy tummies.
This place is exactly what you think it is: meat, meat, meat, and more flipping meat. 

Ps they have an incredible salad bar but the server stated when we sat down that we shouldn't waste our time with it. I did anyway and have 0 regrets. I have never enjoyed braised kale so much. 

I went here last night with a group of about 20 people. We ordered the meat buffet (all you can eat) and bottomless drinks, which is always awesome. 

We were served by a lovely gentleman who was quite attentive and considerate. I left there full and satisfied with my experience. 

At one point we had a few lovely ladies (I only caught one name: Carla) bring us a traditional Brazilian drink which to me tasted like a raspberry daiquiri. It was really, really, delicious.

Clean atmosphere, nice people, delicious food (fillet minion wrapped in bacon anyone?) I would def come here again.
This place had so many promoters giving out 2 for 1 coupons for dinner shouldve found that fishy in the first place, u dont see people promotin wolfgang puck. They all said it was delicious n we never leave vegas without a buffet so we decided to give it a try. Anyways decided to check it out. Hostess was very nice, server made us feel very unwelcomed.  

The way the restaurant is set up is really weird. You have to walk to the other side of the restaurant to get to the buffet. 

Every single thing from the buffet was bland. The meats that were brought to your table are mostly medium rare or rare. So if ur not into bloody meats stay away from here. The only meat that was good was the tri-tip. 

I would never go back, there was nothing really i liked and i felt so unwelcomed. 

Try elsewhere,

Enjoy vegas.
If you are looking to eat a great variety of meat, DO NOT EAT LUNCH here.
The salad bar is great, but during lunch the service wasn't that great.

I noticed several customers sitting at the bar, only to be ignored by at least 4 staffs members, in Vegas everybody assumes that the bars are open too. It wouldn't be a big deal to have a bartender mix the drinks and let the servers do their job, and not Going behind the bar to make a caipirinha.

The selection of meat was
Picanha
Chicken wrapped on bacon
Ham
Tri-tip

And 
Pineapple

The house was busy and the meat servers skipped tables while serving , well we're there to eat meat... Even though only 5 kinds I excepted more quantity and VARIETY.

Just a few adjustment on management and I will revise this review.
Decent salad bar, mediocre service, and tasty meats make up a nice eating experience at Pampas. It's not Texas de Brasil but neither is the price. Be sure to get your tickets and reservations from Tix4Tonight to save about $7. Lunch came in around $16 per person with a simple drink.
Yuck! Every meat was tried, none were liked.  Very expensive. Dinner with a glass of cheap wine was $140 for two.  Service was fair at best.  There are far too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste your money on this place. I live and work on the strip and will tell everyone not to visit this place.
I've hit every Brazilian "churrascaria" in town, even every one in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil...and Pampas, BY FAR...ranks bottom of the barrel in food quality...the 3 other ones in Vegas are far superior.

If you come here and pay full price you are silly...as they have 2 for 1 offerings all over town and on the internet if you search long enough...and THAT is reason enough to try it out and think, well, $20-$25 per person is somewhat reasonable as their competition in town seldom offers deals and you end up paying over $120 for two (tax +tip) but for far better quality and excellent salad bar.

Service:
The last time I was here, we sat for over 7 minutes to start out our meal before we had a "gaucho" come over ready to carve out some meat...and they aren't that personable like in some other places, kind of robotic.

The salad bar doesn't have much...throw a couple hearts of palm on my plate and I'm done...not going to fill up on fettuccini alfredo.

The best cut of meat for me was the leg of lamb and the balsamic vinegar mix they use to sauce it over, but of course that came around once over the course of an hour and we were sitting in the middle of the room.

The filet mignon is bacon wrapped and too salty and extremely tough for what is supposed to be the most tender cut of meat...and I hope you like it medium-well because that's all they had.

If you can find a coupon, I'd say give it a shot, but if you want quality and really good food try Fogo De Chao, Texas De Brazil and Via Brasil here in Vegas. 

The quality of meat at Pampas vs. it's local competition is like night and day.
Yes service was slow at first. But then they got on point. Food was very fresh. Delicious and appealing to the eye.  Don't load up on salad bar you will get full easily. Go during lunch we went when b they first opened in the late morning and the food was just out of the oven.
It was a class field trip. Our professor ordered food for us all. Their barbecued sausage was very tasty. It smelled so good and tasted special. The steak was very tender and juicy. It was also my first time having cooked pineapple. Kind of wired but turned out not bad. The salad bar was just so so. Staple food, vegetables, and fruits were provided as in a buffet. In general, it is a good place for meat lover!
I had a nice buffet here last Monday. There are many choices, salad, vegies, and great Brazilian roasts served by the table. The location is convenient too, right next to the Valet Parking of the casino. I got a table by the coner, should have chosen the seats by the entrance - look comfy. Anyway, highly recommended this place if you go to Planet Hollywood!
I went to there with my friends last week. The meat is good. And they have salad bar. The grilled pineapple is good.
There's a lot to say about this restaurant but I'll keep short and simple. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is calm and relaxing. You can already smell the food when you walk inside. There's a salad bar that has a variety of side dishes to eat; from cold cuts to pasta, and even soups. I enjoyed some of  the side dishes but I wouldn't fill up on those. When it comes to the meat, it overall good. Their steaks to their grill pineapples were all enjoyable to eat. Its definitely a place you would to go to with a friend. The service itself was okay, like a typical restaurant. If you're in the area, definitely take a look for yourself.
Been here several times , nothing too special.  The salad bar is decent but not a big hit , meat is often either rare or dry and burned . We have had a few good servings of meat and when it's good its good .Service was always great for us and they keep the meat coming nonstop. I have to agree with others though the coupons keep me coming back.
i give this place a 3 rating, due to lack of service. i asked for refill and took them so long just for a refill, food is ok, leg of lamb is ok, but not much of a variety as other churrasquerias.
We did not eat here, we stopped in here on a Friday night for the latin night dancing.  The service was terrible.  It appeared to be open seating as no one said anything to us as we walked in.  No welcome, no one offering to help us find a seat even though they had the restaurant nearly pitch black for the dj lighting affects.  We had chosen to sit at a table near the dance area.  The girl that finally came to take a drink order after about 20 minutes would not even speak English, she kept trying to talk to is in Spanish... Not sure if that was because my fianc is latin, but it was a little frustrating because the music was very loud, and hard to hear her.  Then she didn't even bring my fianc what he had asked for :(!!! We got up to dance a little and the manager began to give our table away, when we let him know that we were sitting there he very rudely informed us that those tables were for bottle service only.  So we moved... Even our drinks because the waitress didn't inform us of that.  

The dj however was pretty good.  The only thing we didn't like was that he played several of the same genre of song in a row.  But the salsa songs, merengue songs, and bachata he played were great!  Great music.  That dj should consider playing at a place with a legitimate dance floor and better service.  

The bit of dancing was fun, and others seemed to be having a wonderful time.  And the location within the miracle mile shops was great... That mall has a great atmosphere and nice selections.
This place is awesome I'm every way, 5 min after being seated we already got our food. Fresh and tender melt in your mouth steaks. The seafood was ok but if return for the steak and chx alone.
Having dinner here was an error in judgement. After a busy day we had a later dinner & there were not a lot of options. 

I've been to a few if this style of dining in other cities and really enjoyed it however this one missed the mark. 

Salad Bar - decent good with some variety 

Meats - most were chewy and lacking flavour with the exception of the lamb. 

Surf- a seafood mixed grill plate. Salmon was mentioned but wasn't on the plate. Grey meat, limp shelled, cold grab. Ok shrimp. 

Pineapple this is what we cave for. It was not the lovely caramelized version I'm used to but charred lukewarm fruit. 

Staff - served by Andreas. (sp?) and he was attentive & courteous. The guys that brought the assorted meats were all pleasant. I am writing thus review while still at Pampa. We are seated near the bar. At the bar are some off duty staff including some that did not work today. I know this because they are drunk and speaking so loudly we can hear their entire conversation....including profanity every fourth word. There is a reason that most places don't allow staff to drink on site.

Basically this place survives because people sometimes like us don't make dinner plans early enough and end up here. 

If you have another choice go there. I wish we had.
Greasy floor and raw tenderloin. We ate here on May 22 and wish we hadn't!!  Overpriced and lousy salad bar.   Even the coke was terrible. 

We are from Brasil and know good barbecue. Even though the waiters were Brazilian, the food fell fall short of even the lowest-priced places there

The meat selection was limited and cleanliness is clearly not a priority. To top it off the tables rocked. Can't restaurants have stable tables?!?
One of the worst meals ever!  I have been to may great Brazilian barbeque restaurants includin M Grill in Los Angeles and Fogo de Chao and this place is terrible.  They flat out don't bring you any meat and when you ask for the expensive meat they just don't bring it to your table.  When they do bring you meat you wish they didn't bother since it was either overcooked, undercooked or just chewy.   

The service was even worse than the food.  I asked for tri tip three times before they brought me some charred meat that looked and tasted like charcoal.  I asked for a glass of water 2 times and had to go to the bar to get it myself and they simply refused to bring you a clean plate, after asking for one 2 times I gave up. 

The sad reality is they know you are a tourist and you won't be eating in Las Vegas on a regular basis so they don't care if you are happy dining at they restaurant.
Went there with a coupon for buy 1 get 1 free buffet for $19.99 with 3 other people.  Got the bill and it was $110.00.  Found out that the 2 for 1 meant that they cut the price from $44.90 to $19.99 meaning 2 meals for the price of 1.  Poorly worded and misleading coupon.  Service was decent, coupon made me feel otherwise.  Especially after our waiter told us the bill would only be a little more than $44 with the coupon.
Just terrible.  Crappy service, unfriendly waiters.  We had to ask five times for more shrimp.  We got the 2 for 1 coupons and they tried to charge us full price anyways, then took forever to come back with the bill.  We waited over 20 minutes to get our bill back with the correct total before we could leave.  The restaurant is dirty, and clearly not cared for very well.  I should have known better than to take a deal from the street guys, when in Vegas, spend like you're in Vegas and go somewhere that knows how to treat you.
Slow and overall bad service. Server didn't come when my party sat down. Waited 5-10min and we had to flag down someone to get us started. Drinks came pretty slowly as well. Salad bar is alright. Meat was either salty, tough, or overcooked in general. We asked for different types of meat, cause only 4 circulated to us over the 1.5 hours we were there. Tried to pay the bill, had to wait so long just to get it. And forever to get the cards processed too (split bill). Avoid.
If I could give 0 stars I would.  We made a reservation online using opentable and arrived 5 min early... There was a line of people trying to put their name in, so we waited patiently. Multiple people came to the hostess station seeing the line and kind of looked at us all standing there (while the hostess was on the phone with a customer) and would walk away... When we finally got sat, we sat at the table for close to 10 min while the waiter I'm assuming we were supposed to have walked by 3 times saying he would be right over.... We needed up walking out.
Quite simply the worst Brazilian Buffet I've ever had. I've been to a dozen. 

Pros -
Ok price if you get groupon, restaurant.com, or other "deals"
Very clean, great location if you're at Planet Hollywood
Decent food selection

Cons - 

Worst meat cuts of all brazilian steakhouses I've ever experienced
Smaller selection
Dismal poor salad bar comparative to regular brazilian buffets
Service is "rare".  In other steakhouses someone stops by every minute, here you might not have someone stop by for a while, and then you're full and ready to go home - maybe it's their strategy.  

When they do stop by you might not see the same meat cut ever again and since it's not self serve, you're S-out of luck unless you ask them specifically to bring another serving of something you liked, which may take a while. 

This really isn't as much all you can eat as it is "all we think you can eat while we have it by your table". 

But it's not just about quantity, like i said, meat cuts, preparation, and quality aren't nearly what you'd expect from places like Fogo De Chau or Texas De Brazil.  

Pay a little more, and get gazillion more quality, quantity, and far better service.
Though we were there at a slow hour (3 PM) food came by at a pretty good pace.

All the meat was hot and fresh. Some meat was juicy and some was well done. Many varieties of meat. This was our first experience with a Brazilian steak house. It all tasted so fine. 

We also had some of the food from the salad bar and chocolate brownie cake for dessert. It was all so good.
DONT WASTE your money here! The hostess doesn't look happy that we went there. No smiles what-so-ever. Food came to table at a very disappointing pace. The endless shrimps as advertised on coupon never came. Food is mediocre at best. I should have checked Yelp before hand. Definitely the worst restaurant we have had in recent years. PERIOD.
I just went there and try to get a table. First the wait is 30-45 min. You look around and there are many many empty tables!
Second, the hostesses are rude!!! Too much of an attitude toward the clientele!
People is complaining about food being cold! And we witness 2 tables ask for their checks!
Bottom line this place needs better management! Am not coming back until I see better reviews! Las Pampas you guys suck!!!
This was above and beyond the worst Brazilian restaurant ever.  We got seated and waited and waited and waited with no one speaking to us at all.  The place was certainly not crowded and it was at lunchtime.  After about 15 minutes our drink order was taken and we were given no direction or information.  We finally got up from the table and assumed that we were to go to the salad area.  The selection was not good.  Several of the items were labeled as Oriental. In a Brazilian restaurant.  As we were eating, we noticed we didn't have a red/green card on our table.  We asked someone and the busboy looked around, picked a card up OFF THE FLOOR, rubbed it on his pant leg and put it on our table.  After sitting with our card, the first meat came around and the gaucho put the meat down on the tiny plate that was holding my tongs.  I had to ask for a dinner plate.  We were offered pork, ham, pineapple, chicken, sausage, turkey and one type of sirloin.  None were great in any way.  We sat for long periods of time without meat being offered and had to sit with empty plates for quite some time before flagging down someone to request the check.  The only reason it got 2 stars is that it was reasonably priced as far as this type of restaurant goes, and that we liked the cheese buns.  Would never eat there again
I had bought a coupon $55 for the surf and turf and 2 drinks. Thought it would be worth it at that price. The staff were all nice, so the problem was not with them. It's just quality of the meats they serve (not the best). I would say there are places were you could better spend $55. If you really want this type if experience I would recommend Fogo de Chao the food there was top quality.
Amber was great! Very sweet and responsive. Tons of good food and the fact they split checks made a party of 25 super easy. Some of the meat was a little dry tho.
We went to watch the World Cup and we called to inquire about how much it was. They stated that should we get here before the game, it would be twenty bucks. However it would rise to fifty during the game. That was very difficult to believe.  Nonetheless, our server was cool, and all he tried to upsell during our lunch was the seafood. When we saw what it was, we decided to get it next time. 

Food was very good and meat was juicy.   Our check took quite a while cause I had a bogo, but whatever. Our tip was twenty-five percent off the usual price, so for forty dollars, good food and OK service was definitely good for the price.
What makes this a five star restaurant to me is a combination of a few things done very well. First, the staff is as attentive and friendly as any restaurant I've ever been in, and I've been in 47 states and three continents. Second, for those of you who haven't eaten at a Brazilian restaurant, it's different in that you literally get to eat a sample of everything on your menu. In conventional restaurants, you pick one thing on the menu: omlette, steak, fish, whatever.  At Rio Sabor, they bring 11-15 different types of meat cooked on a skewer (Beef(s), chicken, lamb, pork, turkey, sausage,) over a fire to your table.  My favorite is the chicken and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. You pick bite sized portions of what you like, pass on what you don't, and stop when you want to. The wine list is outstanding, particularly the up and coming Argentine and Brazilian wines. The side dishes are outstanding and diverse. The desserts are nice, though I'm usually too full to eat one. Caipirinhas are a must.  Stop in and say hello to Solange, the owner (nice looking, petite blonde woman and founder). Take the kids or a romantic date. It's one of the few places perfect for both. Most of all, bring your appetite and get ready to soak in Brazil in its purest sense!
This is the second time I've been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, and I wasn't disapointed!  I took my partner for dinner last night for his birthday and the food and service were outstanding.  They had the full meat menu - all 11 and roasted pineapple which is out of this world!  I was pleasantly surprised by their sangria as well as it was made with passion fruit.  Deliciosos!  Well worth the experience and expense!
I have to admit, Rio Sabor gained my interest.
We went to Rio Sabor on Valentine's Day for a late dinner. The food was awesome and the grilled pineapple stood out amongst the grilled fair. We had a great time sampling from the different BBQ options and every cut of meat was tender and juicy. 

The servers were courteous and professional. I absolutely recommend checking out the Brazilian Flare!
I attended a special event here and the pineapple is SO delicious...by far my favorite even though the meat was flavorful and tender too.  The food is brought out and cut for you at your table.  They also had amazing dancers performing and singing and they eventually coaxed me to get up on the dance floor to join in for a bit.  The servers were all extremely friendly and accomodating.  If they didn't directly know the answer to our questions they quickly found out.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself here and recommend it as a fun, unique dining experience.
Yeah, I realize that Fogo de Chao is the "IT" Brazilian Steakhouse to go to in Scottsdale, but this place far surpasses it.  This place is cheaper and maintains a better quality of food.  Oh...all the meats that they have!  And everything is wrapped in bacon!!!  You definitely can't go wrong there!  I always leave this place way too stuffed, but I definitely don't hate it.  I absolutely love the grilled pineapple they serve.  One of the best dishes out there!
Is this place closed? In the past 5 days I've called their number 3 times and have gotten the "this number has been disconnected" recording with no "calls are being taken by" number.
Appears to be CLOSED.

Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building.
Walked by last night and it is closed for business.
After a five-night spree of dining out in Madison for birthdays and out-of-town visitors, a spree that included such well known fixtures as New Seoul, The Great Dane, and Restaurant Magnus the overwhelming week's victor was one of Madison's newest, The Cubano Room.

Walking into the Cubano, the place just explodes in confidence and style.  Saturated crimsons color the walls, high key lighting adds accents around the room.  The large room manages to feel sophisticated while calm, a feat that is easier said than done.  

While our wait staff, far contrary to our bartender, could have been a bit more knowledgeable and opinionated on her descriptions and preferences than the "everything is really good" response, the truth was that everything was really good.  

With the trademark Chimichurri Sauce, a sweet but punchy mix of lemon, vinegar, and spices, here a bit sweeter than usual, it melds perfectly and lets the dishes truly take off.  A perfectly cooked and seasoned hamburger made with the finest angus beef is as tasty as they come.  A rich salad executed with precision and balance.  Finally, a more classical Cuban-pressed sandwich with melted goat cheese, a sweet variety of peppers, steak strips and of course beans and rice.  The dishes designed with a respectful level handedness for all components create no element too strong, no factor less important, and all the better from their fantastic Chimichurri sauce.

The dishes sing without coming across as swanky blasting out aggressive flavors and a hefty tab, rather gently coming together in a sum-of-all-parts manner.  This allows the Cubano's food to initially appear simple but taste refined; the amazing duality thus being such refinement actually makes it chic without the pomp. 

Side bar.  Visit the bar.  With a truly impressive list of drafts and bottles which will have you stop in again just for a nightcap.
My friend and I had a lunch. This is the downstairs of Samba Brazilian Grill building, which looks fancy from the outside, but it's actually very casual. The great thing is that Cabana room is equipped with a nice full bar, and they make pretty good Bloody Mary. 

On my friend's recommendation, I ordered Feijoada - Brazilian black bean soup with few different kinds of meat (sausage, shredded beef/pork etc). It came with a plate of rice, and I guess you can eat the soup with the rice, but frankly, I wasn't crazy about the soup with or without the rice - just didn't care.  Maybe the blandness is the authentic style, but I kept pouring hot sauce and salt just to get any flavor I can out of the soup. 

Bloody mary, on the other hand, was great. If I didn't have to work in the afternoon, I would have gone for the second.
More casual than Samba upstair, the Cabana room still offers a nice selection of sandwiches, soups, salads and wraps all at a much more moderate price.  The mojito is, in my opinion, the best in town.  Service is good, although the waitstaff seems a little harried.  A couple of times we needed to flag our server down for more drinks, but no biggie.  

The curried squash soup was very good, and was served with a couple of the little cheesy-bread things that accompany meals in Samba.  I have no idea what they are, they're just good.  My house salad was a little light on the mango vinaigrette, but since I'd had plenty of calories from mojitos, perhaps they were doing me a favor.  Next time, I'd get more dressing on the side.
The Cabana Room is exactly what I look for in a casual dinner place. The entrees are very reasonably priced at $5-9, and in addition to several good vegetarian options they allow you to replace any of the specialty burgers with veggie burgers. I had the vegetarian burger with roasted peppers and goat cheese, a GREAT combination.
Our night started out with wrong drink orders, a server who couldn't tell the difference between clams and mussels, and, er, did not know the menu well at all. This not only makes me sad, but makes me think the managers don't have a rope on their waitstaff.  Telling us, "the specials are lamb and snapper.  If you are interested in them, let me know..otherwise I will just be reciting the speech."  Um, are you for reals?  I know this isn't necessarily an upscale place, but that's not something you say to your table. 

Anyways, I did enjoy my cabana burger with avo, bacon, and blue cheese (asked for med rare..and actually cooked to medium rare..whoopee!). The chimichurri sauce was pretty wonderful, too. 
However, my yummy food was pretty much canceled out when my dining companion's seafood stew came out with two dead mussels. Shouldn't the kitchen be catching that? When asked to get two edible mussels, the server (a different one..we couldn't catch ours), didn't really know what to do. Eventually after 5 minutes a whole new dish of seafood stew came out - while everyone else at our table was already done at this point.  Um, okay. Huh. Nothing was taken off our bill. Not that I necessarily thought it should have, but maybe comp us a drink? Or not, whatever...

Good burger, shoddy service at best. Huge beer menu. I would stick to the bar portion of Cabana Room. I  certainly think this place would be much better if the service was ramped up! Maybe we just got the dud...
I was not very impressed at this place.  Went with 4 other gfs for dinner and drinks... Everything took FOREVER.
Sat at the bar first, while we waited... not busy really at all and 2 drinks took about 10 minutes.
Once we were seated, it took about another 10 minutes to be greeted.  And the restaurant was not busy at all, and I think our server maybe had one other table.  
She did not seem like she wanted to be there, was short with us and seemed burdened when we wanted another round of drinks and requested to start with apps.
The food didn't make up for the service either, unfortunately.  My salad had an olive dressing of sorts and that is all I could taste, was olives.  Not the cheese, which should have been the highlight.
I won't go back.
This dining experience was a mix of both enjoyment and disappointment. Definitely not the fabulous experience of it's sister restaurant upstairs, Samba. Not that that was expected--especially considering that the bill was about HALF what we spent at brunch upstairs...even WITH drinks at the Cabana Room!

"Woo" for:

1) Super yummy mojitos(that rival Jolly Bob's--gasp)
2) Nice bar with an impressive array of tap beers--and decent sampler prices
3) A nice outdoor alcove of seating(even if it was too chilly to take advantage of

"Boo" for:

1) Small number of indoor tables
2) A waiter that didn't even bother to tell us the specials(I so would have gone for the lamb stew...which I saw on the board on the way OUT)

Our food came quickly, which was nice since I was super hungry. I was torn between the  chile rellenos, and the Lamb and Goat cheese sandwich(I went with the chiles). My man had the Cabana burger, which was super sloppy and oozing blue cheese and onions, but was also topped with bacon and avocado. A bit much to me, but he seemed to like it. My pepper was okay, but not memorable. The only description I have is "meh". I'll  try this place again, probably to enjoy the outdoor seating...but I'd rather save my pennies and dine upstairs.
I like it.  Great drink specials.  Some of the food is hit or miss.  Burgers there are awesome.  As are the nachos.  I had the prime rib one night, and was pretty disappointed.  I've found the waitstaff nice and friendly overall, no problems there.  I recommend it overall, nice place to go.
I hear the drinks are good so that might result in it getting more stars from me but as far as the food goes - meh. I made the mistake of getting the curry which I was leary about because most places that do a wide variety of cuisines tend to overextend their menu(i.e. a place that does mexican, american, chinese, indian, etc.) That'd just be weird. Well, I tried the curry and the problem was there is a lot of better, authentic curries at the nearby Indian restaurants so why pay the same price for something from the Cabana Room? The service was dreadful and we waited a long time to get our bill despite us being about the only customers there. I don't know, just didn't sit well with me.
Service was great, food arrived hot and quickly. The flavors were amazing. We had the chicken mole, the jerk tacos and a brazillian stew. 
I'll definitely be back here again.
First time seeing non-alcohol mojito on the menu- very convenient-

Had the soup, salmon+ mashed potato for dinner- Good food

My friend had the avocado burger- looks amazing and he cleaned the plate-
WORST. DINING EXPERIENCE. OF MY LIFE. I registered for a Yelp account now, just to post the most negative review I could manage to write. The service was aggressively terrible - not intentionally rude, but negligent/incompetent to the point of rudeness. To illustrate, I include a timeline of our dinner: 

6:15 - party of 2 seated; table too tall for my short girlfriend; promise made to move us to recently vacated table once it was cleared.
6:30 - water poured; drink order attempted, but since we had no drink menu, unsuccessful.
6:40 - new table cleared; moved.
6:50 - drink order taken, along with food, though only because we flagged down our waiter as he walked by.
7:15 - drinks arrive. Observe table seated after us receiving food. Gnawing hunger begins.
7:40 - ask if food will be up soon; told the "kitchen is really backed up." At no point until now had water been refilled, or had we been given any indication that we were still in our server's plans.
7:59 (exact time significant, since we'd resolved at 7:30 to ask for the manager if 8:00 arrived without our food) - food arrives. Mostly mediocre. Fried bananas were actually very good, crab dip was pretty good, and mashed potatoes were fine, but fish tacos were badly overspiced, and the chicken had less flavor than I make myself when I'm in a rush. Collard greens tasted literally like grass, though edible with enough salt applied - seriously, no butter or garlic? How complicated is it to saute collard greens?
8:30 - water glasses refilled, at our request. Dessert order taken.
8:50 - dessert arrives, with check, as we're waiting at the bar to register our displeasure. Once home, cheesecake mostly flavorless. What little flavor it does possess comparable to licking the inside of a Snickers wrapper.

The best feature of the dinner, I have to say, was the sense of community fostered by the horrifically, preposterously, legendarily awful service. It's what I imagine the intent of hazing in a fraternity house to be - give a disparate group of people a common trauma to bring them together. We made friends with the patrons around us over the superlatively deplorable experience. Now, I call it "legendarily awful" with intent - tales of the 3-hour Dinner of Tears will be told throughout the generations in my family. I will make sure of it.

I will also make sure that neither I, nor anyone I care for, ever has the misfortune to set foot in Samba, for any reason, ever.

[For clarification: we intended to eat at Samba, but ended up at the Cabana Room downstairs. In either case, my rage remains.]
We came here with a groupon. I've been to the upstairs a few times and was always satisfied with that. I hate to say that our first experience with the downstairs was not so good. Overall, I'd say the food was decent, but the service was horrible. It was not even busy and our server took a really long time to take our order and when we tried to call her over to request a change to the order she looked right at us and walked on by. We ended up asking someone else to put the order in for us. When the food came we then had to ask for silverware. Generally, we will overtip when using a groupon, but we were not inclined this time.
Contrary to other reviews on this site, our waitress (Marie) was way cool, smart and funny. It was her first night and she had it under control.
The food was all really high fat. Heavy cheese sauces that are not far from Velveeta on the food chain. The spices didn't have enough kick for me. Boring food that was not worth the clogged arteries.
We at here last summer and were rather concerned at how empty the place was.  We should have taken heed and gone elsewhere.  The wait staff largely ignored us and it took forever to get our food.  When it did arrive it was a very small portion and was dry and unappealing.  I had lamb sliders and there was certainly nothing slider about them except the size.  The meat was dry and tough on a hard roll.  We had ordered a side of the little tapioca rolls for an appetizer as we have had them before and loved them.  This time they finally came with the meal after we asked about them a couple of times and were doughy.  

I really think they are using the leftovers from the Samba Brazilian grill upstairs for the meat and serving the people upstairs first as far as the rolls go. 

We were also dissapointed in the patio.  It looked run down and shoddy.

We will not go back!!
Really delicious. My wife and I were here on a nice Groupon deal, but we'd have happily paid full price. The angus beef sliders were juicy and delicious. Be sure to put the slaw on the sliders. Only problem was that the slaw got the bottom of one of the buns soggy. I got the feijoada, which was rich and delicious,  though Americanized (no pork ears, feet, or tongue). My wife got the parmesan crusted pork rodizio skewers, which were almost as good, though a touch dry. As good as all that meat was (and it was good), I may have liked the sauted collard greens the best. I don't know what they cooked them in, but they were amazing.

Lots of other reviewers have noted poor service. I have to admit, it wasn't stellar. I don't think the staff was bad; they were just overwhelmed with a pretty full restaurant at 5pm on a Wednesday. The owners need to hire more servers.
If you are a red-blooded carnivore like I am, then this is the place for you. I went with 4 other people who more or less agreed with me.

The atmosphere here was pretty good. If you have never been to a Brazilian Grill before, this is a good start. They walk around with skewers of meat and you say whether you want it or not based on a "traffic light system". Green means go, red means stop giving me more meat. After they see your table has a green, they stop by with a skewer of meat. They ask you if you would like some and then give it to you or they don't, depending on how you respond. 

The food is delicious. The have rack of lamb, duck, parmesan breaded pork chops, honey pork chops, flank steak, top sirloin, sausage and some others that I am probably forgetting. I was not impressed too much by the honey pork chops, but they were still good. The rest was mouth watering, especially the top sirloin.

The hostess was very kind. It seemed like a busy night and we were told initially that we would have to wait nearly 2 1/2 hours to get in. She said immediately after that she would try to get us in. Not 5 minutes later, we were sitting down.

The waitress was far below par. It took nearly 5 minutes for her to show up and then the drink delivery was even worse. Three of our drinks came within 10 minutes. Another 2 came about 5 minutes later and then the last one we had to ask for several times. We were halfway done with eating when it finally came. We also had to ask for water each time we needed it and when you are eating more meat than you have seen in your life, you need a lot of water to wash it down.

There was also a salad bar, which they must have put in just to ease people's minds that they were eating as much meat as they could handle. They had several cheeses that were declicious, but they were out of bread, so I had nothing to eat it with. I did not partake in the actual salad portion, so no review there.

It is also very pricey, 33$ for a meal, 17$ for just the salad bar. Drinks weren't too outrageous. They had tap beer for anywhere from 3$ to 6$. They had a very extensive wine list, but I also did not partake in that. 

This would have received a 5 star, had it no been for our horrible waitress.
If you up for something new and have a hearty appetite, this might be a good place to check out.

Offering both a vegetarian option and a meat option - The Brazillian Grill allowed our whole group an option. First, the building is from 1910 (or close to) but it is beautifully restored. Great atmosphere and a comfy feel. We sat on some nice couches in the downstairs bar - which had good prices and good service. 

The main dining room was impressive and had a great feel. We were a little bummed out to find the 'stage' empty as they sometimes offer live music. We went on a Saturday night pretty much expecting it, but was told that they have music more on weeknights to try to draw people on less busy nights. 

Dinners basically split into two 'acts' the salad bar -- which is set up as a buffet and offers a large variety of items. Most were not your run of the mill and everyone in our group enjoyed trying different things. The next was the meat - and the Goucho's would come around with skewers of different meats to try. Our group sampled everyone that was offered. Our favorite by far was the Flank Steak which had a wonderful flavor and was very tender. Bacon wrapped filets were probably second favorite. 

Over all a very good time - The only two things bad I can say is that because of its location parking can be a problem. They do have an attached lot, but it was full we went. There is a public lot a half block up -- but this was also hard to get into and the meters only allowed for 2 hour parking. The second thing was our waitress. Although the Goucho's were great, we did have a waitress to bring us drinks and explain what was going on. She was slow and massively screwed up our bill when we tried to run it on separate cards. Fortunately she was a minor screw up in a good night of fun.
There's something about gauchos that really takes it up a notch.  The converted Women's Building is now a theme restaurant to the max.  It's decadent and lavish and over-the-top in an awesome Vegas kind of way. The salads were terrific, the service was unbeatable in Madison, and the meat was everywhere.  Quite literally.  Meat rules so it was a success!
The food at Samba is excellent in every regard.  

You start your meal at their 40 item salad bar, which is delicious.  It has traditional salad toppings, a variety of pasta salads, interesting vegetables, spanish cheeses, and more.

The meat is the best part though.  They have nine different cuts on any given night, and the cooks come around and slice you off some of whichever meat they are passing around.  The top sirloin was a perfect medium rare and probably their best meat.  The duck was delicious, the flank steak had amazing seasonings on it, and the bacon wrapped tenderloin tasted great.  The rack of lamb had a little too much garlic, but other than that was pretty good and both the leg of lamb and the parmesan pork were delicious.  The sausage they offered was tasty, but did not set itself apart as spectacular.

They have a decent beer selection and the restraunt overall has a wonderfull ambience.  The food is what makes this place special though.
Wow, this is definitely a dining experience!  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is exotic and exciting.  The meat is simply fanstastic--the night I went, the flank steak was the best.  I'm not a big fan of the linguia, but there are so many good meats to choose from.  The salad bar is also remarkable, with a wide variety of rice and pasta dishes, cold cuts, cheeses, and veggies--but don't fill up!  

This is the perfect Valentine's Day/Birthday/Anniversary dinner.  Be sure to come on a night when a band is playing.
I agree with the previous reviewers in that this is a dining experience.  The interior is just fantastic, and usually there is a live band playing on weeknights.  The 40 item salad bar was scrumptious but honestly, the main attraction is the meat.  Vegetarians will be hard pressed to find a sustainable variety at the salad bar, so unless you're willing to go to "the dark side" for this meal, perhaps you should meet your friends out later.  As a mostly vegetarian, I ended up going to the dark side because I couldn't resist.  My favorite was the duck -- it was succulent and fantastic.  This place is definitely a wonderful experience and I'm sure the next time a special occasion arises we will consider going here.
I agree with most of the other reviewers on the food.  The meat is great and the 'salad bar' is WAY higher-end and more diverse than any salad bar I've even seen.  

The space itself is really cool.  Its run well.  The gauchos can get overwhelmed on busy nights but are usually attentive.

The meat is tasty and abundant but the best part is the wine list - cheap and wide-ranging.
Went here for dinner and was amazed!!! For a prix fix dinner, it's definitely worth the money. While it's an all-you-can-eat style meal, there a usually 6 or 7 different types of meats brought to you and a salad bar which serves copious amounts of vege's and cold salads. There is enough food to fulfill then needs of anyone, no matter how hungry they are, or aren't.

The mojitos are delicious, I'd highly recommend trying a few!!!

If you've never been to a Brazilian Grill I'd highly recommend it, as it is something that has to be experienced to fully appreciated.
I know this may be surprising to some, but I think Samba is the best Brazilian Steakhouse I have ever been to. To this date I have now been to some in Chicago, in Kansas, and in Madison and Madison wins hands down! 

I love that when they built this place they put a more casual restaurant downstairs and you have to go upstairs to enter the Brazilian Steakhouse. The outside is always decorated in lights and really creates the right mood before you even enter the building. I have been there 4 different times since it has opened and every time it is amazing. It is cheaper than the ones found in Chicago as well as in Kansas and personally has much better food. 

As soon as you walk in you are greeted by very friendly hostess who always offer to hang up your coats. Each time I have had a reservation I have always been promptly seated. The waiters are pretty quick to come up and offer drinks and explain how the concept of a Brazilian Steakhouse works. Their drink menu is rather large and each time I try a new one it is fantastic! I love going up to their salad bar area where they have an array of items including obviously salad items, vegetables, mashed potatoes (yum!), bread and so much more. Once you have eaten your "appetizers" you flip over your coaster to the green side so the men in gauchos know to come around and offer you different cuts of meat. So many of them are good, I always start by trying almost all of them and then once I have decided my favorites of the night I normally have seconds of those specific kinds. 

I also love that most of the nights I have gone (I think 3 out of the 4) they had live bands playing. It fit right into the atmosphere and creates such a nice night every time. The music is never to loud or obnoxious, it is rather enjoyable to get a table near the stage and listen to some great music as you enjoy a fantastic meal. 

You really can not go wrong at such a great place. The main things to remember about this great place: 
1. They have a large selection of original drinks and a large wine menu 
2. The meat is delicious 
3. Relatively inexpensive for a Brazilian Steakhouse 

Enjoy!
After some serious window shopping on State Street. My 4 girlfriends and I chose this place for dinner because of a street sign that advertised their Friday special -- all you can eat fish tacos. 

The tacos were small. The fish stick in the tortilla was small and on the greasy side.  The fried fish was covered with one spoon of chopped tomato salsa and you had a spicy sauce and white rice on the side. That is it, nothing fancy.  Each time the waitress brought out 2 tacos and after 4 each she just stopped asking if we wanted more. To tell you the truth I could easy put away 6 of those  things. 

This place did its job I was no longer hungry when I left. 
Next when I am in town I will pass on the fish tacos and maybe try something else on their menu.
I'm not a big meat-eater, so I wasn't really eagerly anticipating a night at a Brazilian steakhouse. But the salad bar at Samba was a great experience--Spanish cheeses, sweet potato salad, roasted almonds, and fantastic figs. If I were really a vegetarian, I could easily have been satisfied with the salads alone, but I also went for the cranberry duck and ended up satisfied and stuffed.
As long as you're ready to drop some change, you're going to LOVE Samba. 

We decided to do brunch here, because it's almost half price, and after checking out the website, I thought it was almost the full experience, anyhow(just not as many meat choices).

The minute we walked in, I was totally in love with the interior. A little dark, with rich colors and nice design...and PLENTY of seating. We were immediately seated, and our waitress came over soon after. Although the drinks looked tasty(I would imagine that a place like this would do kick butt mojitos, and the mimosa selection was fun), I decided to just get coffee. Our waitress explained how the experience worked, and left us a basket of Po De Queijo, which is almost like a cheesy popover, with bits of spicy peppers...YUM. 

We started off at the salad bar, which is much more than just salad. For brunch, they had Yukon gold potatoes, and a variety of grilled, steamed, and marinated veggies. There was also a variety of fresh fruit, and a parfait bar with yogurt and oats. If this isn't enough, you can also grab some delicious Spanish cheese and roasted nuts to top your plate off. I can see why they offer a salad bar only option at night, you could easily make a nice meal out of just that!

BUT, we were going full out...so bring on the meat! After we finished our first course, we flipped our "pillar of meat", and soon after the Gaucho brought us our first selection, which was a spicy sausage. We also tried the flank steak(delicious, although I wish my cut had come from further in the slab, because I like it a bit more rare), and the leg of lamb was AMAZING. There was also a country ham, which we didn't try. Another favorite of ours was the cinnamon-sugar crusted pineapple that they grilled. So good. 

My only complaint was that I had been looking forward to the jazz music they advertised, but the band came in to set up just as we were finishing our plates.

We were seriously stuffed...and I had to laugh when the waitress came to apologize that she had not told us that they offer fresh waffles(blueberry, plain and chocolate, I believe). I also overheard her telling another table that they make scrambled eggs, too. It didn't matter, because there was NO way we were going to be able to eat anything else.

All in all, Samba has a great atmosphere, delicious food, and attentive staff(even if the waitress DID forget to offer us a few items). I think that it was well worth the $20 a plate price. Is it somewhere I'll go every Sunday? No, but I'll definitely be back!

*I'd also like to try the Cabana Room downstairs, which is their "everyday" restaurant. It had a nice outdoor patio, and the menu looks good.
Maybe a week night was not the time to go to this place, so your experience might vary.  Place was nearly empty on a Tuesday evening, so we were seated right away.  Salad bar was very good with good selection of items and a couple warm appetizer items.  So far so good.  Service became slower as we went to the "meat phase" of the meal.  As the meat plate became cluttered with juices and fat, the waiter really didn't pay much attention and offer a new plate.  Meanwhile, the meat selection seemed to be much more limited than other Brazilian steakhouses that I have visited in the past.  I believe there might have been only about 5 substantial cuts of meat that circulated the dining room.  Again, maybe the volume of meat was reflective of the evening we were there.  However, they didn't discount the price for this.
I'll stay "Big City" for Brazilian steak in the future.
Having been to Samba a number of times since discovering it only a month or so ago, I can say it is one of my favorite places to eat in all of Madison if you are in a mood for unlimited food! Over time [as of 2014 now] the quality seems to have gone down in the food but the overall atmosphere and service is great.

The beginning salad bar is fantastic, you have to try the potatoes to start.  After the salad bar you are served all the meat you can eat, which in my opinion more than makes up for the price.  I honestly think that everyone should give Samba a try if they are in Madison at anytime just for the grilled pineapple and tapioca rolls!  If you have a large appetite there is no reason why you haven't had Samba yet.
Fun environment, good service, and a lot of food.  As far as the meat, it's pretty good and theres a wide selection, but I've had better quality and better cooked steak and lamb.
Same concept as Fogo de Chao in bigger cities, but much more affordable. Amazing cuts of meat and amesome salad bar. The live jazz in the background was an unexpected treat!
Unbelievably good food.  I heard about Samba years back and since then have had several recommendations from friends that it was a place I had to go to.  I wish I had listened to them sooner because this place could arguably be the best restaurant I've ever been to in my life (and I've been to far too many).

We called in to make reservations on Saturday night, but unfortunately found out that they were booked up until an hour later than we originally planned.  That gives you an indicator of its popularity on weekends, but it was well worth the wait.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the Cabana Room, which I'd also recommend although more for the casual bar night where you want to relax with a few friends in upscale atmosphere.

You'll then proceed up to the second level where they provide a free coat check service and seat you in their nice restaurant.  The environment will surely put you in the mood as you take in the aroma of grilled meats, the reddish-yellow candlelight, and the closed-off curtains on the windows.  Your server then gives you a wooden hourglass with a red indicator on one end and a green indicator on the other.  Basically, flip it green-side up and you're advertising that you're hungry, red-side up means you need a break (my group thought it'd be nice to have a triangle with a third side for I can't breathe because I'm so full).

By the time we got done with all the pleasantries, I was starving (I had only eaten one thing that day) so I was a little disappointed when a guy came by with a giant skewer of top sirloin and only gave each one of our party one small piece of meat.  I soon learned though that there was no way I'd go hungry as they kept bringing out round after round of different meats - 8 total, ranging from chicken, parmesan pork, asian steak, flank steak, ribeye, top sirloin, sausage, and lamb.  And they don't bring each one out just once, they KEEP bringing them for as long as the place is open.  I'm normally not a huge fan of all-you-can-eats, but this is the most delicious meat I have ever had and I can only imagine what the real-deal is like in Brazil.  All four of the people in my party were extremely satisfied and easily thought that we got our money's worth.  Even girls that were with me that normally wouldn't eat a lot were chowing down as you just couldn't say no to this food.

But wait, it gets better.  They have an incredible salad bar and hot food line as well.  Often, we'd turn our hourglass over to red to take a break, but then march over to the bar where they had more choices than I've ever seen at any other one before.   There were at least 2-3 types of potato salad, plenty of leafy greens, nuts, berries, exotic choices like maracan almonds, etc etc.  The hot food line had delicious mashed potatoes, cuban black beans, and a tasty broth.  Honestly, it's a shame that these sides and salads are at Samba because anywhere else they'd probably suffice for an excellent meal on their own.  Regardless, you will end up trying some if you can fit it in between the rush of meats.

Lastly, there's entertainment involved too.  The servers bring all the beef over on giant skewers that look just like what greek gyro places use for cooking up their daily loads and you have to use a grabber device to take your meat to your plate as they slice down with a knife.  Make sure to have a good grip though; I didn't see one of the guys cutting mine in time and got a little splash on my dress shirt.  Thankfully, this place is pro, so they came out with club soda and a portable stick of oxy clean to help get the stains out.  Your servers will also be dressed in comical costumes; usually a park ranger hat with khaki oufits and funny-looking pants.  Towards the end of the night, we witnessed some people roll/fall down the stairs from the third floor (they got up and were laughing so nobody was hurt) which definitely capped the night off.

Overall, I can't do this place justice with some words in a paragraph box.  Samba is SO GOOD, and if you can put aside your quibbles in regards to the cost, you will surely not be disappointed in the least.  Budget well, $45-60 a person (you'll probably want drinks, etc), and have a good time.
We came here after UW graduation to celebrate, again. 

Luckily, we made a reservation, because the place was obviously packed for graduation. The location here is neat because it looks like it used to be an old mansion of some sort. 

Once seated, the host quickly explained how the service works, took our drink order, and sent us on our way to the salad bar. Pretty much all the salads I tried were great, and much better than a similar salad bar would be at your local upscale grocery store. The mojito I ordered, was decent, but I've had better.

Once we flipped the 'i'm ready to eat meat switch', the gaucho's started descending on our tables with a ton of different cuts of beef, pork, and lamb. Most of it was pretty good, and there were only a few that I didn't personally prefer. 

Overall, I was satisfied with the food and experience that Samba gave us that evening. I'd highly recommend it if you have an occasion to celebrate, or if you simply just like a TON of meat!
I was a brazilian steakhouse n00b as well. I've been dying to try Fogo de Chao, the apparent ruler of the brazilian steakhouse chain restaurant monopoly. The opportunity has yet to arise, however.

While in Milwaukee for the weekend, we decided to stop for lunch in Madison. I googled "Madison Brunch" and voila - I find that a Brazilian Steakhouse exists just off State street that has a $15 brunch!!!

It was fate. My boyfriend and I were hungover from a long afternoon of brewery hopping in Milwaukee the day before. A salad bar, in addition to four selections from the grill, sounded perfect.

Overall, we loved Samba. Super friendly and attentive staff that was neither condescending nor pushy; the manager checked in on us and we never had a problem getting what we needed from the wait staff or the meat dudes.

The restaurants itself is beautiful; a sister restaurant/bar something or other resides in the lower level of the equally-pretty-on-the-exterior building. They have a small lot but there is street parking and a city meter lot across the street.

Would definitely love to try Samba for dinner... the only meat I tried due to personal preference was the flank steak, which was delicious. Don't eat pork or ham, but the boyfriend loved those selections. The grilled pineapple was FABULOUS.

The salad bar was great and had some really delicious options. A good variety, although I will say that it was a smaller spread that what I've seen in photos and heard about other brazilian steakhouses. Nonetheless, it was more than enough selection for me: grilled veggies, baked goods, yogurt, salads, three hot items, bread, cheese, etc. 

You can also order waffles, which we did - they were delish! 

Totally worth $15 for brunch... + two drinks for a total of $45. Wonderful experience at Samba!
Really people? My rating's as low as it can go to offset all the people raving about this place.

The salad bar is... pretty good. As for the meat? There was only one cut of meat that I loved. All the rest were mediocre at best (and some were just tough. and chewy. and my jaw hurts thinking about it. oww). I mean, I feel like I could've done better... and last time I checked, I wasn't a cook by any stretch of imagination.

I'm a fatty so I'm allllllll for all-you-can-eat meat but you won't see me ever going back to Samba. Not even if someone else is paying. I'd much rather get a steak at Tornado Room or Magnus. Hell, I'd rather have a Big Mac from McDonald's. At least with Mickey D's, I know I'm getting what I paid for. I used to be a vegetarian for years but after a semester in Madrid, haven't looked back. However, if Samba had been my reintroduction to meat, I would've stayed a vegetarian. Ok. That's all. Bye.
I went here during Restaurant week, Jan '10.  I had a seat for two in the bar area because I didn't have reservations.  A more relaxed dinning experience would have been preferable, but I was glad to be seated nonetheless.

The meal started off with a waiter explaining the rules or set-up of the place.  It starts with a clean plate to be filled up at the salad bar.  They had a decent selection of fresh greens and prepared condiments and goodies.  I especially liked the dry figs and goat cheese at the end. 

Next came the meat.  The meat was mediocre.  I couldn't really taste any of the meat.  While the spices were good, and the chimichurri sauce was tasty, the meat was lacking actual animal flavor.  The top sirloin was dry here, moist there.  The pork tenderloin was especially disappointing because it made me question whether it was tenderloin or just loin.  IT WAS LOIN.  I do not like being lied to.

Add a bottle of wine at $22, the total for two came up to $80.  It's not worth it.  The meat didn't come around as quickly or often as I would have liked.  The salad bar, while good, is not sufficient enough for me to fork over $25.  I can't imagine having paid full price.  Oh, and there was no duck. LAME.
Frankly, it was delicious. A carnivore's dream.
$15 for the Sunday Brunch Buffet? Hercules Hercules!!! You  will probably not get a better value for Sunday morning breakfast than here.

First and foremost the decor is uber classy - something you'd expect from the standards set by Brazzazz, Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil. They even had a $10.25/hr Madison student playing live keyboards to set the mood.

The buffet has two courses - the salad bar and the gauchos coming around with the meat. The salad bar didn't have many standouts. It was more or less rabbit food (nuts, cheeses, vegetables, etc) with the exceptions of scrambled eggs, home potatoes and thick cut bacon. That made up for a good $7.50 of the bill which you would normally pay at a breakfast diner. 

The second course included ham, flank steak, sausage and a cinammon glazed pineapple. IMO the sausage was the best. The ham was a little dry and the steak was lackluster. The pineapple was decent but no way as delectable as Brazzazz's. Either way, I've had better at other Brazilian all you can eats. However the question is - can you get all of this stuff for $15? No way in Chicago, I'll tell you that.

Round it out with these donut hole sized focaccia breads (with an interesting gooey texture inside), waffles made to order and your choice of $3 Mimosas or Bloody Mary's and you have a steal.

Definitely recommended.

Tidbits: It seems the custom of serving a Bloody Mary with a beerback is a Wisconsin only thing. 

The place is also right off of State Street which makes a lovely stroll after gorging very appealing.
Sunday brunch here is quite the steal!  Last Sunday's early gorging was the perfect ending to a weekend in Madison.  The facade of this place looks like it was taken off the beachfront.  You walk in and the ambiance takes you away.  They have a very intimate setting and quite the spread to boot!  The place has a definite shwanky feel to it.

They serve a pretty awesome salad bar with more of those uppercrust items such as sun dried tomatoes and fancy soaked artichoke hearts.  They have the usual scrambled eggs to accompany some smashing potatoes and perfectly toasted bacon - seriously, this bacon was awesome... not fatty, quite crisp and mmm-mmm good. 

We were seated promptly and made our way over to the salad bar after our waitress explained to us how the system worked - we were obvious newb's.  Everything at the salad bar was fresh.  The gentleman serving us were dressed up like some sort of urban cowboys and delivered flank steak, sausage, sweet grilled pineapple, and ham.  The food was not necessarily outstanding, but it was pretty good and endless servings of pretty good food almost guarantees that I'll be a fan.

They also offer belgian waffles.  I decided to not stuff myself to the point of uncomfortable-ness... this time.... so I did not get to sample these however, they looked delish!  I did get to indulge with a spicy $3 bloody mary though.  I think I could have drank those all day; they so hit the spot.  At the end of the day,  I highly recommend the Samba brunch buffet to anyone stopping through Madison.
All you can eat salad bar and meat by the sword, essentially.

How to eat at Samba:

1. Bring a loaded wallet and an empty stomach
2. Go to the upstairs area of Samba/Cabana Room
3. Get a drink at the bar.  The bartenders are pretty fun
4. When you're seated, you are expected to get the full on buffet (meat and salad bar).  If you want just the salad bar, let them know or you will be charged.  They also have some plated seafood items if steak isn't your thing.
5.  Flip your hourglass shaped centerpiece on the table to green to let them know you are ready for food
6.  Try the flank steak!
7. Save room for the grilled pineapple
8. Flip your centerpiece to red when you are full
9. If you can afford it, the desserts are phenomenal

Vegetarian Review: The salad bar has phenomenal options, but not at $15 value in my opinion. I mean, it is just an salad bar.  It's full of Brazilian nuts, potatoes, veggies, cheeses, salad, etc.

Meat eater: If you leave at all hungry, you've done this wrong.  Some steak cuts are better than others, so be sure to take small portions and try as much as you can.  After you've tried most of them, ask for seconds of your favorite and they'll be happy to bring out the cut you like best

Atmosphere: It's a very neat, laid back environment.  The waitresses push the boundaries between sarcastically funny and bitter, but they are very attentive.

Samba is a great place for a special occasion meal, but I definitely couldn't afford to go as often as I'd like.
We've been here several times now, and have not been disappointed yet!  It's always fun, and the food is always good!
Great atmosphere.  But restaurant doesn't put their best foot forward.  You can't find the name Samba on the outside of the restaurant.  We found a small portable sign on the sidewalk that pointed across the street.  The sign is wrong.  You enter the Cabana Room and then go upstairs.  Ugh

Once seated and the process is explained we found we had to fight our way through the salad, vegetable and potato bar.  It is a crowded location and with way too many people using it.  It is in the round with no clear start, so you just jump in front of others.  Double ugh

The meat is served at the table and the selection and taste is great.  The wait staff is very friendly, attentive and helpful.  The rest of the meal went well.  We weren't brave enough to venture back to the vegetable bar but enjoyed the variety of meats served.

The restaurant is noisy.  A loud voice is needed to communicate to anyone sitting at the table, much less to the wait staff.
There is nothing bad about Samba Brazilian Grill except for the price, which I honestly can't complain about considering its the best all-you-can-eat meat buffet I've ever had in my life.

The wine is delicious and the food is even better. Never have I been so tortured and delighted by the meat sweats.
It's a Brazilian Grill in Madison. That's all you need to know really. The salad bar is very good, but don't fill up on cheese and almonds, as tempting as it is. The meat is all very delicious (chicken, pork, sausage, two kinds of steak, lamb), but the lamb isn't my cup of tea, but other people at our table liked it. I also really like the grilled pineapple.

It's spendy, but worth it.
I hated this place.  I would have given it 1 star but I did like about half of the salad bar.  Now let me begin by saying I am not a huge fan of meat in general but opted to go with friends.  Not being a big fan of meat, when I do eat it I like it cooked not dripping with blood.   I had to ask everytime for cooked meat when they were walking around and even then it was never actually cooked.  I wasn't a fan and I feel it was really overpriced for the quality of service and food.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that Samba is open on Sundays for brunch. While it is a leaner menu for your inner carnivore (3 meat selections plus roasted pineapple), they continue to have their cold foods bar which also includes pastries for brunch. The $15 price point is very reasonable given the food and service. If going later in the morning, remember to make a reservation or you will be waiting for your table.

One last tip: the flank steak is their premier selection, be sure to try it.
I've been here several times and it's always been a good experience.  I love the building Samba is in.  The interior is very nice and pretty luxe for Madison.  

I enjoy the food, though I'm usually not a big fan of all you can eat.  I know that's typically how Brazilian steakhouses work though.  You can also make a filling meal out of the salad bar, which contains nuts, cheeses, beans, mashed potatoes and the more typical vegetables.  I've never had a problem with the quality of the meat, though I'm not a big meat eater in general.  I like the grilled pineapple or the figs from the salad bar as a light dessert option.  They also have quite a few options for drinks.  

Service has always been reliable.  I think the price is fair considering the quantity.  They sometimes have specials, like on Sundays.
The best Brazilian grill (even steak house) in Madison, I cannot say I haven't been to better but this one is well executed. Nothing bad to say except parking down town. Don't plan on any activities after dinner, all you will want to do is go home and lay on the couch like a over stuffed turkey. This is a very nice atmosphere (great date night) and they handle large groups well. The cost last I went was $35 a person all you can eat. For steak, lamb, chicken, pork, sausages and grilled pineapple for desert, oh don't forget about the sides, great sides. What would you get at Ruth Chis for $35?
Very good food!   Pricy but worth every dollar!!  This place is a must with their unique salad bar, and meat choices, and oh yeah the desserts!!! (if you can save room before you are full)

The only suggestion is for the employees to watch out on texting their friends and grabbing pieces of meat and walking in the back in the preparation area. (it is very visible from the second floor balcony seating area!)

Otherwise I am am likelong customer there!
I always eat myself sick when I go here. The salad bar is delicious and is all-you-can-eat deliciousness (they even have hot dishes included in the salad bar). I always tell myself that I will just get the salad bar because it is a lot less expensive. Then the meat comes by and I cannot resist.  I even try their roasted pineapple with cinnamon even though I am allergic to pineapple. YUM
So they do the Brazilian steakhouse thing, I'm sure if you are reading this you know what that entails.

Their salad/buffet is pretty good with the bean stew and octopus salad standing out.

The Meat service varies, usually there is one or two that are tasty and well seasoned (asian tenderloin and the flank steak have both been great) but then the others are hit and miss, usually being bland.

But my real gripe is mostly that they seem somewhat stingy with the meat.  I have been to other Brazilian stekhouses and ate and drank for hours, running up a considerable bill of course but having a great time.  At Samba I get a real feeling that they want you to leave after trying everything once.  I can get a great steak at a few places in Madison (Tornado room comes to mind) for a similar price and while the variety is nice I go to one of these places for a long slow feast, not a quick sampler.  I'm sure it makes them more if you don't eat as much and get out to make room faster but that does not seem like my problem, especially at the price.
This would be a 5 for me except the last time I was here for my company Christmas party we got very poor service. We could not get the servers to come by with more food and when we asked about it we got a very pissy manager. They closed out bar down early and we drink a lot. Really stupid move. I am willing to do it again but they did a poor job of talking care of 40 people.
I attended an event here and was not really happy with the experience. 

When I heard we were going to a Brazilian place all I could envision was Fogo de Chao.  This place was not that. 

When we arrived all of the tables were taken and there were like 100 people waiting in line for food.  Not a good sign for hungry people. We decided to hunt for a place to sit.  We ended up on the top floor with a group of friends.  The company was great but we all did not want to wait in that long line.  So we camped out drinking wine and beer (no line at The bar)!!!

Samba had a table up here with cheese, olives and nuts.  I hate to say that this might have been the best thing here. 

After an hour we finally got in the food line and it still took 20 minutes.  We then realized that the people in front of us were on there second round of food.  So annoying because there were so many people who had not eaten yet.  The restaurant should have had a system in place to handle 350 people but it didn't. Maybe this was there first event here. They need some organization, if they ever do something like this again. 

Once we got to the front to start getting our food the plates ran out. Nobody was there to help us or get more plates.  In fact, I got out of line went up towards the salad bar and grabbed a giant stack for everyone.  I had to stock the plates. Really?

So with plate in hand there were three choices of meat...two red meat and one pork. The pork was dry but had potential. One red meat was full of fat and I couldn't even cut it with the knife provided. I would have told you what the meats were but when I asked they guy cutting it he didn't even seem to know.  That's not good!!

Salad bar items were okay. A few dishes were completely empty. Again no one from the staff was there keeping an eye on this. Empanadas were dry and lacking meat...it was more dough then anything.  Also the yummy Brazilian little cheese buns you find at other Brazilian restaurants were here.  The only difference these were just completely terrible. I had no idea they could taste that bad...usually I can't stop eating these but I didn't have that problem here. The best thing on the salad bar were the rice balls.  Wow these were really good...a nice Sicilian dish made perfectly at a Brazilian place. Very confusing to me but glad something besides the cheese and olives that was good. 

Bartenders were nice but I had to wait
Twice for a Spotted Cow (draft beer) while issues with the keg were sorted out. That was not fun. 

Now I have no idea how this place is when you actually order off the menu but as a banquet location it was completely terrible.  I blame the management for not being more organized and actually treating the large party with the respect of an individual table. They were probably at the bank cashing the check (allegedly)!!!

I would not want to attend an event here ever and probably would not want to come back as an individual.  I was completely let down with Samba!!!
Not impressive.  Adequate service, but for the price the menu items lacked attention to detail. No guarana.  Feijoada is not very authentic.   Pao de queijo a bit heavy.  Meats were a little bland in flavor. Salad bar had good variety, though.  A little limited selection in the meats compared to other similar Brazilian steakhouses.
Absolutely AMAZING!  I loved everything about this place.  Their spiced pineapple and flank steak is amazing!  Over all it was a great experience. Kind of pricey though.  Spent $100 on 2 people and a bottle of wine. Was worth it though.  YUMMO!
I really want to like this place more, but the food is just not worth how expensive it is.  If you are a large person and can really pack in the meat, I can see the value, but if you are on the smaller side, it's hard to justify the cost. Ribeye and top sirloin are the best.  Also, I don't find the service all that great.  After salad I had dressing all over my plate and even though the servers were not busy, and I had put my plate to the side, no one wanted to take it and bring me a new one.  There's not a lot for the servers to do, so that seemed like a basic request.  Great wine list, however.
I was so unbelievably disappointed in this place. A group of girls and I were going out for a girls night a few weeks before my wedding. My aunt called weeks in advance for reservations & a special table. When we arrived we were seated in a private room with a childs baptism party. Really, seriously poor match. It took forever for our food, they skipped us on multiple occasions and then tried to skimp on portions. We had to ask for more. we kept being hushed & we weren't even being loud!!! The service was terrible and the place is over priced!!! It's a nice change of pace but way over rated. Good thing my guests were super cool bc samba blew it!
Meat toting gauchos! Seriously, If you have not experienced Gauchos bringing you meat on a spit, you have not yet lived as a carnivore! Service has always been great when we've been there, and the food is delish!
Not a great experience and an expensive disappointment !!!!

The meat was mediocre at best and mostly cold by the time it got to our table on the rare occasion it did get to our table.
the servers with the meat only give you a couple of bites worth then do not come back for another 10-15 minutes later.
Some of the meat items came only once and never again. The flank steak (very tough) was the one coming back the most (3 times).
We had to ask and wait for some of the items on the salad bar.
there was no background music at all; the experience was very lousy.

In summary, if you have very low expectations you may like this place, although for the money $35/person I consider this to be an expensive disappointment !!!
I will not go back and I will make sure to till my friends to go somewhere else...
This was a terrible experience. We arrived 45 minutes early for a 7:15 reservation. It was packed. My wife waited in line for 10-15 minutes just to check in. She got to the front and was told our name wasn't 'in the system'. My wife brought out her cell phone and offered to show her the reservation. The woman refused to even look at it. The woman was rude and dismissive. She said we could come back at 9:30. Like I'm going to wait nearly three hours to eat dinner (I also had my 12 year old son with us). 

Absolute, complete joke! No apology, no attempt to try and rectify the situation. 

Never again for this place.
I found this place almost 5 years ago and the food is great, this is my third time back! Walking meat is the best idea, from the sausage to the grilled pineapple this place is pretty awesome. The salad bar is great, the service is could use a little help, i have no problem paying the price however i would look for deals such as groupon. This is not a place i recommend to eat frequently, the food here can be a little to much, talk about a meat hangover. (note this is not a bad thing.) I make sure I don't eat on the road up to save space in my stomach. I like it here! One favorite things was the Brazillion Cheese Bread....I think I ate 5 or 6 of them! There is also a stage with live acts, tonight was Latin guitar, it was a awesome. i give it a 7 for quality and 8 for an over all experience, i would come back. maybe in about a year...
We went for a 5:30pm reservation and walked into a mostly empty restaurant. Our waiter was very friendly and checked in on us throughout the night. We also never ran out of water (which is a major thing for me).

There is a salad and side dish bar, on the main floor. The food there was very tasty and well prepared. The meat is grilled over a fire, off to the side, on large skewers. As each cut of meat is done grilling, the servers will carry the skewer around from table to table, offering you cuts of the meat.

We occasionally had to wait for various cuts to make their way to us and some cuts definitely came by more often than others. On the plus side, most of the cuts were very tasty and the servers would pass along our requests for which cut we wanted to get next (or soon).

I appreciated the fact that each of the individual cuts is small, enough for just 3 or 4 bites. Like The Melting Pot (another favorite restaurant of mine), this forces you to eat slowly and really appreciate both the food and the company you're with. It slows down the meal, which is very nice. It also gives me the freedom to eat until I'm full without feeling like I have a certain set amount that I need to finish.

All in all, highly recommended.
Wow, this place started strong. t was never the best Brazilian grill I had been to, but it  is beautiful, fair priced, and in Madison, I always gave it 4 stars. Sadly the place has gotten worse every visit. I often would take clients for dinners but know I must say I'm embarrassed even taking family. The same story every time. Service is slow, food is slower. If you can get any food, it is good. But finding someone to bring it to you is another story. Forget rolls at your table, they must be made of gold. I made a mistake and went tonight for thanksgiving. I understand it is a holiday but come on.... The buffet was out of mashed potatoes, dressing and gravy. Gravy for Gods sake! I made many trips and finally gave up. As I waited at my table with the "pillar of meat" there was less and less meat to the point they complete forgot about us. My party sat at the table for over 30 minutes with out a single gaucho. Our waiter came by many times to take drink orders, he said he would look into where the gauchos were? I felt sorry for him, each time he came by he knew what our question would be. $200 later we went home unsatisfied, full only on cheese and salad. Thank God for the drinks. I can forgive the bad service for thanksgiving, but how do you explain the bad service the times before thanksgiving? I hear the owner got into a little financial trouble. Maybe he is trying to cut corners to pay his way out. Either way the I won't be back for a while. So many great restaurants in Madison why waste your money here.
I have only been to Samba Grill for the Sunday brunch (not for dinner), and that brunch was amazing!  The salad bar was full of fresh delicious foods, including pastries, eggs, bacon, etc, but also all the wonderful salad stuff like hearts of palm, many selections of olives, and just so many things to try.  All the items were fresh looking and beautifully presented.

The meats on offer were excellent!  At our visit for brunch there were three meats plus grilled pineapple.  The pineapple was amazing.  The meats included delicious ham (extra amazing when eaten with the pineapple), a nice spicy sausage, and glory of glories - luscious flank steak - served medium rare and so juicy it just melted in your mouth.  The gaucho-clad waiters were pretty quick to make the rounds and we never felt neglected or stinted on the meat service.  

For the price and quality and quantity of the food, it was a good value for the money.  And the experience was great.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back again, but I'd make sure I was really hungry before hand!
The food was good, but WAY overpriced.  I really like the concept of no menu with a buffet for sides and waiters that come around offering you meat.  I felt bad for the guy who had chicken since I imagine many people decline chicken in favor of the lamb and various steak options.  However, it was $37/ person which is definitely overpriced for the quality of the food considering you can get a much higher quality entree for a similar price at L'Etoile or Harvest.  I would only recommend going here if you are extremely hungry and you really want to be able to eat right away without having to wait to place an order.  I don't plan on returning despite the beautiful atmosphere and friendly wait staff.
We came here for breakfast this morning and it was good for the most part! 

The good:
-The meats were tasty (except the sausage which was too salty for me)
-The chocolate croissants were soooo good
-A fair amount of fresh fruit offered
-Yummy Cheses

The not-so-good:
-We waited in the lobby 5 minutes before being acknowledged/seated
-The hot foods from the buffet were wayy too salty- I wasn't able to take more than a couple bites of each (potatoes,  scrambled eggs, bacon)
-It took 20 minutes to get the check after our plates had been cleard

The main thing we came here for was the meat, though, and that was delicious; Flank steak and ham-yum! The brunch cost $15.95/person
Not sure what all the rave is about this place, because we were disappointed.  The salad bar is more of a "food bar" with little salad toppings.  The price for the meat added on top of the salad bar was a lot more than it was worth.  We waited 10 - 15 minutes in between meats served table side.  We were under the impression it was kind of constant.  Our service was also very bad, with only getting our waiter over to us once during the 2 hours we were there.  We were often out of water, and we definitely would have ordered more drinks if we were asked.  That said, the food was good.  I wish we had a better experience.
I don't know whether it's the regular Groupon offers or what, but the quality of the meals at Samba has definitely declined.  Like what a few other posters have recently posted, the flavor of the steaks during a couple of recent visits were completely dominated by soy sauce and were WAY too salty.  In my view, steak should be lightly seasoned in order for one to savor the natural tastes of the meat and fat.  Service, with respect to keeping our water glasses full and delivering cocktails (the money maker), was excellent, but they seriously were lacking in people coming around with the meat.  They do tend to push the sausage and parmesan crusted pork, which actually was one of the better tasting offerings. 

Samba has definitely dropped several notches below Sabor in Milwaukee and down in the dumps compared to Fogo de Chao; however, given that two meals at Samba with the Groupon cost just a tad more than one meal at Fogo, that is to be expected.  Both Sabor and Fogo offer a much superior cold food bar section.  The meal wasn't horrible, but it just wasn't up to par compared to past experiences.  Thus, I left unsatisfied.    I definitely wouldn't pay full price to dine at Samba, but wouldn't hesitate to return using the Groupon offer.  

Food - 2 stars
Service - 3 stars (Server was at least good.....not enough dudes bringing the skewers of meat around)
Value - 4 stars w/ Groupon
Great food!!
Service was great and always asking sure we get alot of meat!!
Must try!!
I am from Brazil and I was surprised to find a churrascaria in Madison, WI, so I decided to give it a try. First experience I had when walk in was positive. Authentic Brazilian style environment. The environment was pleasant and it gave me a high expectation that the food would also be what I am use to. Well, it did not go as expected. The salad bar was OK. It lacked few authentic dishes such as the potato salads called (maionese) and another called salpico. The feijoada was not pleasing. They also forgot the side dishes that goes with the feijoada. They are the farofa, oranges and sauted collard green. On a positive note, they had a good variety of other types of salads. 
Now for the main reason why I was there. The meat!  They served the type of meat that I expected and with the right cut and the correct way it is placed on the skewer. What disappointed me a little was the way it was made. The picanha seemed to be marinated in wine. Not the way it is done. All you need is rock salt. That is it. The other meats had also a sweet taste to it. 
The only meat I liked was the lamb. It was very good. 
Overall, it was a different experience and I somewhat liked the food. It was not a true churrasco, but it was somewhat worth it.
I love Churascarias.  Having visited Rio and Sao Paulo, I think I know what a good one is.  The waiters and gauchos were very attentive.  The price point is a good value compared to nationwide chains like Fogo de chao and Texas du Brazil.  I will be back here again on my future visits to Madison.
Since this place is known to be a churrascaria I will start my review off with the meats. I am not a fan of "sweet meats" aka a meat with any kind of sweet glaze on it. When I went for Sunday brunch the offerings were sausage, flank, and ham. The grilled pineapple--sweet enough already--also had a sweet cinnamon glaze on it. 

The only redeeming quality were the fresh salad bar and fruits. They also had Wisconsin cheese offerings, nuts, and pastries. Sadly the pastries seemed to have come out of a box from Costco. There was also a buffet of scrambled eggs, bacon, and potatoes. I was really unimpressed by this place but I enjoyed getting my fill of cheap pastries, salad, and potatoes.

Decor was nice. I tried booking a reservation through Open Table but the restaurant wasn't available through the website. Odd.

Was it worth the $15? Meh. Will I be back? Probably--to try the lunch/dinner but probably not for brunch. After all I wasn't able to sample their entire selection of meats.
Meat fest, meat galore, Sambalicious!!

Samba is a pretty good Brazilian bbq, all-you-can-eat restaurant. There is a decent selection of meats and cuts, as well as a sizable salad bar. Unfortunately, the number of sides is limited to one -- the cheesy bread, which I don't have a problem with.

The funny thing is, I believe the most clutch item at Samba isn't even a meat; rather, it's the grilled cinnamon pineapple. It is absolutely delicious (and I think it helps with digestion). Take it from an avid meat-lover.

Overall, although there may be better Brazilian bbq places elsewhere, I appreciated the fact that Madison had one of its own. I also celebrated my recovery from wisdom teeth removal here.
Food was terrible, but the candles were real, not those electronic ones. That was cool. 

Music was in Spanish, not Portuguese.
I'll get the easy part out of the way. The food is excellent. The bounty available on the buffet astounded me both in variety and how good it was. The same goes for the rtisserie meats offered, plus the carvers had great timing regarding the gap between coming to the table and the sequence of who brought what.

Now on to why I deducted two stars. I deduct one for layout of the establishment. You walk into what looks like the foyer of a former house, but there is no host stand in sight. (It turns out it is upstairs in front of the main dining room.) There is what looks like the bar/waiting room in a room straight ahead of that. It is a lounge that bears the Samba name but apparently functions separately from the restaurant. Indeed, other couples wandered in and asked the bartender about table availability, etc., only to be told to go upstairs. Another star is lost to further disorgainzation amongst the waitstaff when we got upstairs. There looked to be plenty of tables open, yet we were told to wait at the bar for about half an hour. The main problem appeared to be a lack of communication between the parts of the service staff, and that only continued when we finally sat. The carvers were timely, but the waitress responsible for our drinks, clearing plates, etc., was not very attentive. The right hand did not seem to know what the left hand was doing.

In sum, great food but confused service.
I've been here on multiple occasions while I was in Madison, and I love this place! There is a very good selection of meats, and the salad bar is also really great. The cheese bread is delicious! My favorite cut is the top sirloin, it's tender, juicy, and so flavorful! 

And as others have mentioned, the grilled pineapple is definitely a must-have, make sure you ask the server to cut you a slice coated with brown sugar, it's sweet and tangy with a smokey flavor. My friends and I love it so much we tried to make it at home once, and it definitely didn't turn out as good. 

I've also been here for Restaurant Week, and the meat selection is also really decent for the reduced price. The servers are really friendly, and we were seated promptly with reservation. We always have a really good time here, and the restaurant atmosphere is suitable for both semi-formal or casual events. 

Love it!
Meat.  Meat.  Meat.

If you do not LOVE meat, then this is just a waste.  Seriously.  You have to LOVE meat.  I have been to Brazilian grills before but this was my first time at Samba.  I was upset that before I got there I paid for parking.  I was given no indication that Samba had its own parking lot.  While walking by, I saw a small sign, no bigger than a Stop sign.  

I was really excited for my dinner!  It was restaurant week in Madison and I wanted to try some place new.  My party of four made a reservation and were seated a few minutes early.  We waited nearly ten minutes for our server Antonio.  I was  not thrilled with his service.  He was ok, kind of attentive, but we had to wait for refills of drinks and clean plates.  Antonio was always a few minutes behind.  

Now the food...wow.  My favorite was the top sirloin.  Cooked nicely.  If you can not handle any pink in your steak, skip this and move on to the flank steak.  The pork was amazing.  They look like small pieces on the skewer but they are large pieces. 

You start your meal out by heading to the salad bar and hot item bar.  The mashed potatoes are great as are the vegetable assortment.  A key thing to remember is to eat this with your meal, not prior.  The salad bar was great but you are there for meat.  You can get a good salad anywhere.  There are some interesting items like heart of palm to try, but really eat the meat.  

There are nice little breads with cheese that compliment your meal.  Once again, remember you are there for the meat.  Meat. Meat. Meat.  The gauchos are fantastic.  Whatever you want, two pieces?  A small piece?  They provide this for you.

So I completely bad mouthed the pineapple.  Who would want pineapple at a Brazilian grill?  Me.  That is who.  My husband tried it first and it was amazing.  So the whole table was sold on this.  Yum.  That is all.  Yum, yum, yum.  

This is not a date place, but great for a large group
We visited Samba during restaurant week.

I had been here once before, and thought it was pretty good (though quite pricey).

Our experience last night was very mediocre.  

HOSTESS AND SEATING:  We were greeted immediately and shown to our table -great!

SERVER: Our server arrived promptly, poured water and explained how it all works - great!

It went downill from there.

SALAD BAR:  There were many tasty items on the salad bar. I agree with others though, that the ingredients for an actual salad are limited, and there were two pretty unappealing dressing choices.  The hot food around the outside tasted good, but it was all served at about room temperature...not good - overall, the salad bar disappointed.

MEAT SERVICE:  We had several concerns about the meat service.  Most of the meat was served extremely rare, to the point of being almost raw, and not even warm.  Rubbery, cold, red lamb wasn't appealing to us.  Service was extremely uneven and very slow.  Sometimes we didn't see a gaucho for 10-15 minutes.  The gauchos seemed very inexperienced, were not particulary engaging (except the pineapple guy, he rocked!).  Of the 6 meat choices, only one really seemed great (the sirloin).

THE BILL:  We were in the restaurant for two hours (yes, waiting for more meat much of the time!).  Our server never came by with a bill.  It wasn't until we both used the restroom and put on our coats that she asked if we wanted the bill. 

BOTTOM LINE:  I'm glad we only paid $25/person.  I might consider going back again for this price in a few years, but definitely not for the regular price.

UPPING THEIR GAME:  Samba could really make this special if they paid attention to some details:  ensure the food is cooked properly and served hot, and put enough gouchos on staff to keep the meat coming to customers on a consistent basis.  Also, please encourage your gauchos to engage with the customers a bit, and ensure they are comfortable and experienced in their role...some of our guys really seemed scared wielding a large knife).

It wouldn't really take much to make the experience at Samba much better.
Restaurant Week in Madison a great success again! 
I obviously went to Samba for their $25 special which included full gaucho service with the salad & appetizer bar. It was excellent.

Our service started a little rough, and after sitting at our table waiting for someone to come around to us, I had to ask a server walking by to send a waiter our way. 
After we got the ball rolling with that...it was straight up go time! Food, meat, and more meat!
I loved all the meat, but my favorite was the pineapple. It was glazed in Cinnamon and warmed. Fantastic. 
Kind of a funny story about the pineapple....everyone at my table was like, pineapple--- I'll pass! But I took full advantage of it and tried a piece. After I let it slip how great it was, everyone at the table asked for some. A perfect desert (without buying desert)! 

Not sure if I could afford to try this place on a random day of the week. This is a special kind of occasion type of restaurant. 
I would only take a date here if you know that you both have large appetites and your OK with that.
Overall, a solid 4. It was a fun night with Samba.
Definitely one of the better BBBQ I've been too!  Still can't beat the ones in LA though.  The top sirloin and new york steaks are my favorites and the flank steak, chicken, pork, and others are ok.  I never tried the cinnamon pineapple before but I am a fan of it now.

Went on a sunday night and the place was pretty empty.  Service was fine and attentive.  Food at the buffet portion was pretty fresh.  Don't forget the Wisconsin Cheese!!!
WARNING: This review is intended for meat lovers only. Content not appropriate for vegetarians.

Anyways, like most South American styled steakhouses, Samba's is a 2 course all-you-can-eat paradise for meat lovers. 

The first course consisted of a salad and soup bar, which can be ordered as a standalone meal. I actually think it's not a bad deal in and of itself, but with a few more dollars (like $15+ more), you can get some nice quality meat. 

My favorites from the salad bar: 
Sweet, soft figs
Perfectly spiced roasted almonds and brazil nuts
Creamy, aromatic goat cheese
Chunky, flavorful feijoada (beef stew)
Soup of the day, which in my case, was cream of chicken and broccoli

Now on to the main course, which consisted of 8 different kinds of meat, and their cinnamon sugar coated pineapple. The meats include 4 different types of steak, mango chicken, marinated lamb, pork tenderloin and spiced pork sausage.

Let's start with the lightweights:

The spiced pork sausages were overly salty, which really overwhelmed any of its other spices.

The mango chicken wasn't very mango-y, and it was a bit dry. 

The pork tenderloin really wasn't bad, but was completely overshadowed by the steak tenderloin.

Now on to the heavyweights:

First, I just want to mention all the beef were cooked medium, and because of the grilling method, all sides were cooked evenly. 

Marinated beef tenderloin: large chunks of thick and juicy meat.

Top sirloin: very much like the tenderloin, but not as flavorful, because of the hardness of the meat. 

New York strip: thinly cut slices of tender beef with perfectly charred sides. Because this was the most fatty, it was the most flavorful of the beef choices. The skin was also charred enough to give it a bacon-like taste (which to me, was awesome, cause bacon = awesome)

Flank steak: like the top sirloin, it loses out to its more tender cousin, the New York strip, due to taste. 

And finally, my favorite:

Marinated leg of lamb and cinnamon sugar crusted pineapple. The lamb's onion and baharat spice was absolutely delicious. I feel that good lamb should always be rubbed in baharat.

The cinnamon sugar pineapple was slightly heated, with the cinnamon firmly soaked inside. I think I really enjoyed this just because it offered something different from the copious amount of meat. 

My only issue with this place was that I wish they had more sauces. Because all the meats were grilled, they can sometimes come off as being too dry. Having some more sauce to balance that out would have been perfect.

Also, the 4 different kinds of beef were a bit overkill... first world problems I guess?

Overall, if you wanted to stuff yourself with some great quality meat, then this is probably the perfect place for you. However, I don't think I could do another trip here. It's just a bit... too much. 

PS: Too many animals were harmed in the making of this dinner.
If you're going to go out, spend some money, don't go here. I've wanted to want to really want to like Samba. But after a few years and consistent gut rot afterwards, I'm going to retire this place from my list of options. Their Groupon deal is restrictive too so be careful! (doesn't include Fri or Sat). Meat quality and selection has waned in recent years, and... well, blah.
Went here on Saturday night with a Groupon I had recently bought. Being new to Groupon, I hadn't checked the fine print terribly closely, and the waitress brought to my attention that it is supposed to only be valid Monday through Thursday. Needless to say, I was really disappointed, but the server said she would check with her manager and let us know. 
My boyfriend and I enjoyed our meal. Some highlights from the salad bar were the flavorful grilled zucchini, the seesame-ginger dressing, and the pesto pasta salad. There was a Brazilian stew which was also excellent (with black beans, sausage, and lengua). The meats were also mostly tasty, though the pork was a bit dry, and one of the steak options was overcooked as well. Gotta love that grilled pineapple with cinnamon and sugar! 
Anyway, our bill came, and the server kind of put it down and ran away. I took a look at it, and saw no mention of the discount, so I flagged her down. She again stated that for future reference that this is only supposed to be vaild during the week...but then she accepted the discount! I was so relieved. Gotta appreciate that flexibility.
Disclaimer: We were there during the last day of a Groupon promotion, so the restaurant was really busy. 

I've eaten at Samba several times over the years, and was much more impressed when it was new. Some of that is to be expected, it's a lovely space and the concept was new to Madison. The building shows some wear (fix the damn front door, already!), but overall it's holding up well enough.

The star of the show is actually not the meat service, but the wonderful first course salad bar. Not a typical salad bar, but a meal in itself- I would go there for just the curried chicken salad and the popovers. I keep telling myself 'next time', but we always get meat as well.

The meats were fine- I recommend passing on the chicken legs and the chorizo, although it makes sense financially to offer lower cost cuts in addition to the steak and tenderloin (beef and pork). Beef is served on the rare side, so be aware, but it's quite tender and juicy.

Service was perfunctory, somewhat excusable for a Groupon night, but the server lost us for dessert by taking 10+ minutes to bring the dessert menu, and then disappearing for several more. That's the first time service has been rough, though.
Samba is one of my and my husband's places to eat for a nice dinner out. It's a little pricey, but everything is always delicious!

The salad bar is beyond amazing. Lots of veggies, cheeses, an amazing balsamic goat cheese, roasted garlic spread, curry chicken, bean salad, and much more.

The meat options are also really good. The parmesan crusted pork tenderloin is one of my favorites, but my absolute favorite is the sugar cinnamon pineapple - it's pretty amazing!
I love it here. Try the tres leches desert
This place was reccomended by a colleague, and was phenominal! Best meat around! The flank steak and parmesan crusted pork are to die for. The name "salad bar" doesnt do this array of goodies any justice. This is a must stop! Atmosphere is cozy and fun. The mojitos are made from scratch and original. Delicious!
My fiancee and I came here for our anniversary.  I loved the building and the atmosphere right away.  It looked like a converted theater and felt very intimate.  We were seated and greeted immediately.  The unlimited salad bar was first.  There was so much food to pick from!  I liked the variety, the different salad dressings, and I loved the mashed potatoes.  I had to remind myself that this was only the first course and limited the amount of food I took.  Everything was delicious and I ate pretty much everything I took.  Next was the meat course, my favorite!  I'm pretty sure I tried every kind of meat they had.  I was not a huge fan of the pork or the lamb.  I felt they were not very flavorful.  However, the top sirloin and the picanha were delicious.  I had chimichanga sauce to eat with the meat which really added a lot of flavor.  We were checked on often, and when I requested a certain type of meat (more picanha), it came very quickly.  This place is pricey, but it's great for special occasions, or restaurant week!  This is the second Brazilian steakhouse I've eaten at, and I think the other one was just a little better.
I like a number of things about this place. First of all, the salad bar has some unusual items you normally don't see at salad bars (spiced almonds, sweet potato salad, a garlic hummus, etc). But more importantly, the meats are done well. It's not just flank steak, it's flank steak marinated in balsamic and honey; it's not just chicken, it's mango barbecue chicken. You get the idea. Also, you don't need dessert after a few slices of grilled pineapple with honey and cinnamon.
They have a wide selection of salad bar. And of course, all kinds of meat. 
However, it's just too much for me. Some people like it best, but I am okay. 
Not to mention, it's too pricey :)
What a disappointment! 

My husband and I went to Samba last night, and when we walked in, we noticed that there weren't many people (most of the seats were empty), and there weren't that many gauchos running meat skewers - only two, which should be far too few for a Friday night... except there weren't too many people here.  

We've been to countless churracarias in the US and Brazil, so we are well familiar with the concept: there's usually a fabulous salad bar full of fresh fruit, salads, cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, and more. Occasionally, there'll be a hot dish bar. Samba fell short here - no fruit, no cold cuts, no vinagrette (a Brazilian chopped salad, as clasically churassaco as having potato salad or baked beans at an BBQ joint here), etc. It was very small - maybe 12 main options at the salad area, with two soups, rice and beans, mashed potatoes, and feijoada in the warm dish area. There was an ok selection of cheese (but hey, it's Wisconsin, I would expect that), and the balsamic goat cheese was pretty good. The rest of the salad choices were meh at best. 

When I returned from visiting the salad bar, the first guacho was serving my husband some picanha and one of the flank steaks. I was able to snag a piece, and it was not terrible - but nowhere near as good as I expect. Unfortunately, that was the best piece of meat I had all night. As the meal progressed, the meats become worse and worse. Everything starts getting an eggy taste that got stronger with each meat.

The po de queijo eventually arrives .... but seems to be missing the cheese entirely. 

Eventually, we decided that we'd had enough, even though we weren't at all full, and that we'd find something to tide us over on the drive back to the hotel. $80 for unsatisfactory food, and a waste of time... we could have just gone to a traditional American steakhouse for that price, and gotten better food & service. I wish we had.
The meats were all great. The salad bar was fine. But the service was not what I would have expected. The host was rude and the server was constantly rushed. I have worked in the restaurant industry in years past and I understand that things can get crazy. But when I'm dishing out $150 for my wife and I to have a nice Christmas dinner, I expect a friendly host and an accompanying waitress. 

I usually love this type of Brazilian steak house. But I won't be back here. Too many other great places in Madison to give my money to.
Definitely pricey, but the food is excellent!  You could almost make a meal out of the salad bar alone (and that is an option).  All of the meats were amazing...definitely try the pineapple though too.  The staff was very attentive.  We actually turned the marker over for a bit to have time to eat because the gauchos were coming to the table so quickly.  Save room for dessert as well...my husband and I shared the flan and his aunt and uncle shared the tres leches.  Both were more than enough.
Pros:
1.  GRILLED PINEAPPLE. Oh my goooood.
2. Salad bar. I liked not having to wait for my food.
3. Cute "gaucho" guys!

Cons:
1. Lighting. Why is it so dark? Am I supposed to feel like I'm in a cave? Is that a Brazilian..thing...?
2. Price. Unless you're going to eat POUNDS of meat and salad, it's really not worth $37 per person.

Overall, not bad, but not super-crazy-awesome. Probably wouldn't go there again unless I was invited by a group, like I was for this visit. Or if I had a major grilled pineapple craving and $37 to spend.
I am a vegetarian and decided to go here with my omnivore boyfriend (it was first time going to a Brazilian Grill). I was worried there wouldn't be too many options for me but the salad bar proved me wrong. I thought it was absolutely delicious! The grilled pineapple was awesome as well! My boyfriend really enjoyed the meat options as well! He said it was nice that you didn't have to wait long to be served a different meat. We went here for restaurant week and were not disappointed. The price tag was a smidge high but overall a very nice place to eat.
Went to Samba during Restaurant Week. It was going to be my second time eating here. I did enjoy my first experience, so I figured I'd stop by again. They had the all you can eat salad bar and the endless meat for the Restaurant Week price of $30. I tried the "Batida" cocktail which was a passion fruit drink. Extremely sweet. I had this cocktail not too long ago during my first experience, and I don't remember it being so sweet. Maybe my palate has changed? The salad bar had great options. The black beans were tasty! Reminded me of Cuban style black beans with garlic and onions. The meats that happened to stop by my table were okay. Out of the mediocre meats, I liked most the "Picanha." I'm a fan of fat on meat and this cut had that. I do remember it tasting better the first time I came here as well. I also remeber the pork sausage that I got to try. It was really greasy, so I took one bite and had enough. The sausage tasted good, but was just too greasy for my liking. Overall, the meats were mediocre, and I do not believe I got to try every meat they had. I was seated in a small semi-private room, so I did feel a bit neglected at times. However, I did not leave hungry and I would give this place another shot.
I have been to Samba a handful of times over the past five years. It has never been at the top of my list for restaurants to attend. In fact, the only reason I have attended this restaurant the last few times we have gone is because of a groupon (2) and because a group of friends wanted to go. I feel like this place is on its last legs. 

From start to finish it was a constant blunder. We showed up at 6:45 on a Sunday night and they were slammed. The hostess said she "would definitely have us seated by 7:10." I didn't ask for such specificity, but okay, cool. 

We waited in the empty bar. We were the only two people there. It took our bartender 15 min to get us a glass of wine and a mojito. I sat there waiting to pay another 10 min. When the bartender finally took my card she sat it down on her cutting board where they slice the fruit and proceeds to finish making two more drinks for other tables. She called me sweetly and honey several times, which I found very disrespectful. She finally back my alcohol and juice covered credit card. End of that story. 

The hostess finally comes to seat us at 7:20. We sit down and the waiter shows up after about a five min wait. I ordered a glass of wine. About 20 min later we had to ask for it again. Our waiter then tells us he has a large section and he is sick. I'm sorry, but I don't really feel like getting sick either. I seriously question the health practices there. 

The food is pretty static. It's grilled meats and a fancy salad bar. It's really not bad. The flank steak, Parmesan pork and lamb are all pretty decent. 

The place is a little pricey. Couple glasses of wine, two dinners and tip will put you over $100. The wines by the glass are weak.
Samba is really expensive, considering how mediocre the service is.  I went for brunch recently and the hostess (an older woman) wouldn't seat us until our entire party had arrived (who were just looking for parking, which we told her).  I don't mind this policy when a restaurant is at capacity, but there were at least a dozen EMPTY tables.  She also wouldn't take our coats until our party had arrived!?!?  
     My partner can put food away, so we've been here several times, but for anyone with a normal appetite you can feel compelled to absolutely GORGE yourself to get your money's worth.
Not much meat selection,  really slow,  even though,I wasn't crowded.  The meat was really some poor cuts. Ie sirloin.   The salad bar was boring. I have to say I came Here about a year ago and was really impressed.
Yes the prices are high, but they're not as high as a Fogo de Chao or other super upscale Brazilian Steakhouse. However, the quality of meat is nearly as good. They have nine different meats: two Top Sirloins, Flank Steak, Beef Tenderloin, sausage, garlic chicken legs, Mango BBQ chicken, Parmesan Pork tenderloin, and Leg of Lamb. The pork, beef and BBQ chicken were all so tender and flavorful. Great contrast of tastes for the meats: the tenderloin and BBQ chicken were very sweet while the sirloin and pork were very savory. The cinnamon pineapple is absolutely amazing and really provides a good mix up for the meat. 

The reason I'm not giving them five stars is their salad bar was a big let down. A couple stews, different salads you could find at a WalMart (potato salad, pasta salad, romaine lettuce, etc). I guess I thought there should have been more accouterments for the meat. 

Plan on sitting for a while and eating to your heart's content-- I'd suggest going very, very hungry and you'll be satisfied!
Great looking place! Waited 25 minuts but only 10 or so dining..... not sure why! Salad was good! Food was o.k at bwst. Most was dry and overcooked.
If you have wanted to travel to Brazil but just haven't had the time to plan your trip, it's okay!!! You can travel to the next best thing, Val's Brazilian Restaurant in the city of Goodyear in Phoenix Arizona and experience Brazil up close and personal.  I've been to Brazil over the past 7 years and visited numerous Brazilian restaurants and eaten in  Churrascaria barbeque style food; let me say that Val's Brazilian Restaurant offers the same quality and atmosphere as the restaurants of Brazil. I have had more than a few friends visit me from Brazil and they all agreed with me that Val's Brazilian Restaurant serves the best Brazilian food and the fun lively atmosphere is outstanding.  I would recommend Val's Brazilian Restaurant if you like to have delicious Brazilian food and lots of fun.    On the weekends (Friday and Saturday nights) they offer live Brazilian music and live entertainment, with musicians from Brazil, and of course samba dancing performances at 8-9-10p.m. This is such a treat not only for you but for your friends and kids. I was there last Friday evening and had the pleasure to watch a 3 year old who loved the music so much he danced during the entire samba performances.   So if you want to have  some fun and good food go check out Val's Brazilian Restaurant and truly experience a taste of Brazil, you will be greeted by many Brazilians working at the restaurant with not only a smile, but asking how you like the food and music. You will more than likely be greeted from the owner, Val, personally.  This place is sooo much fun you will be glad you went.
The one and only time I visited was just enough to make me not want to try again. I went early enough in the lunch period that they should have what is on the menu. I tried to order two dishes to go, neither was available. So I just order what ever catches my eye at another glance at the menu. One chicken dish and one pork. Both were dry and just bad. My mate opened his box and took a bite and asked me what this crap was and tossed it in the trash. I made a couple of clubs at home instead.
I have now been to Val's twice.  My friend Nancy is in love with Val's and talks about it constantly, so when I was out on her side of town I went to dinner with her.  Val is amazing.  She is super friendly and is the main reason I am giving Val's a 4.  The food is good, but from what I've seen, the menu doesn't really exist.  She has food that is prepared, and if you get what is available it is quite good.  The mashed potatoes and tuna salad is amazing.  I understand this is not really a meal but they are both delicious.  I don't know that I am dying to go back, but if it was suggested I wouldn't run away.
Are they closed?? We stopped on 6-25-08 and everything was empty.
Tried Dino's Greek & Italian in the same plaza. three stars for it also.
Bring your appetite.

This location just opened last week.  We went on their 3rd night and I was very impressed with the smoothness of their operation.  This restaurant is a Churrascaria, an all-you-can-eat-meat experience where the "gauchos" bring 12 varieties on swords and carve a little off right at your table.  I've been to Samba in the Mirage, and while good, Texas de Brazil is way better (and more expensive).  However, I must say compared to Fogo de Chau (the gold standard for Churrascarias)  this place gets an 8 out of 10.  While Fogo de Chau ranks as one of the 5 best meals of my life, Texas de Brazil is just a great meal that I would come for special occasions or when folks come to visit.
This is my first experience with a meat orgy (okay, that sounds bad LOL).

Long story short, I learned a lot about steak. The sides were delicious. All in all, way too much food (so I took advantage of the salad bar to give my heart a break).

The service was spectacular! So attentive, polite, and all the while it had a real feel to it... not a, "dude im kissing your ass cuz I need to buy a new xBox."

I finished off with some dessert... a monster piece of chocolate cake that was just too good to finish in one shot (I saved it for the next days breakfast).

Oops... almost forgot - the decor was very sharp. I was impressed. The bathroom had these awesome super tall metal doors on both the entrance and the stalls. No detail was left behind.
I stumbled upon this nirvana purely by accident.  Fiance and I just got off work and went to Town Square to go to the Apple Store.  We drove by Texas de Brazil and figured to give it a try.  I was expecting a BBQ place at a Sizzler or Outback Steakhouse level but this place was like the Wynn Buffet but with all meat!

This was our first experience in a Churrascaria, and boy, it was unbelievable.  We were wary about not being given a menu nor seeing any prices so we figured this would create a hole in our pocket.  (Turned out to be about $50/person which is steep but definitely worth it.)  Imagine a parade of fine succulent meat served at your table.... every bite juicy and flavorful.  The salad bar was stocked with the freshest ingredients as well.  

The quality of their service only made the entire experience better.  Fiance and I are trying to make up an excuse to go back!  Early Thanksgiving dinner, perhaps?
Y'know that feeling where you ate so much that you can only breathe through your  mouth?  Well, that happened to me last night as I gorged and gorged on an endless supply of meat at Texas de Brazil.  And boy, was I paying for it afterwards.  I was drunk...on food.  I was delirious from overeating, my eyes were glossy, and I could barely walk straight.  I had eaten myself to oblivion.

After our waiter (Adam) gave us the whole introduction of how it worked here, we helped ourselves to the salad bar.  I was pleasantly surprised with their offerings and loaded up on marinated artichoke hearts, cooked mushrooms, quinoa, au gratin potatoes, marinated garlic gloves, shrimp, their soup of the day (lobster bisque), and all their other good stuff.

The Big F was taking a bit too long to turn his little card over to green, so I started without him.  Meanwhile, the sides were soon to arrive.

* Garlic Mashed Potatoes - I was too busy enjoying the creaminess of the au gratin potatoes to give much attention to the mashed version.

* Sweet Fried Bananas - This is probably what put me over the edge.  It was so sweet and sugary good and I ate a lot of it, and I do mean a lot.  The cinnamon on these bananas just had me wanting more and more.  And I probably did take a bite of the banana in between every bite of meat, I just couldn't help it.  It was that good.  And the Big F was having more than his share too!

* Brazilian Cheese Bread - It was good, but I had better.  Just as well since I didn't need that for an additional filler.  The Big F finished off the bread basket on his own!

They usually offer around 8-15 kinds of meat in one day, among the meats that I tried: 

* Cordeiro - Young leg of lamb that is tender and full of flavor.  Definitely a good one!

* Costela de Carneiro - My favorite out of the bunch, the lamb chop.  It was one of the first meats I tried and it was the last thing I ate.  It was so tender, juicy, and just good.

* Signature Garlic Picanha - The crispiness outside edge of the rump cover was so good and tender.  One of our favorites!

* Filet Mignon Wrapped in Bacon - It started off tender, but ended up okay in the end.  Stick to the picanha instead!

They did have chicken and pork roaming around, but I chose to pass on them this time.  I was too preoccupied with the beef and lamb choices.  I did try a few other meats, but they were less memorable.  There's a couple of dipping sauces for the meats, including the mint one for lamb and something else humming of garlic.  (I got a bit of it on my sleeve and was smelling it the rest of the night!)

Service was good and attentive.  They really make an attempt to please you and make sure you leave happy and satisfied.  I don't know how one manages to make it to dessert after you ate so much meat.  The carrot cake alone is a huge three-layer slice!

It's definitely the kind of place for hardcore meat lovers ($45/pp) and even vegetarians would do all right if they stuck with the salad bar ($30/pp or so).  Children 6 and under eat free, but 7-12 are half price. 

RESERVATIONS highly recommended!  You can do that through OpenTable.com too!

When you sign up for their eClub, you get a 25% discount (up to a party of 8) if you dine their within the next month!  That's a pretty good deal, especially when celebrating an event.  

We'll be back once I recover!

4.5 stars
MEAT, MEAT, and more MEAT! that is all I can say about this place. Truly a carnivores delight.  Since I'm usually a rare meat eater, the only knock I have about this place is everything is cooked med rare-med, and at times med-well. With requests made to the kitchen for blue and etc. Oh well I can't have it all!
Its a great fun place for groups at a reasonable price - $45 per person.  Its all you can eat meat! and a salad bar too.  Service was great, there was never a wait for the food.(Not as good as Rodizio's in Denver, CO if you've been there)   

Only bad thing is I was told there was a 45min wait, after 30min I double checked and they told me 20more, so when 30min came around I asked again and they said ANOTHER 20min. So my "45 min" wait was really 1.5 hours.
I went to Texas De Brazil with a bunch of my hard-partying coworkers after a twelve hour day at work. We arrived at 6 and were promptly seated by the friendly staff.

The guys went for the salad bar and walked up to the table with heaping dishes, full of something other than meat! Oh no!!!

I ended up going to the salad bar and adding some prosciutto, olives, tomatoes, and some cheeses to go along with the Malbec wine from Terrazas vineyards in Argentina.

I was on my second olive when the boys with the skewered meat cuts started showing up. I never said no and watched as they cut succulent 
cuts of meat while I scrambled to grab the tongs to receive them.

One after another, the garlic Picanha, Bacon wrapped filet mignon, Brazilian sausages, bacon wrapped chicken, Pork ribs, beef ribs kept on coming. 

I was in awe that the smallest guy in the group (a slender 5'-5" tall) was keeping up with the guys in the gaucho suits! It was his first time here and he was inhaling the cuts!! 

I had my second glass of Malbec and the cuts kept on coming,  this wine is perfect for red meat. The cheese bread was ok, The fried polenta was great, the sides were good although I kept them to a minimum.

The most memorable moment was when one of the gauchos came by with the picanha (3 sirloin cap steaks skewered on a sword) and literally hacked the steaks off from top to bottom for me....it was like watching a landslide of heaven roll onto the plate. The guy was enjoying watching us stuff our faces silly.

In the end, all of us walked out working a little harder to breathe normally....we tried so hard not to laugh or share jokes. We ended up returning to our hotels and slipping into a self-induced food coma.

The place is on Las Vegas Blvd and Sunset (just north of Mandalay Bay casino/hotel).

The wine list = 5 stars
The service = 5 stars
Variety of cuts = 4 stars
Price = 4 stars
Ambiance = 4 stars
Overall = 4.5 stars

PS if you plan on visiting, eat a light breakfast and you may want to skip lunch.
look for coupons before you come
all you can eat meat for 50% off
just as good if not better than fogo de chao
Some of my friends and I went to this churrascaria this last weekend!Dude,we ate SO much that  we lost the Wrangler National Finals Rodeo!!! : S  (So embarrassed to say it!...blushing...)
Was almost perfect ! The rodzio was fast,and the meat were harassing us shamelessly! Also,BEST lamb,EVER!!!! For desert ask for PUDIM ( caramel flan)...If you there,though! ; )
The down point ,as  a traditional Brazilian rodzio  were: the size of the sodas there,they looked like  key-chains or souvenirs ( by the way,ask for GUARANA!), no "mandioca frita" (fried yucca) and,this one was a heart breaking for us,no chicken hearts! Brazilians love it in our barbecue !!! L.O.L...Seriously,stop gagging!!!...L.O.L
Was a great experience and a wonderful ambiance!!! Went there twice on our  weekend stay.  = D
I think this place deserves between 4 and 4.5 stars. It is new and the service was impeccable.

The food is great value for your money ($45/person) and the wine can be as affordable as $30 bucks a bottle, or as high as hundreds of dollars.

They wouldn't call themselves a buffet, but it kind of has the same idea. You start at a unlimited salad bar, and honestly, there's not much salad about it which was awesome. They had mozzarella, parmigiano cheese, prosciutto & salamis, their very own smoked salmon, in additon to salad, as well as soups.

When you're ready, they will start bringing out the meats. Make sure to ask for filet mignon, they had it but were stingy about taking it out! Their ribs are also melt-in-your-mouth and their lamb didn't have much of a gamy taste. Skip the chicken if you can, this place has a TON of  better meat choices than that.

Oh, also, TAKE YOUR TIME! My friend went crazy and then threw up 30 minutes into the meal...You really need to take your time here and don't rush, even if the servers seem pushy with cutting you the meat.

It is an enjoyable experience though and looking forward to doing it again =)
This place makes sure you get your money's worth!!!! They kept coming to our table with meat meat and meat. I was stuffed just looking at the meat on my plate. I wish I hadn't drank so much sangria so that I could stuff my face some more. Waiters were very attentive and friendly. A very pretty restaurant with lots of yummie meat and a full salad bar. I feel like you shouldn't eat much all day to have dinner here. Filet mignon was the best~!
Great sweet sangria which even my best friend liked and she doesn't drink!!!
My usual crew and I agreed that Texas de Brazil has earned it's place on our 5 star list. There are very few places that get 5 stars. 

We had the lunch selection. Lunch has a less meats than dinner, but all very tasty. The house special meat is extremely good as is the garlic sirloin. Lunch does not have the fillet Mignon, bacon wrapped fillet Mignon or lamp chops. There is a significant price difference between lunch and dinner selections. The salad/side bar is the same for both services. 

The wait service is excellent. Our waitress made sure that we had all that we needed and was very nice. Even though the restaurant is off the strip, it is a place that you need to visit for the price and food. Lunch was about $24 and dinner is at about $40. Well worth it!
A great place to get your meat on.  The cold bar has some nice cheeses and vegetables.  The wine list will not disappoint either.   Go hungry and with sufficient dining time to get your moneys worth.
If there were ever a place where even a T-Rex would look at you like you were crazy when offered a desert menu at the end of a meal, it would have to be Texas de Brazil. The Food was amazing, and the service was impeccable... The theme seems to follow along the same lines as any other Brazilian all-you-ca-eat-meat fest that can be found scattered around the West Coast, but the atmosphere is really industrial and trendy. The only other time I've been to a place like this was in Los Angeles at Fogo De Chao's. Same idea... get your sides yourself, sit down, turn the red/green card over to the green side, and then feast like Henry the 8th. Much of the meat was cooked to perfection, which has GOT to be hard considering that there is so much, but all the samples I tried were seasoned well and flavorful. The wait was VERY long, as I'm sure people who walked in and got seated had trouble rolling themselves out afterward, but the wait is WELL worth it... it was also a Saturday night during a convention weekend.. but we were told that the restaurant is crowded like that nightly... BTW.. the salmon at the "salad" bar is AWESOME!!!... Yow!
If you were stranded in a desert for days and have had nothing to eat, then bring your huge appetite and a ben franklin bill to this place!  It's a meat lover paradise!  All you can eat meat!!!  Steak, chicken, sausage, lamb, you name it, you can eat as much as you want.  And they were all well cooked too!  There's also a salad bar with ample selection of greens and cheese.   Lastly, the dessert menu is outstanding. I had the banana cream pie and it sure hit the spot!
I thought the food and the service were great. My favorite was the flank steak. Go figure. I am not sure if I just ate too much or something else was wrong, but I was sick all night after I ate here. It makes me hesitate to go back, which is too bad, because I was eager to go back before I got sick. Desserts are about $7.50 and are good but not totally necessary.
Great place for the carnivore in all of us! Sign up for their email list to get 25% off coupons in your email. 

My favorite meats are the garlic picanha and the BBQ pork ribs. All the sides at the salad bar are fresh and tasty as well. I always get tomatoes and drench them in balsamic vinegar. Their cheese bread isn't as good as some other churriscarias I've been to though. I recommend the bananas foster for desert.

The service has always been excellent each time i''ve been there (4 times since they've opened).
This is probably one of the best Brazilian Steakhouses you'll go to. I'm reserving the 5th star for one that impresses me on all cuts of meat and with a salad bar. (I know, it's impossible).

Lobster Bisque, Mashed Potatoes, Queso Bread and a huge salad bar for $50? The place is on par with Fogo and I'm so glad theres a meat buffet in Vegas because I'm sick of endless amounts of mediocre food at the Wynn and Bellagio. That's right, I said it. 

Don't forget to print out coupons! They have them readily online and are usually 20% off at least.
Texas de Brazil is a brand new restaurant in a new little corner of Las Vegas' Town Square.  It is tastefully appointed (if a bit dull), and has pretty attentive, friendly service.  

As far as the food goes, I would say that it's good, but not great.  You sit down, and then you're offered access to a buffet, with a soup (lobster bisque), salad, and some vegetables and cold cuts, and a little fish.  We were also given a plate of mashed potatoes and fried plantains. 

All this, of course, purely exists to break up the unlimited beef (with occasional appearances by lamb, pork and chicken) monotony (in my new favorite euphemism, Texas de Brazil doesn't offer a buffet, but "continuous dining."  The meat varied in doneness, from medium to well done with various cuts on skewers served by "gauchos," which I believe is Spanish for "overly aggressive."  The meat, when not overdone, was fairly tasty, though several meat cuts were overly salty.  This is unsurprising given that you pay for each drink (no free refills on anything except water).  Bacon-wrapped filet mignon, bacon wrapped chicken, lamb chops, and all sorts of beef are heaped onto your plate by the gauchos, who ignore the little flip cards they give you, where one side (green) is supposed to indicate a desire for more meat by the gauchos, and the other side (red) is supposed to indicate "no mas."  Because the doneness of some of the meat is well done, I found myself inadvertently taking some grey, overly done pieces of meat.  Overall, I'd say the food is about average at this price level, though obviously if you value quantity over quality, your rating may be up further.

The service is reasonably attentive, and when we visited on a Feb '09 Friday night, the entire restaurant was hopping.  The restaurant foyer reeked of paint (it had just opened).  The restaurant is clean, including the bathrooms, which is welcome in a buffet where you're eating with the dirty, unwashed masses in Las Vegas.

The cost is $45.  As mentioned previously, you get a 25% off coupon just for signing up on their website for their mailing list, and you get a free dinner with the purchase of another dinner offer (not buy-one-get-one free) on your birthday (the website asks for your birthdate, though they don't check anything at the restaurant).  I wouldn't pay $45 for dinner at Texas de Brazil, since I'd rather eat at someplace like the Bellagio Buffet if I wanted to pay for an expensive buffet, or at countless other restaurants for a cheaper, better value experience.  With the coupons, I'd start considering going back to Texas de Brazil, but it wouldn't be my first choice, because of the inconsistency of the food (and my lessened desire to dine at all-you-can-eat, er, "continuous eating" establishments).  But you could definitely do worse than Texas de Brazil for a meal, especially if you take advantage of a coupon and you've never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before.  Three stars awarded based on the full price $45 cost.
If you're idea of hitting the jackpot in Vegas is eating all-you-can-eat steak, chicken, pork, and lamb, this is the place to go.  Texas de Brazil offers a salad bar, which is more like an anitpasti bar, complete with olives, salami, various cheeses, marinated artichokes, mushrooms, red peppers, green beans, and a variety of salad dressings.  They also have a buffet set up for side dishes like: potatoes au gratin, rice, and traditional Brazilian sides.  When you return with your antipasti plate, the waiters begin offering you the various meat choices.  I tried the breast of chicken wrapped in bacon, the Brazilian sausage, parmesan crusted pork, and house special steak.  All of the meats were tender and flavorful.  I did skip on some of the red meats and the lamb, but my husband tried them all and thought everything was delicious.  If you don't mind venturing off the strip, Texas de Brazil is one restaurant you must check out.
I'm officially a "carnivorous"!!!!!!!  Love this place!!!!  I was very impressed by their so-called salad bar, which was not tooo vegan friendly.   Funnily, my Uncle who frequents Las Vegas, said that it was the highlight of his whole trip.  *phew*  I was the culprit that brought him and my 2 other meat-loving cousins.  I was relieved they all liked it, or else..........
This was one of the most gratifying experiences of my life. Ok well it was pretty delish! I mean the assortment of flavors in meats. I was in meat heaven!  A bit pricey, however, sign up and you get a buy one get one free coup for your b-day.  If you are a vegan this is not the place for you.  
Oh and go hungry... get your money's worth. We filled up easily in 20 minutes with a array of tastes.
This place is awesome!!! Make sure you save up your appetite because its all-you- can eat MEAT! There were so many different types of meat. My favorite was the  filet mignon wrapped in bacon! It was so tender and tasty. I will definitely go back again.  I recommend you try it out. Its off the strip in the new Town Square Mall.  I suggest you make reservations.  Its something different to try out instead of the vegas buffets (which i enjoy too!).   

And the service was excellent!
We came here for a bachelor party dinner. I was the best man and had to organize the dinner. Making reservations was very simple and easy. We had a party of 16 and they were able to accommodate us fairly easily. I made reservations like 3 weeks before our dinner. Like the others here have said, make sure you come here on an empty stomach since you will be able to eat to your heart's content. We had come from a day of intense paintballing so we were hungry. The meat was seriously flowing that day. Some were better than others but overall it was great.
Been here a few days ago. This place is pretty good overall. I had their salad bar only. My friends had the meat part. There is a lot of meat, and my friends enjoyed the various choices. The salad bar doesn't just have salad. They have salmon, pasta, lobster soup etc. I found the veges a little bit bland and some too salty. I love the friend bananas they brought out for us. Service is really great here. It was a big group of people with me, and the waitress split the check for everyone. She didn't even add in the gratitude fee. We also used as previous people suggested the coupon online and got 25% off. It's a little chilly, so bring a small jacket.
3.5 stars.. but I'll round down because drinks, and dessert are extra, and if you pay full pop you're looking at serious coin for a full meal (drinks, meats, dessert, tax and 20% tip)

Used a 25% off coupon for signing up for the email list.  Had dinner here 
(44.99 plus tax)

The filet mignon, and filet mignon wrapped in bacon were some of the best meats.  The filet was very tender and cooked perfectly.

The lamb chops were a little dry, and overcooked even though they were supposed to be medium rare.  I had rack of lamb the night before at Bellagio, and thought they were more tender and tastier at Bellagio.

The cheese bread was excellent, and they even brought a full basket of them when I asked for more.

I'd have to say Fogo De Chao was better, but much more expensive. 
Compared to the Bellagio gourmet dinner buffet.. I think the lamb chops were more tender there, than here.

The service was good.

If you can find a 2 for 1 deal here, this would be a great deal.
This place was great, service was alright but the food was delicious. Go with an empty stomach, because there's a lot to eat.
A GREAT place for meat lovers =) Meat Heaven! U get ALL you CAN Eat all different types of meats which they bring to you on a stick to eat... =) what more can u ask for?? =)
We went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  The food was absolutely wonderful.  The wait staff was very attentive (even sometimes too attentive!).  We arrived early so we didn't need to wait but a few minutes and by the time we left the place was packed.  We were seated in an area off the main dining room which I highly recommend.  It was far quieter and we really enjoyed our meal.  The main room is very noisy.

My only other suggestion is that they should put that they are open for lunch on their website - had we known this, we might've gone for lunch as dinner was a bit pricey (but worth it for a once in a blue moon type outing!)
I think that this may be a 4.5 star type place, but I figured that despite my minor critiques, the fact that in the midst of a horrific recession in a town with insane unemployment, their business is through the roof.  Perhaps it is well earned.

Texas de Brazil is a high end steakhouse that serves unlimited amounts of meat via skewers seasoned with primarily rock salt.  The full dinner menu has 5 cuts of beef, 2 lamb, 2 chicken, 2 pork and 1 sausage (going by memory, so may vary).  If you are a veteran of Brazilian BBQ, you will find the familiar pichana cut, garlic steak, skirt steak, filet, top sirloin, bacon-wrapped chicken, lamb chop, leg of lamb, pork rib, pork loin.  Only the parmesean chicken was something I had not seen at any other place.

Meat quality = as good as it gets.  I suppose you could make the case that they could have used Kobe or organic or other speciality, but then your dinner would not be $44.99 AYCE.  Beef cuts are medium rare (even rare) and I mean a nice mooing medium rare, not a fake LA medium rare.  If you have a sensitivity to salt or otherwise must monitor your intake, be careful as this place is slightly saltier than your typical BBQ.  If you are the type to add salt to your fries, then you probably have no idea what I am talking about.

Meats that didn't make the cut were the pork ribs which were a bit charred, leg of lamb was salty, dry and really gamey (I guess that is typical of this cut) and the Portuguese sausage.  The sausage was not bad per se, but if you are shelling out $44.99, I would save room unless you are really into this.

The beefs were awesome.  If your dining companion is a "well-done" beef eater, you should leave them at home.  They can make the beef well-done, but you will have to special order.  And seriously, find someone who appreciates raw cow.

Oh yeah, there is a salad bar with the usual type stuff.  Salad, fresh mozeralla, tabouille, lobster bisque, rice, green beans, white beans, smoked salmon.  A few notable things were missing that are typically offered at a Brazilian BBQ - broccoli, collard greens and stroganoff... hmmm, some of my favorites, too.  The rice was great if that sort of thing is important to you as it is to me.  The sauteed mushrooms were excellent and not typically offered at other Brazilian restaurants.

Service.  We had a primary waiter, a secondary waiter to help with the garlic, fried plantains, cheese bread and water and an army of busboys ready to swipe your empties.  They will top off your drink, make sure you eat too much, check up on you and even guide the meat handlers as to what to bring by.  And the meat guys will give you food even when your button is on stop.  This is one of the few places in which the service was a little too attentive.  I mean, I like being checked up on, but they asked every few minutes.  Perhaps it works out when the place is full.  Better too good than bad, I suppose.  Just bear in mind, this isn't a good place to have a private conversation, argument or whisper sweet nothings.

The interior is nicely decorated, bright and fancy.  The only thing is that you sit fairly close to other diners.  Not Flemings close, but still not very private.

Get on the mailing list for these guys.  They offer great specials such as 20% off or mothers dine free on Mother's Day.
ok. i'll make this brief.

been here three times. 
absolutely perfect all three times.

sign up on their website and get discounts.(tip)

brazilian drinks are awesome -get them 'premium' with leblon cachaca.
don't eat ANYTHING ALL DAY and then come here. you're going to
be stuffed when you leave.

the only only minor thing i would change about this place.
slow down on the men coming to the table..can get a wee-bit
bothersome at times especially when they come around the
same thing. 

and why do you have to request the short ribs?
any other brazilian place like this they come to the table ...
come on...bring it on? 

and no briskett?
guys. you have to add this at some point to round out
everything.

as you can see, i've been here way too many times that i recognize
these little faults :)


highly recommended... the best brazilian restaurant in town.
Filet, lamb, & pork oh my... This is meat lovers heaven. I questioned why we were going to dinner at the senior hour of 4:30PM -- 30 min into the meal I knew the answer. --I mean we were there for 3 hours! The gauchos with their meat sticks never stop coming. Not to mention their impressive salad bar. No need to even get salad at the salad bar --same that stomach room for lobster bisque, spicy shrimp, prosciutto & gourmet cheeses. But be careful --it is very easy to fill up on that alone--don't forget the gauchos & their meat sticks are coming. I'm not a huge meat eater so if I do come again I will only get the salad bar. $45 / person is not cheap but the sirloin did melt in my mouth. I'd say worth a visit but I won't be turning into a regular.
Wow, I'm in the Las Vegas area working a conference and a bunch of my co-workers stopped by for dinner at Texas de Brazil.  I've been to churrascarias in Sao Paolo, Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco and NC but this might be the best.  Inside it's large and open, a stylish place that's elegant and earthy.  Beautiful display of stacked wine bottles behind a cool, glass enclosure.   Large seating capacity, good for both large groups or an intimate couple.  

Texas de Brasil starts you off with pao de queijo, warm and chewy little cheese biscuits.  Out front they've got a beautiful buffet with salad, cold meats, cheeses, fresh veggies, shrimp, salmon, potatoes au gratin, lobster bisque, delish!  But don't fill up too much on the buffet because it's all about the meat at Texas de Brazil.   Flip your meat coin over to green and the waiters come tableside with a large, sword of meat!  We're talking sirloin, filet mignon, lamb, parmesan chicken, ribs, pork, sausage and more.  My gosh!  The meat is cooked in rock salt, some may think it's overly salty, I find it tasty.  Along with the meats you also get some mashies and baked plantains, yum!  Strong wine selection with bottles from $40 to $200.  

While the decor and food is great, what really impressed me was the service.  Our waitress was fast and thorough, really professional and attentive service.  Napkins were folded up nicely after we left the table and service was timely.  I rarely ever get bad service but it's so nice when you get exceptional service.  In the end, Texas de Brazil does a great rendition of a Brazilian steakhouse with one downside, don't expect to walk out of this place for less than $60 per person after a drink or two.  But you know what?  The place delivers a fantastic experience across the board so if you've got a carnivorous, special occasion coming up, Texas de Brazil should be at the top of your list!  

And a big thank you to Las Vegas Yelpers for recommending this place to me!
I went here with my hubby to celebrate my birthday last weekend. The sad part was that I couldn't use the coupon from their website because it isn't valid on Saturdays! 

The service is impeccable! Our waiter took the time to explain to us how to get the best out of our dining experience, since it was our first time there. The salad bar was full of items one wouldn't normally find on a salad bar, shrimp, prosciutto, crostinis with cheese. There is also a lobster bisque that my husband raved about (and ate 2 bowls of) however I found to be too acidic. The moment I put it in my mouth, I knew I would need a tums! The server brings to the table garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas. Both of these items were delicious. The bananas are supposed to cleanse your palate in between tasting the different meats. 

As for the meats: 
Picanha and garlic picanha- absolutely wonderful! The perfect balance of saltiness. 
Parmesan crusted chicken- great flavor with a crunchy crust 
Bacon wrapped chicken- surprisingly moist and delicious 
Parmesan pork- I found had a good flavor but was too tough 
Bacon wrapped Filet- a disappointment. It was good quality meat, it just didn't compare to the taste of the sirloin (picanha) 
BBQ baby back ribs- yummy! they were very tender and covered in a tasty sauce 
Lamb-the chops were overcooked by my standards. I know most people don't prefer rare meat like me, but I would have settled for a little pink? these were well done! The leg of lamb was juicier but still lacked flavor. 

Overall we had a very enjoyable evening. We ordered 2 Gin and Tonics and they were STRONG! I had to let the hubby drink mine because I had to drive us home. 

If you're a meat eater you will love this place.
Fantastic!

I'm not one for having my dinner paraded around before I eat it but this restaurant beats any of the "tourist" restaurants on the strip any day! The food was fantastic! $40.00 per person, not including drinks or desert. Be sure to sign up for the email specials on their website and receive the discount coupon. This place does get busy, make reservations.
Texas de Brazil is amazing! 
The staff is very attentive and friendly. 
The food is delicious. The meats are tender and have great flavor. They also have a salad bar that has everything you would ever want. Everything is fresh and well stocked. We have eaten here a dozen times and have never been disappointed. 

Go try it, I am sure you will agree.
This place left me confused.  They advertise a relaxed dining experience with fine wines.  Unfortunately, although the service is first rate, the food arrives at the table so quickly and in rapid succession that you cannot even get to sip your wine.

The dcor is great.  It is inviting and invigorating.  You know you are about to have a different dining adventure.

Now for the down side.  The food all taste the same.  Beef, lamb, chicken, and sausage all brushed with bacon grease.  The majority of the beef offerings were overly salty.  To make things worse, the sides that they give you (mashed potato and cooked bananas) do nothing to brighten the pallet.  You will leave the restaurant feeling that you ate several thousand calories all coming from fat.

It's too bad.  This is a good concept.  Unfortunately, the food quality does not justify the high price ($45 / person).  There are many other better choices in Vegas.
I love Brazilian steakhouses, the amount of various meats to choose from and the fast paced service from the meat carriers/servers. I love texas de brazil in Chicago so when I saw on the cab an ad for Texas de brazil here in vegas I wanted to check it for lunch (casino buffets not worth the price) soon after I would check in at the hotel. It is well off the strip so you can't walk there even if u were as south as Luxor...it's in the town square mall and it from the inside and outside great dcor...salad bar better than the one in Chicago... Everything as great except for the service of our initial server and the meat servers...we got our after asking 3 times and the meat came every 15-20 minutes...the servers are suppose to work together but here it seemed like Noone wanted to help the other server...I had to ask for 2 slices of meat since I knew I won't see another server for a while... I give it two stars for the dcor and salad bar... The service sucked, if it was one person I would say they were having a bad day but the entire service seemed unorganized and not really there to work...
I am a HUGE Brazilian BBQ fan and this place is the top of the heap thus far..

The salad bar is the size of a classroom. It has everything you can imagine on it, cheeses, spreads, breads, olives, multiple salads, did I say cheese? You could have a quality dinner just off of it.

Then, the meat comes. I was smart enough to avoid the temptation to stuff myself from the salad bar and wait for the steak and it was worth it. Just some of the best meats Iv had in a while..

And , for reference, lets talk about how the meat is cooked: OVER A FIRE. If you want something well done, thats towards the outside. If you want it rare (bloody for me), that will be on the inside. If you don't tell the guy who's carving which you want, you'll get whatever happens to be next in line on the chopping block. So don't complain about the steak being over/under cooked, just pipe up and tell them what you want. 

Deserts were equally as wonderful. We had one of each on our table of about a dozen. Top it off with an espresso and I was ready and willing to take a long nap in a hot tub.

For the money (it's a few bucks more than Samba) do yourself a favor and take a cab down the strip and eat here. And make sure you're hungry.
Very very good esp the meat...Im a red meat gal...really good but it's pretty expensive i dont recommend  this restaurant if your not a buffet person..
FIRST off there are NO words when speaking about this food only actions then come the words.1st comes wandering of the huge eyes, open mouth, slight drool, and sitting of the bum!

It was my first time coming to this place and I only saw the salad bar that consists of scalloped potatoes, smoked salmon, random light salads, pastas, risotto, and breads. I filled my plate up with that only to be broad sided with skewers of meat! I was like where did the meat come from?!?! I didn't see it other wise I would not have filled my plate on salad. We were sitting right next to the kitchen where the meat came from and received piping hot cuts of the finest, juiciest, succulent choices you could ever imagine. 

When you go to Vegas this is a MUST I say MUST restaurant that you have on your places to visit. WARNING WARNING do not eat at least 3 hrs before coming to this place. OH and the dessert choices IF you make it that far speak for them selves.

I was rolled to the car and fork lifted into my seat, and passed out in my drive way.
Vil wanted to take me here for lunch on my last day in Vegas. I had Brazilian BBQ before but I thought this place was better than Pampas. It is a really nice restaurant and extensive wine cellar and just very pretty inside. I think the side dishes are so much better than Pampas and more variety. They had rice, mushrooms, lobster bisque soup, veggies, cheese, and tons more. I love there cheese bread too. Its chewy but oh so soft too.  My fave was the Parmesan Chicken and Pork.  They had all different cuts of Beef and Lamb too. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Had a little to much meat since I ate at Craftsteak the night before. Its all you can eat meal and the lunch price was just 25 bucks. I think Pampas was much more for lunch. Overall a wonderful experience, server was very nice and accommodating. Will be back when I am in Vegas.
Plan on eatting....alot when you come here! I honestly thought it was going to be my last meal...lol! I have never been to such a great place and great tasting meat! I do need to stress, you must come hungry or you will be throwing you money away! Great place and great....no AWSOME food!
The food was amazing!  I can't get over how tasty the different cuts of meat were.  And the meat was always juicy and hot!  They had a 15 different types of meat going around.  I dont think I got to try all 15 because by the 5th type of meat I was stuffed!

The gachous would come around with their skwered meat and cut a slab for you!  And they show no mercy!  They want to stuff you!  Make sure you prep your stomach for all this dancing meat. 

The meat is also complimented with an awesome buffet salad bar.  Equipped with Peruvian salad, sushi, white rice, cold cuts, olives, peppers, and of course salad and cheeses.  

 I definatley recommend this place!  Let me know when you go I'll go!  

Also make sure to get their signature drink - the CAIPIRINHA!
I've been here twice now and the service and food have been awesome. The salad bar is oh so good, with great variety - they even have a good lobster bisque! As a cheese freak I definitely appreciate the spread of manchego, goat and buffalo mozzerella offered!

The meat is good, but not knock your socks off great. You're honestly paying for quantity over quality! Filet Mignon was the standout - tender and not the least bit chewy. Brazilian sausage was awesome, but the garlic sirloin could use some work. Basically everything is kinda hit or miss but given you get unlimited quantities you can choose to fill up on the good stuff (filet) if that's your preference! 

I ate there last night and I've already forgotten the price, lol. I want to say $44.95 pp for dinner, $29.95 for salad only, and I know the pitcher of sangria we got was $29. They have a great b1g1 free coupon for July that helped quite a bit!

4 stars because I've eaten at Fogo de Chao quite a bit in TX and Chicago and honestly find the meat there a step up from Texas de Brazil. That being said, with no Fogo de Chao in Vegas I'll definitely be hitting this place up everytime I want to put myself in a meat coma.
This place is off the chain!! Meats galore! Non-stop.....eat till you puke!! Service was great...food is fantastic....and the ambience is spectacular. But...it gets loud and a bit pricey!! All in all....loved the experience! Will come back next year after I save $44+!! hehe
Perfection. 

Meat lovers heaven. Somebody could've killed me afterwards, I was soooo happy, would've made the best last meal :))) 

Meats were juicy, melting in your mouth. 15 different kinds, so if you don't like something, they'll load you up with other goodnesses. I still can't get over how good it was...wow... 
Useful tips - Don't forget to sign up on their website for the email club, you might be able to save a lot....and make a reservation before coming, we didn't have to wait at all, I saw bunch of people standing for a while waiting.
My favorite steak house....with the exception of maybe Fogo De Chao. American steak houses don't even come close. After you eat at Texas de Brazil, you won't bother with crap like Smith & Wollensky's or Capital Grille.

The filet mignon's wrapped in bacon are to die for and the picanha is amazing.  The salad bar is very nice too with a lot of items.  For drinks, I always get Caipirinhas which are usually really good.
For my friend's birthday on July 24, we decided to try Texas de Brazil in Town Square and we're satisfied.  The enormous salad bar selection is eye-candy, and their delicious steaks are overwhelming.  I had to rest my stomach and palate just to enjoy every succulent steak.  Topped off with rich Brazilian cheesecake and triple layer chocolate cake ~ very satisfying.  Service is friendly and efficient, price range is a little on the high-end; I'm not a fan of shelling out $58.00 for dinner for 1 - overall experience is enjoyable.
This is positively the best meal I've had for years, if not ever.

The meat was cut perfectly... I believe I tried every single piece of meat that came to my table.  My favorite was the flank steak... the chargrilled part... OMG.

I didn't even have to flip my card to green.  The Gaucho's just showed up when my plate was nearly empty to happily refill it.

A nice touch was that our server and also the majority of the Gaucho's are brazilian.

Salad bar is incredible!!  I wish more places had salad bars like that... I'd pay the $20 to eat that more often.

We were here for my friend's 40th birthday... she made a joke and said she wanted to see the chef... and lo and behold... the chef comes out!

Out comes one of the most gorgeous men I have seen in a normal setting.

And I'm a lesbian!!

Coincidentally... his name is Fabio Machado.  Very nice guy who appreciated our glowing feedback of the restaurant.  I wanted to ask if he was on the menu to have my friend take him home... hahaha

We will definitely come back!

Tip for the first timer... don't eat ANYTHING all day and go here at night.  You will need the room in your belly.
(Up front apology..... this is a slight reworked review from others I've done on Brazilian BBQ's in the Western states.) And know that I'd like to have given Texas a 3.75 stars if it existed, but have given the new Fogo in LV 4 stars, mainly for the meat quality. 

Our family is Brasilian. Here in Orange County, CA, we and our group of friends have tried just about every churrascaria that's opened or is still open in the Southwest. Many of us, during business travels, have also had the opportunity to sample US based Brasilian BBQ both on the East and West Coasts, and some in-between places..........like Salt Lake City, UT. Restaurant reviews need a reference point, and Brasilian BBQ's most especially.

Over the last 20 years, we've watched them come and go; some very good, some horrible. Yolie's of Las Vegas, for example and IMHO, is on the "horrible" end. Problem with the Brasilian BBQ restaurants is their ability to be "consistent." While good food is a necessity, the style of service, called "Rodizio", is critical. And well trained "Gauchos", or meat-servers, are usually the breakpoint as to whether a churracaria is going to be rated high. 

Consider that most reviewers have had limited exposure to traditional churrascarias. In Brasil a churracaria can be a contained in a bus stop - gas station area, or as a full-on up-scale stand-alone restaurant. Regardless of size or ambience, it's primarily about the quality of the buffet, meats and the service. Example; "The service here was excellent!" That's probably true and understandable if you've never had a server bring filet to your table, multiple times. But "excellent service" at a Brasilian churrascaria includes a gaucho-server that knows his meats, asks you for your perferences, knows how to pass your table and show what's available without disturbing your eating. And again, they should be more than willing to help you with special requests.

What you should expect from an excellent churrascaria is a hot and cold buffet style entree and salad bar. In Brazil, and at high end establishments, this includes high quality sushi and sashimi, and of course, rice, black beans and various vinigrettes and dressings. If you are a vegetarian, a great churrascaria should be able to keep you as full as your carnivor friends, with equal or better quality items. Service and food are usually what Brasilians speak of when chatting about their restaurant experience. It's a three-point system. And properly rated, you would seperate them, rate them, and then total up the score.

Traveling through the US, my opinion is that there are no "great Brasilian BBQ's." Fogo de Chao in Dallas-Ft. Worth, so far, is the best experience I've had, while their Beverly Hills location was very dissappointing. T de B is adequate, but definitely not "great."  

If meat is your pleasure, then make sure to let the Gaucho-server and staff know your preferences. If you don't want to waste time on chicken and bacon frufru items, then just tell your server to, for instance, just bring you ".....rare filet, tri-tip, called "picanha" (pee-cahn-ya), or whatever you prefer. If you aren't getting rapid return service on the meats, then by all means, and because you're paying for it, let them know. You shouldn't have to, but if want to enjoy your meal, get that issue resolved early on.

I'd say that Texas de Brazil is worth a moderate 3 star rating if compared to Fogo's Dallas-FW location. It is certainly much closer to traditional churracaria than any of the LV Strip hotel restaurants. I've tried them all and was sorely disappointed. If you're in the SoCal area, and close to John Wayne Airport, try Agora at Main and McArthur. If in the Long Beach area, a good "blue collar" consistently OK spot is Greenfield's. 

If you travel to Boston, Miami or the New Jersey areas, you'll find larger populations of Brasilians and better food overall. Just don't get too excited over Texas de Brazil. Yes, it's way better than most other spots in town, but I promise......... there's better.

BTW..... most of the churracarias run a bit high on mixed drinks and also the desserts, but if they're good, they've prepared them "in house."
Let me preface this by saying I am pretty much a yelp lurker.  I only created an account because my friends keep sending me invites, I didn't care much about writing reviews but now thats gonna change.  With that said Texas de Brazil will be my first written review, yay how exciting!  

Last week was my roommates 30th birthday.  To celebrate in style we decided to spend a week in Vegas.  My friend heard about Texas de Brazil from all the good yelp reviews.  I'm skeptical as most yelp reviews I've read over hype most places, I was however quite excited to try out a all you can eat brazillian bbq for the first time.

We only waited less than 5 minutes to be seated and headed our way to the salad bar.  Choice selection was plentiful and quality was great.  I had the Potatoes Au Gratin, roasted mushrooms and the lobster bisque and all were excellent.  

We were now ready for the good stuff, the rotisserie roasted meats that make this place famous.  Servers acting as south american cowboys or gauchos come to your table with a choice of meat and cut them for you.  There was a total of 10 selections and we got to try all of them.  

I would hands down say the flank steak was the best, it was so delectable, so juicy and succulent you can almost drown in it.  The lamb gets honorable mentions, cooked perfectly and very delicious. The top sirloin was also good, the fat just melts in your mouth.  Their filet mignon was meh, I had the bacon wrapped one and it was a bit over cooked and chewy.  

The service here is amazing.  Our waiter catered to us at every moment and was very friendly.  The gauchos timing was impeccable, you never had a plate full of meat.  By the time you were finished with something, there goes a gaucho offering another selection which is important because no one likes cold meat or missing a selection and waiting longer for it to make its round again.

I would say the only let down for me was the sangria.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria and it was nothing out of the ordinary.  Plain flavors and extremely watered down from all that ice they put in there, lame!  

Overall my experience at TDB was wonderful, I can definitely look forward to this place next time we go to Vegas again.  What made it even better was that my friend had a coupon for 50% off of our meal, now thats awesomely awesome!
I have the say, this is first time I haven't agreed with the yelp majority! I went for dinner last week because a friend had a gift card.  I love Brazilian BBQs (especially Rei do Gado's in San Diego) so I was already excited, and then I read the raves about the salad bar and other offerings and I was sold.  Until...

1. We get there and the server can't find our reservation.  The place was pretty packed (Saturday night) and we definitely weren't going to wait around for an hour.  As we turned to leave, they miraculously "found" his name on the reservations list.  Nice.  Then our snotty waitress "explains" the way the restaurant works.  She shoots us attitude for ordering sodas/iced teas instead of drinks (we'd just gotten some at yard house) and then "forgets" to bring us our sides until half way through our meals when we asked the table next to us where they got their bread.  Service = abysmal!

2. The salad bar is nothing special.  The brochure touts hand made sushi, which turns out to be one place of spicy "crab" rolls.  The lobster bisque was so salty and lukewarm that I couldn't eat it (go to Brio for much better bisque).  The salad dressings were super bland.  The cold veggies (asparagus, green beans, etc.) were decent but nothing special.  The rest of the salad bar was basic.

3. The meat.  Wow, so incredibly salty.  And I love salt!  (To the point that I tend to shake more salt on potato chips...I know, disgusting).  The skirt steak was tender and cooked well but I couldn't get past the saltiness.  Same for the garlic sirloin and bacon wrapped filet mignon.  The sausage was pretty tasty but how much sausage can one person eat? (And for about $50.00 a person, I don't really want to fill up on sausage alone).  I ate a few pieces of each selection and gave up.

4. Saving Grace: the sides!  The cinnamon bananas, cheese breads and mashed potatoes are delicious.  Especially the bananas!  Yum.  I pretty much filled up on the sides.

For the price, I recommend that you go to another restaurant and get yourself a cooked to your specifications, not smothered in salt, steak.  You and your heart will thank me.
Went to this location in Town Square last night.. 
The staff was very attentive, and I will say refreshingly proficient at taking care of me and other customers that I observed. 
The salad bar was excellent, tons of upscale choices! Nice quality Speck, beautifully displayed? I'm in! 
Why only 3 stars? I prefer Via Brasil in Summerlin, the quality and flavor of the meat is *far* superior..
Wouldn't recommend the sangria.. it isn't marinated, simply mixed when it's ordered..
I've been to other churrascaria. This is one of the better ones. We went there kind of late. Everything was very good. I only wish my tummy was bigger so I can eat more. Service was excellent!
I recently discovered this place with a small group of guys out to celebrate a bachelor party. I had heard about churrascaria before but this was my first time at this style of restaurant. The food was delicious and the service was excellent! I only wish I had skipped lunch so I could have eaten more.  Great place for parties, they encourage you to take your time and sample the various cuts of meat.
we recently receieved a 50% coupon for texas de brazil. The only other brazilian place i have tried was pampas. it was not a special occasion, just a day we wanted to have dinner.

1st the decor was beautiful. 2nd the salad bar was good. 3rd the meats were plentiful. I think we had about 14 cuts. I disliked the lamb chops but i loved the lamb loin. My favorite was the filet mignon and house sirloin. The cheese bread was yummy.

Nevertheless we were stuffed. I tried walking around town square but I had the hardest time. 

I suggest you just have a taste of the salad bar and save it for the meat. I guarantee you will walk out stuffed. I gave it four star because i didn't like was the 44.99 per person. If i were to pay it would be worth it for a special occasion but not just for any day. I'd rather go to pampas.
Food is great, service is great, ambiance is great! I try to hit up this place every time I'm in Vegas.  A bit pricey but worth it!

The meats are fresh, you don't just tell them how you want the meat cooked, you can even tell them how you want the meat seasoned; either more salt or less pepper.  If you have a certain favorite, they will make sure to bring it over all the time.  Servers are are accommodating and the manger(s) would even come around the tables and ask how everything is.  

Keep it up!!
Amazing service. Great food. Many guys with meat on swords constantly circulating. Lots of attention from the waiter.
Better then any buffet I've been to in Vegas.  Perfect if you are a MEAT eater... I made reservations for a large group of 13 on a Thursday night. We had signed up for the club and had a couple of 50% off coupons. Each of the coupons will cover up to 6 people and they honored two for the whole group. VERY NICE! The total was 40 buck each including alcoholic drinks. 

Now onto the food... 

You begin the dinner w/ these DELICIOUS (maybe one of my favorite food items) cheese rolls. They are these little puff balls that make my mouth happy happy! 

The side bar is pretty good. I really tried not to eat too much f it so I had maximum stomach room for the meat. The lobster bisque for me was okay. I honestly thought it was too cheesy and some were saying too salty for their taste. I would definitely grab the chimichurri sauce so you can dip you meat in it, that was very delicious. Nothing to me really jumped out but nothing really horrible either. 

Now the star of the show was the MEAT!!! And they have EVERY kind of meat.  Some of my favorites were the flank steak, leg of lamb, beef rib, lamb chop the garlic sirloin. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the fillet. If there is anything you've eaten and it hasn't come around in a while, just let your waiter know and she'll have that type of meat come over to your table right away. 

Overall our party was HAPPY HAPPY.. everyone left w/ super full bellies and smiles on their faces.
Great place. Tons of meat. If you're in to Grilled meat this is the place for you. A bit on the pricey side especially with all the buffets in Vegas.  Good service and atmosphere. A great place for a group dinner.
Recently dined at the much talked about Texas de Brazil and I must say I am impressed. Please keep in mind I'm not the type of person who raves about buffets simply because the food is never top quality. Texas de Brazil is not an exception to the rule, there is a lot of sub-standard meat being served by the gaucho's (tableside meat carvers), in fact the only cuts I would consider to be very good are: Picanha, Garlic Picanha and Garlic Sirloin.  The salad bar is full of fresh tasty items and sides and sauces to compliment the meat.

Service overall was great, very attentive and always anticipating our needs. Looking back I don't think I asked for anything except for a specific gaucho to be sent my way. Now the gauchos are instructed to approach tables which have a green tab exposed. If you turn your tab over to the red side the gaucho's are instructed to pass you right by. I would say that about half way through the meal the gauchos completely ignored all the tabs and simply started coming over on a whim, also they say random stuff and are more like "meat carving robots" that personal servers. Don't ask the gaucho's for anything except meat,  your server will handle your requests.

Lastly the price....sucked. I had a 25% off coupon that you can get on the Texas de Brazil website and everyone that visits should get this or you will probably be pissed. For the all you can eat dinner its $44.95 which does not include drinks, dessert, tax or tip. Two dinners and two bottles of water is $107 after discount its $84. I could have probably had a great steak at Ruth's Chris for that but hey what the hell, I got "more". I'm a typical stupid American lol.  Food is very good not excellent, service is great but half of it is self serve, prices are fine dining but its a buffet. Four stars, highest buffet rating I will ever give so that's saying a lot.
I was lucky enough to have the chance to go here this past weekend while I was in Vegas with my friends and I have to say...wow, I am so glad I'm a carnivore!  The only sad part for me was my inability to keep up with the rest of the eaters at the table.  I definitely took too much salad bar, but how could I not?  They had all of my favorites...roasted Beets, mushroom salad, cheeses, asparagus, I could go on and on.  They did have a little bit of lettuce too, in case you want to make an "actual" salad, but I skipped that in my quest to save room for the meat show.  There was Lobster Bisque, which I wanted to try, but my tablemates mentioned it was kind of salty and honestly, unless it had big lumps of lobster in it...I was not there for any seafood!

I think another problem was eating so late that night.  Next time I go, I will definitely only eat breakfast and make sure that I am not too super hungry by dinnertime.

The dinner is served with these fantastic little cheese bite things, they look like little bread rolls.  Quite addictive, I would have loved to have more than one but, again, I was trying to save room!  You also get garlic mashed potatoes and these wonderfu sweet broiled bananas.  They are suposed to clean your palate between meat offerings.  Also, I would like to note that you have these little cards at your table to flip from red to green when you are ready for meat, but the Gauchos did not pay attention to that at all.  Who cares, we were ready for meat.  My favorite, that I had space for....was the BBQ Pork Ribs, the filet mignon, and the garlic pork, also the lamb.  I was not able to eat any more of my own portions after having that, but my tablemate was nice enough to cut a little bite of the additional 10 different meats she had..LOL.  I tasted her chicken, lamb, flank steak, more steak..it goes on and on.  I was starting to wonder when they might just bring the farm animals out to parade around so you can choose a cut.  There was SO MUCH VARIETY!!!

I loved this place, great atmosphere, beautiful decor, VERY nice looking and polite waiter (Max), and great company.  I can't wait to go back here and bring my husband, but I guess I should do a stomach stretching regimen before I get there so I can eat my money's worth!!
4.5 stars.

The bf & I had a "buy 1 dinner, get 1 free" coupon, which is partly responsible for my generous 5 star rating. Had we paid over $100 instead of $60, I might be singing a different (less happy) tune.

I tried three types of meat: filet mignon, pork ribs & garlic pichanha & thought all three were pretty good. I'm not the best person to be judging the greatness of meat because I don't get excited about it like my bf does (he doesn't do the yelp.) I am, however, a pretty good authority on salad bars & the ilk & can say (in my professional opinion) that this salad bar is the bomb. Their cheeses are high quality ones, the caperberries are salty & addictive, there's baby corn (now theres something for me to get excited about!), yummy asparagus with a raspberry dressing, hearts of palm, olives & peppers. The potatoes au gratin & rice & black beans were spectacular (i wish I had room for seconds.) 

Churrascarias like Texas de Brazil can really push the limits of discomfort if you cannot/do not/refuse to practice a little self control & moderation. You are given an unlimited supply of sides (garlic mashed potatoes, cheese bread & fried bananas), meats, & access to the massive salad bar but only have a limited amount of space in your tummy. It's easy to go overboard & pop a button here. We definitely walked out feeling overly stuffed.

Texas de Brazil is a good place for meat lovers as well as veggie lovers. My favorite churrascaria is Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills & although their meat is superior to TDB's, I think their salad bars are neck & neck, as far as variety, freshness & taste goes. 

P.S. Our waitress was always available & extremely personable.
Absolutely wonderful. Great salad bar with lots of unusual selections. Wonderful cuts of meat, I loved the chicken breast wrapped in bacon and the lamb. No need to get dessert. The only bad thing is that you really have no idea how much food you've eaten because they just keep bringing and keep bringing until you've eaten so much you could explode. It took me ten minutes to digest enough just so that I could stand up without passing out. Will definitely go again.
Delicious food, great service, did not feel like a chain at all. They have a vegetarian option for the most amazing salad bar. Once the meat guys figured one of us wasn't eating meat they told the other servers. 
It was a great meal!Only problem is, it is contributing to the obesity of America, but hey if you are going to eat yourself to death this is the place to do it and do it in a very tasty way.
God I love this place.  My Vegas days of debauchery and regretful mornings are far behind me so this was actually the most anticipated stop of my trip. Is that sad?  

Of course this place isn't really suitable or enjoyable to those that don't LOVE MEAT. but for those who do, it's heaven.  I came here on my last visit to Vegas but was woefully unprepared and only sampled 4 of their meats. I think they offer 15 types!  This time my goal was to sample every single one.  We discussed eating strategy extensively prior to arrival.  I made sure to skip breakfast and lunch and to wear my eatin clothes (stretchy waistline, so important!).  We also did a little smack-talking and basically made it a eating competition.  I know, so classy right? 
Despite my gross approach to this place I would like to let those who have never been here know it's a beautiful restaurant, perfectly appropriate for a romantic date (but don't bring shy dainty eaters here) and prices run pretty parallel to a moderate steak house.  
I love their salad bar selection of cheeses, grilled and marinated veggies, sushi, soups, and other sides, but I was ridiculed by my dining mates for even putting the greens and starches on my plate as they would take up precious space in my belly and I would lose our meat eating challenge to those that wisely skipped the salad selections. "whatever, you don't know me!"  I thought smugly to myself.

And then the glorious meat parade began.  Garlic Picanha (top sirloin), Picanha (sirloin), fraldinha (flank steak), and lombo de porco con quiejo (parmesean crusted pork loin) all came out immediately.  There was very little talking for the next 10 minutes, just moans of pleasure.  Next came Filet Mignon, and then it was trumped by Bacon wrapped filet, costela de porco (pork ribs), parmesean chicken, linguica, and Cordeiro (leg of lamb).  I didn't even take a portion of each and I was already dangerously overstuffed.  My dining partners saw how I had slowed down already and were mocking me and my failed "eat every meat" goal.  I am not a quitter though.  Mid game I decided to cut a deal with a fellow competitor and diner and offered to split portions so we could taste more meats without exploding.  there were cries of "That's CHEATING!!!" across the table, but everyone knew it was a smart move and quietly adopted it themselves as not all the meats had come to our table and we were in pain.  Costela de Boi (beef ribs) was one of the table favorites, even after all the meat saturation and many requested seconds.  Costela de Carneiro (lamb chops) made an appearance, their dainty form teasing us. " just one more bite.  look how tiny and delicate we are"  This is how Mr. Creosote must have felt.  I think I was the only one to indulge in a lovely little chop. It was not "wafer thin" and I did not explode thankfully.  Others opted to have repeat servings of the parmesean pork,  the picanha, beef ribs, and the bacon wrapped chicken or filet.  The only thing that the table unanimously didn't like was the parmesan chicken.  It was dark meat with bones and some didn't like the taste or didn't like the bones impeding their meat eating.  I personally ate everything except the beef ribs, pork ribs, linguica, bacon wrapped chicken, and bacon wrapped filet.  And ate partial portions of everything else except the lambs, the parmesean pork, and picanha.  So I wasn't the table winner, but I didn't care I was happy.  

oh yeah, forgot to mention the garlic mashed potatoes, tapioca cheese breads, and cinnamon bananas (to cleanse the palate between meats) were delicious too.  

and our waiter Max looked like a young Nate Fillion for any Firefly fans. haha.
I love this place! The salad bar is good, but don't fill up on that. I've been there three times and the service has always been perfect. You must try their Garlic House Sirloin. It is seasoned perfectly. I've tried most of the meats and haven't been let down once.  Everything is cooked to perfection. If you have a special request, or if you want more of an item, just ask. I plan on going there at least twice more before the year's end.
MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT!!!  OMG, I can't eat that much meat!  But I did.  
I've only been to one other churrascaria, so I don't have too many comparisons.  But I do know whether the meat is done well or not.  
So Meat:  Brazilian sausage, Brazilian picanha, leg of lamb, chicken breast wrapped in bacon, crispy parmesan chicken, parmesan crusted pork loin, flank steak, pork loin, garlic marinated picanha, rack of lamb, filet mignon, pork ribs, beef ribs, filet mignon wrapped in bacon... did I forget anything?  The gauchos were rushing around with the meats on swords, I'm guessing that they were trying to make sure the meat stayed hot.  On the table, you get cheese bread, fried bananas with cinnamon powdered sugar, and garlic mash.  At the buffet, salads, salads, and more salads....  Plus potatoes au gratin, lobster bisque, mushrooms, beets, hearts of palm, cheeses, black beans, and more   
Desserts are NOT part of the $46 price (dinner).  They are extra...  but they are HUGE.  The dessert tray presentation is plastic/rubber.  Some of the actual desserts come with caramel and chocolate sauce swirled into decorative designs under the cheesecakes, chocolate mousse cake.  There is also carrot cake, pecan pie cheese cake, bananas foster pie...  Non-alcoholic drinks are also NOT included.  The wine list looked good.  But I chose not to imbibe this time.  

This restaurant is located on a corner of a shopping center (Town Center).  There is lots of parking available.  

Service...  our waitress was great.  The gauchos are fabulous.  But I have to say the front desk with 6 people were not really on top of things.  There were lots of open tables, and yet our table wasn't ready at 5 PM, while the doors had been open since 4 PM.  We waited 10 - 15 minutes....
i love love loveeeeeeeeeeeeeee this place. the only bad thing, its expensive. and i dont think i can come here again until the economy gets better... and i feel like peeing away my money.

by far the best meat is the garlic sirloin (picanha). you can always remember the taste of it over all the other meats. must dip it in the chimichurri sauce

my 2nd favorite is the filet mignon... all of the rest of the meats are good but i would much rather load up on these two...

CHIMICHURRI~! MMMMMHMMMM!

lol... the fresh bar is extremely fresh, very good stuff. 

i like the goat cheese, buffalo mozzerella & tomato

i also like the mini hot section they have... lobster bisque, potatos au gratin... and my must have MUSHROOMS in WINE SAUCE...

i love this place.... i wish they had more fruit, but they only have a little grape salad... and i also wish they had some seafood, but who goes to brazillian bbq for that right?

for two people, its pretty expensive... the bill came to 120 with tip (98 before)

i told myself id never eat here again, but i might change my mind b/c every day after since ive been i keep dreaming about a big juicy steak and the chimichurrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
If I could rate this place 10+ Stars, I would. This place is the epitome of great customer service. We were seated, and our server Max asked us if it was our first time, and he told us what were gonna expect from them. Instructed us that if we need meet, just flip the card on the table so that it shows green, if you wanna take a break, flip it to the red side.

I didn't know what to expect really, until they started serving meat. It was my first time and I thought I had to pay extra for every meat I get. I didn't wanna ask... lol... but I was doing good last night playing black jack, so spending $100+ here was not a biggie.

Turns out, it's only $25!
(to be continued...)
just the most amazing kick back and eat till you explode Brazilian buffet/steakhouse! Worth every penny!!!!
Came here for lunch with GF and this place is the shizzzznittt!  We came and didn't really know what to expect since i have never been to a brazilian steak house. I have to say it was different and amazing. Our server max  was super helpful and instructed us that you simply flip this little red and green card over when you want to be served the samples of meats and they come by frequently  when on green and when its on red they will not. Not to hard to understand. Then he instructed us to the salad bar that i thought was very enticing. They have more than just salad. 

I had bowls of lobster bisque, goat cheese torentinni with salami, some peruvian salad, sauteed mushrooms, :)

Now to the meat which was all cooked medium rare, but they make it very clear that if you want any of it cooked more or less they will do it, and they lived up to it with no fuss at all.  We had bacon wrapped chicken, parmesan chicken, flank steak, house speacial prime rib, italian sausage, wine braised pork, and they alll were very good. I also had a glass of house cab and went very well with lunch. i would reccommend going back.
Das Texas de Brazil Steakhouse in Las Vegas gehrt zu einer gleichnamigen, in den USA vertretenen Kette von Steakhusern.
Es bezeichnet sich als brasilianische Churrascaria. Vom typischen brasilianischen Flair kommt jedoch im Restaurant wenig herber. Z.B. das fr Brasilien typische "Po do queijo" wird hier einfach als Cheesebread / Ksebrot als Beilage angeboten. Die typischen brasilianischen Fleischschnitte gibt es hier, mit Ausnahme von "Picanha", nicht. Die Bedienungen sind berwiegend rein amerikanisch. Somit fllt es auch schwer den brasilianischen Churrascariaflair rber zu bringen.


 Dennoch, die Zubereitung der Fleischgerichte ist hervorragend!


 In der Vergangenheit wurden auch einzelne Fleischgerichte von der Karte angeboten. Bei meinem letzten Besuch allerdings ausnahmslos "Rodiziu". Hierbei handelt es sich um eine typische brasilianische Spezialitt des Essens. Der Amerikaner wrde es als "all you can eat" bezeichnen. Hierbei werden dem Gast stndig unterschiedliche Fleischspezialitten angeboten. Als Beilage bedient sich der Gast am reichhaltigen Buffet selbststndig bzw. ordert zustzliche spezielle Beilagen. Fr einen festen Preis kann der Gast solange und soviel essen "bis der Bauch platzt".


 Das Restaurant bewegt sich im mittleren bis oberen Preissegment. Bei meinem letzten Besuch bezahlten wir fr 4 Personen "Rodizio" inkl. aller Getrnke und Nachspeisen, inkl. Tip und Tax ca. 300 US$.


 Insgesamt wrde ich das Restaurant von der Qualitt knapp unterhalb der bekannten brasilianschen Steakhuser "Fogo de Chau" einordnen.
Fr Las Vegas gehrt das Texas de Brazil sicherlich zu den besten Adressen. Dieses spiegelt sich auch in der Beliebtheit des Restaurants wieder.


 Es empfiehlt sich in jedem Fall zu reservieren. Trotz Reservierung musste ich jedes Mal ca. eine halbe Stunde auf den Tisch warten.


 Ich werde dort auf jeden Fall wieder speisen.
We went to Texas de Brazil after reading the reviews here and landing the 25% off coupon for registering on their web site.  After discount it's ~$35 + drinks, tax, and tips per person.  

The service and food selection was great!  As everyone says, the salad bar was outstanding.  If you're a vegetarian you won't be disappointed!  But me being one that values meat over veggies, you need to control yourself because the star is still the meat.  IMHO, the filet mignon was the star, followed by the lamb chops.

In general, this was a worthwhile venture off the strip.  I don't know if I'd go back given that we have Impanema in Seattle.  Impanema has a smaller salad bar, but they have a better meat selection.

Texas de Brazil 3.5*** vs. Impanema in Seattle 4.5*** 

http://www.yelp.com/biz/ipanema-grill-seattle
Not all that.

This joint has some of the best reviews short of Joel Robuchon but the fact is it's not much more than a glorified protein-buffet. The quality of meat is far from Prime; the salad bar is not bad; the wine list is fair; the service is acceptable. But overall, nothing outstanding. And for close to the same price you could get a great piece of meat at Envy or Joe's.

This a good example of being careful not to take Yelp reviews as food-gospel...including this review.
The ambiance is fun. Very crowded, so you assume the food is good as people are getting ready to load up on protein. Personally, there is nothing wrong with this place except that the meats are TOO SALTY. 
Brazilian meat is usually very flavorful, but I think it's overdone here. I've tired SAMBA and VIA BRASIL (which I think both their meats are better quality, especially the latter). The buffet of sides include cheeses, rice, beans, lobster bisque, sauteed mushrooms, salad, olives, palm hearts, and more. Very plentiful. Nothing is extraordinarily good, just ok. 
Another thing that was annoying was how dark it was. If you like to eat in the dark or stare at your partner in the dim light then it may not be a problem for you. 
Let's keep in mind that for $45 bucks you can get a solid steak meal somewhere else. It all depends on if you are going for a buffet of meats.
This is biased because my brother works for Texas de Brazil so I've always gotten a pretty good discount on my meals here (the flowers and paintings are his). I usually stop by when I'm in Vegas since the California market is too inundated for them to open one anywhere near me :(.

Service is wonderful! From the servers to the gauchos serving the meat they're always very prompt and helpful. We had a birthday here and they were great about handling the cake and putting on candles and all that jazz.

Salad bar is enormous and it's hard to stay focused so you don't get greedy and overeat prior to the arrival of the meats. Once they start, they don't stop, we were just playing with the paper coaster and they started coming by in droves with piles and piles of meat. All the beef is angus quality and I never order the chicken so I can't help you there. Anyhow my recommended meats are: lamb, flank steak, the garlic house special strangely named meat, and the beef rib. Mmm...heart attack.

That said is it the best steak I've ever had? No but you're not paying $110 per person here either. I can't tell if I like Texas or Fogo better but I don't mind being taken to either.
We ate here when they first opened - over a year ago. We thought it was O.K. but some of their meats were a little dry and over salted. Plus, paying just under $60 per person with tax and tip (soft drinks are extra) was a little steep. So, I didn't think we would be back. 

I previously signed up for their e-club rewards program. I would get occasional emails from them for 25% off, or 50% off, or a free meal on my birthday or anniversary. So, I printed out a coupon and we went back to give them another try. Was I glad we did!!!! 

Everything was better this time. In fact, it was some of the best meats I've ever had. The bacon wrapped fillet Mignon is to die for!! But everything was good. The garlic mashed potatoes, mushrooms, chicken, beef, lamb and roasts. None of the meats were dry or over seasoned. The service was great and the atmosphere is very nice. A little dark, but nice. 

They also had some items that I don't remember from the first time we went. Maybe it was because they were newly opened and hadn't got all the kinks out of a new restaurant. It has definitely improved. 

This time with the coupon, it was about $65 for two people with tax and tip. Drinks are still extra, but we usually just get water at places like this. You don't want to fill up on soda or drinks, you want to save as much room for food as possible, right??!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
I had an orgasm. 


Seriously. Ignore the bad reviews. They have no tastebuds. The different cuts of meat have their own distinct taste, and their mashed potatoes and fried bananas are delicious.

Come early! Granted they open at 5:00pm, but we came in at 5:20pm and it was perfect! Not crowded at all, it was a two second wait, and there was no pressure to hurry up.  
 
IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME HERE, as it was mine, have them explain to you the rules on how the restaurant works. It will clear the confusion as I've read some had. Basically, you're open to have as much as you want from the salad bar, and when you're ready, you flip a card to green on your table to have meat delivered to you,  until you flip the card back to red when you want no more. 

Of course, the atmosphere is beautiful, and I like how the areas are divided so that it won't feel so overwhelming.  

Now my biggest concern in any restaurant, are the waiters. They were amazing! Tentative, but it wasn't uncomfortable where they stand at your table the whole time. Everyone was friendly, and I would definately come back.
Recently in LV for a convention.  We took our sales reps there last year and it worked out well, so we returned this year.  

I have always had a wonderful experience at T de B in Texas or LV.  Wonderful salad bar and the meats are perfect.  The service once you are there (Party of 15) is very good and they go out of their way to take care of everyone.  I always run into the same problem of OVER EATING.


What prevented me from giving this place a 5 star rating was the reservation process.  Google and 411 has published a wrong number, so you couldn't call in.  Even if you got the number from their website, the hostess is not in until 2pm, so you leave a message; follow up on messages to confirm reservation was not very good.
Food Orgasm - seriously. 

I could have lived off the salad bar and been completely happy, but once the carne started landing on my plate, I got an erection. The flank steak melts in your mouth, the sirloin house special made love to my taste buds, the fillet then jumped in and wanted a threesome. The garlic sirloin made my mouth water,,,wait strike that,,,,,my mouth wasn't watering, but crying tears of joy. 

Oh if we had a TdB in San Diego, I would eat there every weekend. I guess I will just have to settle for the real thing when i fly to Rio next week. 
Texas de Brazil is a great date spot. Make love to your taste buds, then go home and make love to each other. Whew.....now I need a cigarette.
Went there with a friend for dinner (at his recommendation).  Wasn't sure what to expect but I enjoyed it very much.  The food was excellent.  However be warned... If you do not eat a lot of red meat you may want to go someplace else.  I don't know if I was in a food coma and didn't get the concept of the stop/go rules but 20 mins after being their I had to wave the flag of surrender.  Will def go back.
Im going to have to fit in with the "Its just OK crowd" as it truly is the truth for the money you are spending here. 

First im going to mention my server "Biff", my man is on point and very attentive and gets an A+ for me. Be grateful if your offered half the service this guy offers when your out in a restaurant in Vegas. 

The food.... many have already mentioned it, the hordes of meat, sides, and pretty slammin desserts. I have been here at least 5 or 6 times now and every single time i go i find myself eating the same 3 or 4 types of meat because its the only thing that i feel is prepared well and actually taste like a $45/head meal. Which would be the Filet, crusted chicken, Lamb chops, and the sausage. honestly the leg of lamb really turned my stomach this last time i went.. so proceed with caution. As many others have stated you can get a much more enjoyable meal in Las Vegas at $45 a plate and not feel as if your going to fall over because you were trying to get your money's worth. This last time i went would probably be the last time i return again for this meal unless absolutely requested by out of town visitors to go. I recommend anybody that wants to go please sign up for the email list and get your coupons to save some cash because paying the full price for this meal i just feel is out of line for a normal eater who might on his best day eat a lb of meat, as anything more your simply trying to play man vs. food.
I "get" that some people think its over priced for a buffet and that its priced like a good steak. If I wanted a steak and the usual sides then I would've gone to Austins for the same price or go get the best steak but that'll be significantly more- I come for the wide spread. Sometimes, I just want to try a lot and to me, that can constitute a good meal and is good value of  my money to get a variety and have a good experience. To each their own though on what is value.

Came for dinner on my birthday with my BF,  his mom and grandma. 

Salad bar had a nice spread of stuff, all were nicely done from what I tried but I was not there to overdo salads. Like the sauces too for meats- mango salsa and chimichurri from the salad bar.

Meats come out fast! A few rodizio/churrascaria you practically have to wave down waiters and ask for more meats..we had to put the red sticker up to pace ourselves as it was nonstop. All were nice, but I liked the pork tenderloin, lamb loins and the filet best. 

Service is great! Like I said the meat was fast, but also people came to clear out plates....I would throw my napkin down to go get salad and when I came back someone cleared dirty plates and folded our napkins nicely each time. I dropped my fork and our server already had a fork in my hand seconds after he heard mine clank to the floor. We had someone come to ask us how is everything and if there were any meats in particular we were looking for. Wanted more filet and tenderloin. Lot's of places ask or you tell them but they never bring it. Moments later, tenderloin and filet were at our table. Our main server was very attentive to us and our drinks and made sure to check on us often.  I like the ambiance too, modern and nicely done- some go overboard with the gaudy Rio themed decor, but this was a refined looking place.

I had a certificate for my dinner free for my birthday. They also threw in a free dessert. Plus, early into the dinner grandma mentioned she didnt need another clean plate she was done because she eats very light- she had tiny bit of sides, spoonfuls only and maybe 2-3 pieces of meat. He charged us a lite dinner/salad bar dinner for her as she eats a child portion of food whenever we buffet. For the service and the discounts we left a very nice sized tip. 

It was a very good birthday and will be back. It's not the best rodizio I've been to in the USA, but its very solid food and it is the best of what Vegas has t offer. Still, the best service in a brasilian rodizio I've ever had and on my top list beat out by a few michlin star and fine dining establishments. That's saying something for a semi casual chain restaurant- they treat their customers well and put a lot of expensive fine dining "dont give a f*** about you unless youre rolling out big bottle service"  spots on the strip to shame.
Oh this was sooo good!

We had made same day reservations at 9pm, however, even upon getting there a little early they made us wait!  It was strange because we were the only ones waiting for that long.  So my boyfriend got a little upset and asked them what was going on, and almost immediately they corrected the problem, apparently it was a screw up on their part.

So one would think it would mean the rest of the night would have been spoiled, but instead they gave us one of the best seats in the house right near where all the meat was coming out from the kitchen and right next to the salad bar.

Like the other reviews, everything was delicious, my favorite being the pork leg with the crispy skin.  Even their sides were tasty and I had to be careful not to fill up on the banana and garlic mashed potato sides! 

Despite our rocky begining, everything else was perfect.  Adam our server was very friendly and chatted with my boyfriend about Brazil, and of course once the other servers found out that my boyfriend spoke a little Portuguese everyone was a little nicer (not that they weren't nice before).  

This place is a really good place to take a date, and for those other people that didn't like the dim setting, its called a romantic setting!  I could still see the food on my plate so I don't know what those other reviews were talking about!

Also be sure to sign up for their online email system, we got 25% off our meal!  Total for 2 with tip was $100.
Came here for a birthday/ valentines day dinner.

+1 The place wasnt crazy and we were seated promptly
+1 the bartenders were very hospitable. I didnt get her name but she is the brunette and she is absolutely awesome!
+1 creme brulee. i dont think i have to say more. 
+1 I think its about $40/ head which is decent pricing since a filet mignon at other restaurants is already $40! 
+ i loved the plaintains! i think i ate like 3 plates of them
+1 I preferred the salad bar to the meat! i loved the artichokes and the smoked salmon!

-1 They sat a party of 10 in a small corner where were were elbow to elbow! it was really inconvenient and hard to eat. However they did give a little bit of a discount. 


***** half of our party got food poisoning the next day!!!*****
Summery (lazy readers) :p
-Amazing service normally found at upscale places. 
-All you can eat
-Great atmosphere
-Amazing food.
-Mainly cold salad bar but very non-typical items. High quality.
-Key things to try is the amazing Grape/blue cheese salad. (our fave) 

I was on my way out of town and we were looking around the beautiful new outdoor mall. (very un-Vegas) We were about to drive out and notice the Texas De Brazil. We knew nothing about it, but thought it sounded very interesting. This was about 11:30 am on a Sunday so it was not crowded at all. 

Right away we noticed the great atmosphere created by the design and decor of the interior. The hostess explained how the pricing and menu worked when we let her know we had not eaten there before. The price at the time was $25 a person. We were a little unsure at the price at first but our concerns were shortly put to rest.

Upon arriving at out table we were greeted by an outstanding table server named, Taurus. (who was a Sagittarius by the way) And another server placed the napkins on our laps. Taurus was very personable and returned regularly to our table to be sure everyone was fine. Taurus explained to us that various forms of meat would be brought around. To signal that you would like to be offered meat, you had a coin on the table. To be served, flip to green side. to take a break flip to red. The 'salad bar' was amazing. There was very little traditional salad. Most items were well prepared cold dishes of high qualty items. Such as seconded cold shrimp, blue cheese and grape salad (amazing) four or five kinds of high end cheeses and a dizzying array of prepared vegetable dishes. 

The meat came around very often. We were never waiting for more than a few minuets when we had turned the coin to green before something else was brought. We took small portions of each so we could sample all of them. Our favorite ended up to be the sirloin and the pork. The choices if I recall were lamb, pork, beef and chicken. However there were many ways each one was prepared so there was a verity. The fried bananas turned out to be key in resetting the palate. The salty meats do tend to all taste the same half way through the meal. So use the bananas as a palate cleanser as they were intended. 

Throughout the meal the manager came to the table, as well as many other servers who were passing by who asked if everything was okay or if we needed anything. It was great... almost too much attention. almost. 

We even saved room for dessert and it was divine. The fudge cheesecake with raspberry sauce is rich and not too sweet. We shared this massive slice.  

One thing that we did find a little odd was that the drinks came in bottles such as you would by at the market. Granted the coke was in a cute 10oz can shaped like a bottle. However for such a high quality place, cans and bottles looks out of place. I personally prefer a nice fountain soda with a heavy meal such as that. but thats hardly a complaint. Just a bit odd. 

Overall when we left we felt that the cost of the meal was well worth it. Its a great mix of steakhouse and buffet, but certainly does not have a cheesy buffet feel to it. I really recommend you go just after they open between 11am and noon. At least for the first time to enjoy the food without the wait or crowds.
Omgoodness, are you kidding me? This is the best meat I've ever had. Incredibly tender and absolutely ridiculous!!  The only two things I would have to bish about would be the price, which is pricey because it's a fixed menu and all you can eat. And secondly, they do not offer free refills, which always makes me mad. But other than that, the servers are very nice and the food is what will keep me coming back. 
FYI the lunch menu is only half of what the dinner menu is.
I signed up for their mailing list on their website and they will send you coupons for your Birthday (buy 1 dinner get one free-not valid on Saturdays and holidays) and for first time signing up (25% off).
If you like meat, this is your place.  Started out at the salad bar table but didn't get many sides to save space for the meat.  The meat arrived one right another.  Filets, sausage, parmesan chicken, pork....you name it.  It's a Brazilian place, so they come and serve from the skewers.
Tried this place out for dinner since they sent me a buy one get one free birthday coupon via email.

Our server was very attentive and prompt she practically folded our napkins every time we get up to go to the salad bar. The sides of plantains, cheese rolls and mashed potatoes were generously portioned and the salad bar offered a wide variety of items such as manchego cheese, prusciutto etc that I do not normally see at the other Brazillian BBQ places that I have been to.

My favorite was their rice, black beans with sausage and sauteed mushrooms. Other than that, I steered clear of the rest of the items since I wanted to eat more of the meat rather than the sides.

The meats were good, and my favorite was the top sirloin followed by the picanha and filet mignon. I just wished that they offered more variety of meat aside from lamb. Other places would offer rabbit, duck, veal, etc to their customers.

Overall, its up to par with other Brazillian places. We'll probable come back when we get another free bday meal coupon.
Yummy!!
The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly. It's a bit pricey, but I can eat a lot so I don't mind. Just about everything I had was good. A few things, like the chicken, were not that great.

Don't fall for the salad bar trick. They have a GREAT salad bar, but you're paying the high price for the meat, so limit your salad bar consumption. You go to a churrascaria for the meat anyway, right?
Just got back and my wife had her birthday dinner! What a great place and those guys walking around with swords full of all kinds of meats! This is one of those places where everything is so good, you just can't get enough. I normally don't eat but a child's size steak, but this place is de Bomb! A true all you can eat experience and not just junk buffet food, but food made with some thought behind it. If you consider the price of admission here to be high, then you weren't hungry enough.

Top ten for Las Vegas, Top 10!
This place deserves 5 star! Overall experience from the time we stepped in the doors until we stepped out was "amazing". Friendly & great  atmosphere. 
 It was my frist time trying Brazilian cuisine. Everything looked & tasted fresh. I like that we got to try the different flavors of meats.  
Our server (lore) was very friendly along with the other staffs. She would come by here and there to check on  how we are doing. Asked if we had any special request, ( they're open to that). I.e if you think the fillet Mignon seems a bit mooey (rare) for you, they'll cook it more. This place is a bit pricey, but worth it! Its a Brazilian, buffet, steakhouse so wear comfortable clothes & Come hungers!
IMPORTANT: If you like eating out, then do yourself a favor and go to your favorite restaurants website and register with your email and birthday. Why? Because they send you free stuff emails on your birthday! Sometimes its free dessert, but most of the time you get a free dinner, with purchase of another dinner... So basically a buy one get one free. Not bad in my opinion...

So that leads us to tonights story. I got an email from Texas de Brazil wishing me a happy birthday and a free meal with a purchase of a full price meal ($45).

I go with two girls I know and we set out to embark on a carnivore adventure. I've had Brazillian BBQ before at Samba Grill @ the Mirage and Espetus in San Francisco. I know the drill... But I just wanted to know how this one stacked up.

To be honest, I want to give this place a 3.5.

We get seated and the nice waiter explains the whole process to us. Cool beans... Time to eat! We head over to the 60+ item salad bar and boy does this place have a great spread. From fresh Parmesan cheese to palm hearts to prosciutto to lobster bisque... I was impressed. On the table, they brought out fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and mini cheesy bread rolls that tasted like Cheez-Its.

Now onto the meats... The only ones I particularly cared for were:

Beef Ribs... YUM. Yes, it was very fatty but I guess thats where the flavor and tenderness came in! I loved this dish the most!!

Sausages... I forget the name, but they were delish!

Sirloin Steaks... With the ring of fat around the tender meat... What else could you ask for?!

The Flank Steak, Garlic Steak, BBQ Ribs, Filet Mignon were all just ok... Nothing to write home about.

The Chicken wrapped in Bacon was super dry. I liked this dish the least.

Bottom line... Did I like the food? Sure... It was good but not great. Would I come here again? Definitely NOT for $45 a person... More like $60 with drinks, tip, and tax.

I think there are plenty of other places where I can get a great meal for $60 or under... But thats just my opinion. Go out and eat and make your own opinions...! But remember to register on restaurants websites!! You're definitely missing out if you dont!!
This is going to be crude so if you are easily offended please move on to the next review
Are you sure you want to continue?
Really, this is pretty nasty?
OK but do not blame me when you cannot remove this visual from your mind for the next few weeks,
I ate so much red meat here I think I produced a hamburger the next morning! 
Damn it was good, most brazilian Churrascarias you can get your meat Medium, Medium Well, or Well done, here they actually had some that were everything from Rare to Well done depending on the cut and whether they gave you a middle section outside or just inside,etc and they were all delicious. The selection was great, and I have yet to mention the salad bar which was absolutely spectacular if I had just the salad bar this place would get 4 stars add back in the perfectly cooked meats and Wow!
I am still in a deep meat coma three days after ingesting half a cow (probably a chicken, pig and lamb too) at Texas de Brazil.  

It was that good and this is coming from a girl who rarely eats red meat more than once a month.

Yes, the restaurant is technically a type of buffet but the rich decor and attentive wait-staff at Texas de Brazil make you feel like a queen/king in your own personal dining chambers. At one point during our meal there were literally 5 different meat carvers/servers swarming around our table. We did not even have to pour our own refills from our pitcher of Sangria- they rush to top you off after just 3 sips.

My favorite non-meat part of this meal was the decadent cheese wheels on the buffet table. I was literally giddy with delight to place giant four inch chunks of parmesean on my plate.

A few of the other Yelpers have already mentioned this but just to reiterate go online and register with the restaurant. If you do this you can indulge in a free meal on your Birthday. That is a $45 free gift. Not too shabby.

I am still recovering from my gluttony at Texas de Brazil and will definitely be visiting again the next time we are in Las Vegas.
Some of the best meat you'll ever try.

Texas de Brazil was an awesome experience for us.  We had reservations for 6:30pm and were enjoying HH's at the local spots near by.  When we got there we were seated quickly.  The atmosphere was awesome, and we started getting food immediately!! We ordered drinks, I had a Caiprianha (DAMN GOOD) and my wife had a strawberry Caiprianha (ALSO DAMN GOOD).  

The salad and soup bars were mind blowing.  There were so many options I couldn't believe it.  I think the sign said 70 items.  I was told by many to try the lobster bisque, and I did!! It was VERY good.  A rich bisque with a nice flavor though.

The flank steak that the Gauchos brought by was one of my favorite meats.  And they cook it medium rare!! But really all the meats were great.  The ribs tasted awesome!! Melted in your mouth with one biteThis is truly a nice slice of heaven just south of the strip.  Our waitress was a Brazilian girl named Amanda who did an outstanding job waiting on us when needed.   In the very end they brought out a slice of cheese cake that was nicely decorated and had "Happy Birthday" written on the side of the plate.  

Everything was as hoped it would be, we had a free meal because of the email my wife got for her birthday.  That cut cost in half and we were able to leave a nice tip.  

We asked what to do about taxi's in that area and Amanda our server literally went outside to see if any were there.  She said they called 4 of them and they would be there any second.  That was great service and was really appreciated.  When we come back to Vegas this will be our first nights meal!
The food was pretty good.  They had a sald bar with some unique and fresh dishes.  After your done in the salad bar area, the waiters come by your table and offer grilled meats.  The meats were nothing too special - but good.

It was a good experience with a lot of variety.  It was rather pricey a table of 4 - one bottle of wine $280 -  before tip. Nothing bad to say but nothing great either.

Mostly for tourists I would say.
Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. They also have a great salad bar. But they also have Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. Oh and they have more Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. Meat. 

Texas de Brazil is a meat lover's paradise, with an all you can eat salad and meats. Desert and drinks not included. Usually their best meats are the top sirloin (not bottom), beef ribs, and flank steak. These seem to be the most consistently good meats. They also have filet mignon, sausage, leg of lamb, pork ribs, chicken parmesan, and more. 

The main issue is that some pieces are cooked perfectly, your meat should be moving if its perfect! Then you have other pieces that are dry or very salty. When this happens, take a bite out of the bananas, they do a good job of clearing your mouth of the salty taste.

Service is usually a mix bag. First time going, we had a great waiter that was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. The second time, we had a very inattentive waiter. But the waiter doesn't really do as much as the other staff member. The good thing is that there is always a team filling your drinks, clearing your plates, and getting anything you need. Oh and of course, there is always a group of people coming around to give you meat, meat, and more meat!

Everything from the desert menu is great from the crme brle to the cheesecake to the coconut cake. Be sure to indulge a little after indulging a lot on the meat.

Until the end of April, you can buy a VIP card for $55. This entitles you to take off 50% off your meal for up to 12 people. The card lasts until the end of September. You can also go sign up for the newsletter on their website, you'll get a 25% off valid for 1 month and a free meal on your birthday. Don't pay full price at Texas de Brazil!

Bottom line, Texas de Brazil is the place to feed the carnivore in you. You will not always get consistent meats, but there will always be a couple that are really good. The herbivore in you will also be fed for their satisfactory salad bar. The sweet tooth in you will love their deserts.
Great food a little pricy but the food is high quality
This place is a carnivores dream! 

The restaurant is gorgeous, the food is amazing, and it's all you can eat. I like to call this place the "lazy buffet" because that is truly what it is: you get your salad stuff but then you just sit and they bring over meat after meat after meat. Who needs all that walking around and carrying your own plates? Not I. 

My favorite part is that (pretty much) everything is included in the price of $50. Just come in relax and try so many great steaks and bacon wrapped chicken dishes. I am drooling just thinking about the filet mignon wrapped in bacon . Must have the fried bananas while you dine. They are light tasty and actually clean your palate so you can move onto the next cut of beef. 

The servers are really great too because your main waiter will come by with more potatoes and bananas but you can also ask for them to bring you over a certain cut of meat. The guy will be summoned right over so you aren't waiting for your favorite. 

If you pace yourself the right way, and don't over eat definitely go for dessert. The Brazilian Cheesecake is awesome! Just remember desserts and drinks aren't included in the price.
After almost 1 1/2 years being in/out to this Place. Man, what can I say: "Heaven of Meat Lovers!", "Swimming Pool of Fancy Salad Craving Monsters!"

I've never get tired of this place, instead, I've been purchased their VIP Membership Cards (1/2 off on every visit) 3rd in the role now. 

Trust me, give it a try, you won't regret the Dinning Experience you will have, from Their Wide selections of Gauchos' style Meet choices: Beef, Pork, Lamb, Chicken and their Exceptional Brazilian Sausages to their endless Freshness of Salad and sides (Lobster Bisque is A+)..... 

Oh, Don't forget to order their Signature Caipirinha or any of their Fruity Flavor Caipirinha to accompany your Endless Goodness.... 

See you guys There! Join in their Guess Lists, Tons savings!
Amazing, amazing restaurant! My husband and I went here for my birthday and it was phenomenal. It was truly meat lover's heaven. There was filet mignon, flank steak, sirloin, sausage, chicken parmesan, and even bacon wrapped chicken all served by Gauchos with swords! Not to mention the salad bar is phenomenal! Huge selection. You definitely will not leave hungry! 

Before you go, sign up for the email club online and receive 25% off your first visit. Also, if you sign up, you get a complimentary dinner on your birthday! Pretty sweet deal!
An absolutely preposterous amount of meat.

This was my second time here and it does not disappoint.  If you like meat the nearly mind boggling amount of meat will, well, meet your needs.

The price might make some feel like they have to eat a certain number of lb. to get their moneys worth, but if you eat too much you'll feel it later
This place is ridiculous.  All-you-can-eat steak.  You don't even have to leave your table, since they bring the meat right to you.  The food is delicious, but expensive.  Come hungry to get your money's worth, and don't fill up on the fancy salad things, or even the pork or chicken.  

You definitely need to make sure to plan your food choices wisely here... don't waste time with the lower-grade stuff, like salad, chicken, pork.... start off on some flank steak, sirloin, leg of lamb, and work your way up to filet, and then bacon-wrapped filet!  If you start out at the top, the rest of the food will just be bland and tough (even though it's really not)!

It starts off at $45/person, but add in tax, tip, and drinks...

Speaking of drinks, I had the whatchamacallit house-specialty drink thingy ... it had a helluva lot of rum, but it was not enjoyable to drink because of all the ground-up lime pulp.

I'd definitely eat here again, but next time I should buy some maternity-stretchy-pants to wear.  As delicious as it is, all-you-can-eat steak is definitely not a healthy meal. 

For the sake of their smokin' hot bodies, leave your wives/girlfriends/fiances at home.
Great salad bar. Service was excellent. My plate was never empty. My only issue is that the meat (to me anyway) was seasoned with to much salt. This would probably keep me from returning.
Simply amazing.  Things I loved. Well it's a buffet but the food is great.   

Loved the 
Pichania.  - not common from US cut of meat point of view but excellent
Lamb ribs 
Beef rib slices ( toss between this and pichania as my favorites) This is not your normal beef ribs.. think of the juiciest brisket ever. with Brazilian magic... yum.  
Mashed potatoes.  Heavenly garlicy. 
Fried bannanas.  Wow

Plan simple amazing  ---
This place is great.  Best service in town.  All you can eat meat and a great big salad bar for non meat eaters.  Great for a big groups of people.  The selection is great and the decor is amazing.  Only one negative is that they sell soft drinks by the can/bottle.  But otherwise a great place!
I thought it was better than fogo de chao... and that's saying a lot since I'm a HUGE fan of fogo.

GO HUNGRY... STARVE... oh, and MAKE RESERVATIONS.

AHEM... a little bird told me to check out their website, and sign up for their newsletter and you get a coupon for 25% off on full dinners... there were 3 of us, and that saved us a lot of money.

remember, most of brazillian bbq joints won't give you soda refills... just get water (tap, not bottle) to save you some few bucks. 

their salad bar was smaller than fogo's, but none the less, their smoked salmon was by far, the best smoked salmon i've ever had.
We LOVE Texas de Brazil.  We eat here a few times a year.  If you want to save A LOT of $$ sign up on their website for emails.  You will get a Buy 1 Get 1 Free email for your birthday and wedding anniversary.  The only time my husband and I eat there is when we have a coupon or have a VIP card.  We NEVER pay full price- always 1/2 price.

The food is great.  The salad bar is great.  This place is a meat lover's dream.  I recommend asking to be sat in the front of the restaurant- your good if you can actually see the salad bar from your table.  We were seated in a different section once and we were contsantly having to ask for specific meats to be brought to us and we'd wait about 5 minutes- that was a sucky visit.  

We usually don't get soda here- you get a glass bottle so that means NO free refills.  We usually stick with water or iced tea and whatever alcoholic beverages we like.

I'd choose this place any day over an ala carte type steak house.
Had our wedding reception here on May 1st in the private room with about 100 guests.  Every single one of our guests LOVED the FOOD!!  The event manager Alexandra was awesome every step off the way in helping me plan this event.

We are from San Diego and my husband and I have decided that every trip we make up to Las Vegas we will make it a point to eat at Texas De Brazil!!!

PS - the Brazilian Cheesecake is the BEST EVER!!!
4.5 stars for Texas de Brazil.
It was my first time here ever and first time experiencing churrascaria. When I first walked in, I was impressed by the decor. It was definitely not what I was expecting....which was a good thing. When we were being seated, we passed the salad bar which made me salivate. I just saw cheese and some cold cuts that I wanted to try. Tonight's soup was Lobster Bisque....it was good, but not the best. Since it was my first time there, the server took the time to explain to me how it worked, flipping the card to either the red or green side to get some meat. 
After getting some rice, scalloped potatoes, cheese and cold cuts, we flipped our cards to the green side. Immediately someone came and we were served the pork loin. The pork loin was tasty but dry. Next was the top sirloin....now that was some good meat! My favorite was the bacon wrapped chicken and bacon wrapped filet. The filet was so tender that it just melted in your mouth like butter. The chicken was so moist and savory that you just wanted more. Another winner for me was the sausage. I did not try the lamb, but I heard that leg of lamb and lamb chops are winners too. They also provided some cheesy bread bites, garlic mashed potatoes and plantains. I really loved the plantains and it was definitely a good way to cleanse your palate. 

Overall, I thought it was a bit pricey, but with the anniversary coupons or the 25%/50% off coupons, I think its a good deal. Definitely a winner and will be back for more.
OK remember that awesome movie you seen. It had twists and turns, until finally, at the end of it all you said to yourself, "Now I get it". Well Texas de Brazil is the same way the first time.

The Second time you know what to expect. Dinner runs about $120.00 for 2. That's plenty of Jumbo Jacks with Cheese. So, save up for this one Yelpers, or go to a Good Steak House.
The best way to describe my experience at Texas de Brazil can be summarized in two words:

MEAT DIM-SUM

Upon the suggestion of one of my friends who has been here before he cautioned us not to fill up on the stuff at the salad bar rather start with the meat first.  Once we flipped our little indicator sign to Green all the meat carvers came to our table shout out what kind of meat they had.  My favorite were the Brazilian garlic roasted sirloin and the lamb shanks.  Both ere super tender and very flavorful.  There was so much variety that I cant even remember what I ate but I do remember that it was damn good.  

About 30 minutes later, we were all stuffed.  The waitress was super friendly and very helpful in locating any meat we had desired.  If you are on the Atkins diet this is the place to go.  I highly suggest not eating lunch before you come because there's that many different cuts of meat that you can try.

Definitely will be back!
If you plan to eat here 1) come hungry 2) drink lots of water --which you can't avoid because of all the salt and 3) make sure you have the sangria!  If you like to eat a lot, and you like salty meat, then you'll love this place.  I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses now and this one was my least favorite, though it wasn't bad.  What makes it not great is that all the meat is way too salty (and I have a pretty high tolerance!).  We even asked for low-salt versions, and those were still on the salty side.  My friends who live in Vegas have said the same about it when they went at other times.  That said, it's a gorgeous restaurant and the rest of the buffet items were good.  The best thing there is their sangria--I highly recommend it!
This is the Cathedral of Meat. This is where animals are slaughtered for me to worship. This is where I count my blessings and relish the idea that I am a true carnivore. I won't even mention that this place has the best salad bar in the country. The focus of this review is the MEAT. 

Hot smoking marinated meat served at the flip of my green light.  I must say that I will never really enjoy a good steak again. This place has it down to a science. As a steak lover, I've always enjoyed the burnt salty end of a steak combined with the pink medium rare interior. After that first bite, the steak is never as good as the first bite because it cools down on your plate. BUT Texas de Brazil has it down to  a science. I get to enjoy burnt fatty medium rare top sirloin that's served hot with every order. Hallelujah! 

All the other types of meat are good but the show stopper this the top sirloin. I just wish I have two stomachs instead of one....
Damn good!! but pricey hence the 4 stars. Definitely not meant for vegatarians, especially considering the price. Luckily, my husband and I are meat lovers. In fact, we are both all about the beef! Give me the cow!

1. Salad bar- if you were to instantly compare the # of selections to that offered at Pampas (Miracle Mile Shops @ Planet Hollywood), you would think it was a small choice. HOWEVER, the selection at Texas de Brazil was so much better. Just goes to show quality over quantity is a winner. By the way, my hubby and I both highly recommend the chilled salmon and the sauteed mushrooms.

2. The Meats- I'm starting to drool just thinking about it. All the beef meats were delicious. The pork ribs good but the pork was dry. The sausage was spicy and yummy. My personal favorite was the bacon wrapped fillet mignon. The hubby loved it all.

3. The Dessert- After indulging in yummy meats and salad bar items, we were stuffed. But since we were seated near one of the dessert trays we could not resist. Lucky for us, you can get your desserts to go. And we did. I got the carrot cake and my husband got the chocolate mousse cake. Both absolutely fabulous, even when we ate them a couple days later. It took us that long to digest and recover. LOL.

4. Ambiance and location- the restauant is in a stand alone building, located at Town Square, located south of the Strip, near the airport. The interior is beautiful and relaxing. Our waiter, Zan, was attentive and helpful when I was debating the Rioja or the Malbec to drink. Town Square itself is a neat, clean, pretty place to walk around. It's a mix of locals and tourists. Warning- some of the stores and restaurants are overpriced. My husband found the sign about the water in the fountains being imported.
Outstanding food and service but a bit pricey. Will I eat here again...no. There are plenty of Brazilian restaurants out there with the same, if not better service and/or food quality, at a more reasonable price. Don't get me wrong, my only "beef" about this restaurant is the price.
I ate so much I nearly split my pants!

I love meat.  This place is like a meat-eater's haven.  You sit down and BAM!  There's meat everywhere.  Lamb, sausage, beef...I honestly couldn't tell you how many different types of meat and preparations there were because everything I looked up I was getting more meat.  My plate was literally never empty.  

Oh, and although the meats are the featured attraction, they do have a salad bar.  And it's no afterthought for the animal-averse.  It's full of decadent...meat!  Seriously, the cold cuts they have at the salad bar are pretty darn good, including salamis and prosciutto.  There were manchego, brie and parmesan cheeses.  Oh, and they had some green stuff there, too.

After chowing on all that delicious food, I had absolutely no room for desert.  And I am a total desert person, so I have to say I was severely disappointed that I could not even bring myself to sample the decadent offerings.  Then I got over it and had some more meat.

I'd say more about my meal, but I need to change into something with an elastic waistband.
This place is a carnivores delight!

I had previously been introduced to this place by co-workers while on a business trip to Texas. I finally got a chance to introduce my wife to this place when we were in Vegas a couple of months ago and she loved it! 

The servers run around with meat on a stick to put it plainly and you can have as much of it as you want. There are usually 12-15 kinds of meats there including, chicken, lamb, steak, pork, sausages, you name it! Aside from that, there is a full fledged salad bar with I would think 20+ items and of course a full bar. 

Unfortunately other Brazilian steak houses in the bay area do not compare to this one. I will most definitely eat here every chance I get!
ok.  this is difficult.  I gave them three stars because I ended up forking over $150 for my meal for two.

I think for $150 I can go to a lot of michelin starred restaurants and some rather great restaurants off the strip and spend half the amount.  

yes, it's a lot of meat but, guess what?  I had maybe a couple of ounces. And I am sure you only had a couple of ounces too.

There is a lot of meat floating around but, unless you are a sumo wrestler you cannot possibly eat that much meat.  

So price for price.  I can go to mortons get their $55 steak and it would be amazing and so much cheaper.

If you are going for the experience of meat heaven then it would be worth it. 

You have to try and see where you stand on the meat thing.  It is weird to have all this meat brought to your table and it's just meat!

Most of their cuts are overly salted so, I went for the inside cuts and stayed away from chicken and pork because if you are gonna pay money I'm getting the most expensive thing.

What else?  If it was like $30 a person then it would be worth it.  $75 a person for middle quality cuts of meat that is overly salted is not worth it.  
But you should try it because it's something different and then you will either love it or never go back again and detox for a week like I did.

BTW, my friends love it so, no bad feelings just for the price you have the whole of Las Vegas at your fingertips for the same price.

I mean Aureole, Strip Steak, Morton's, Lawry's.  Toe to toe Brazil can't hold it's own.
I had heard about this restaurant from two other couples (one was family) so I knew that it was good. I was also familiar with the concept of a Brazilialn Steakhouse because a friend (years ago) had told me about Yolie's on Paradise. But I wasn't sure that I was going to enjoy it (all the hand carved meat- at your table- is all you can eat), since I am not a "meat and potatoes" person. This was the first time for both my husband and me. My sister told us we should sign up on the website (texasdebrazil.com) and take advantage of the birthday month coupon you get when you sign up on their e-mail list. She also told us that we should make reservations (616-9412) because this place is so popular. We found that out when we got there. The entire foyer was packed with people who hadn't made reservations and were waiting- over heard that the wait was now 1.5 hours. Glad we made reservations. 

Living in Las Vegas, I've been to many buffets, over the years, and I knew what I wanted to do, at the ultimate antipasto salad buffet (included with dinner): choose what I really wanted carefully on one plate. Since I knew that I was going to eat meat, I avoided most of the carbs to avoid filling up. I opted for the salmon (my favorite at the salad bar), field greens, vegetables like asparagus, hearts of palm, grilled zucchini (my favorite veggie at the salad bar), grilled peppers, olives, crab sushi roll ( surprisingly good), salami (high quality), some cheeses like mozzarella (the best one I thought). There is so much more than what I am telling you like potato salad and fried provolone (my husband liked that). The soup that I chose was lobster bisque (my husband said it was salty and didn't like it, but I liked it). 

At the table, your server brings you a huge portion of mashed potatoes (too salty for me) and fried bananas (who needs dessert?)- will bring you refills.There is  a button that is red on one side, which means "stop", and green on the other side, which means "go." But they seemed to be ignoring that button on the table, because they all kept asking us anyway. The meats we got in our hour long visit was: lamb, pork tenderloin (my husband's 2nd favorite), filet mignon (my husband's favorite), beef flank steak (my favorite), parmesan chicken, and parmesan pork. There were other meats that came our way but we were full so we didn't partake. 

My husband's diet coke was $2.50, my passionfruit tea was $5.00 (big bottle). Drinks, Alcohol, and Dessert are extra. Our bill was $58.00. We tipped at the full price- it was the right thing to do. The service was excellent; the drinks are refilled, the dirty plates are taken right away, the meat carvers come often, the salad bar is top-notch, the meats are excellent (and we have our favorites). If you take our tips, sign up on their e-mail list, make reservations, pace yourself at dining, you should be alright. I felt full but I was not busting at the seams. Ok, I wore something with a little give, just in case. *Wink.* We really enjoyed it. My husband wants to make it our new birthday tradition (we've been going to Todai for years, but they changed their birthday meal promotion, though). We will definitely come again, as I believe that the wedding anniversary is also an e-mail member promotion as well.
Although I love this place, I take off 1 star for the price! I remember the first year when they opened it was less than $45 or am I mistaken?

Anyway, the all you can eat Brazilian Meat is delicious! I love the Parmesan chicken, lamb chops, garlic sirloin and everything else! The salad bar has amazing selection! My favorite is the lobster bisque soup, which is quite filling.  

The side dishes that serve with are amazing especially the bread balls and sweet bananas! Yummy!!!

If you are not a meat eating carnivore, you can just pay for the salad bar for $29.99 instead of paying $46.99 that includes the meat. 

The dessert is excellent! I love the chocolate fudge mousse cake! 

The atmosphere is beautiful and the service is great! Not bad, but I still think that they should lower the price.
I've been waiting two freakin long years for TDB to open and was sooooo damn ecstatic to have dinner at this location during my recent trip to LV...the only TDB on the West Coast.

I love Churrascarias and coming from the Bay Area, I've been to Espetus, Pampas, Maceio and Cleo's to name a few.  But TDB is seriously the icing on the cake, actually, it's the entire freakin cake as far as all Churrascarias are concerned.

The meat selection, the quality and the flavor is unbeatable.  TDB by far serves up THE BEST Picanha hands, feet, head down.  My only beef, no pun intended, is that they don't serve up Roasted Pineapple. (If you've never had it, you need to try it!)  But, on the bright side of things, the side buffet offers an abundant and almost overwhelming amount of salads and delicacies, ranging from Potato Salad, Portabello Mushroom Salad, Shrimp Ceviche, Grilled Provolone, etc.

What I really like about TDB is that they are consistent in decor, restaurant layout, food offerings and service.

It gets busy here and quickly so I suggest making reservations.  We had reservations for 5:30pm on a Thursday and by 6pm, the waiting area and sidewalk was way crowded.  You have to call to make reservations, they're not registered on OpenTable.com yet.

Another tip is, if you're a Churrascaria/Rodizio virgin, don't set yourself short trying to save a few dollars by eating here at lunch.  You need to experience TDB and all it's greatness during dinner.  Yes, $46.99 per person is a little on the high side but, very well worth it.
I was just here for Mother's Day with my beautiful mother. This place gets better every visit ~ I felt as if I ate more than usual (yikes!).  I know for sure I received major Momma points from my Mom.
To the point----  One half hour ago, we left this restaurant with the intent to write our experience fresh off the brain!

  My friend and me came for the steaks....we wanted meat of the Brazilian fare....What we got was a plate full of sodium and a $70.00 bill for two salads, one of which I never ate because I started straight out with the meat!  Carnivore Style!

  My friend had a salad and I ate meat, meat, and more meat----all salty------%%$#@!$#@!

  We asked for the manager immediately and told him about the extremely salty meat, the mash potatoes that were also high in salt, as was the lobster bisque soup too! 

  Instead of being concerned for our findings, he said "I will only charge you for two salads"   I told him I will only pay for one, as I only ate meat and it was all salty and extremely high in sodium....He said "two salads---That is final!"  
  
  I could continue with the tit-for-tat BS...But you get the picture....We paid with AMEX and hope to file a complaint with them for half the meal...

  One very tiny star----as is all I can see giving them for the terrific water that was served us!

   We should have done the Buffet at Bellagios!!!!
Texas de Brasil was pretty good. 

I have been to Fogo de Chao, which is IMO better than Texas De Brazil, but the entire meal was really good. We were seated pretty fasy, and the server was really friendly. 

The salad bar was impressive, they had some really good salami and prosciutto, a fine selection of cheeses, and a bunch of salads that all looked good, but I never touched (gotta make the money back on the meat).

I ate my way through most of the meats they offered, my hands down favorite was the Picanha, it was tender and juicy and cooked and seasoned to perfection, the Bacon Wrapped Filet was amazing as well, Sausages and flank steak were really good, the pork ribs were decent (I've had better), and the chicken was probably the biggest disappointment on the menu. The sides were good, the garlic mashed potatoes were good, the fried banannas were really really good, the cheese bread was ok. 

As I said I've had better, but this place will work when you have that carnivore urge to gorge yourself on meat!!!
Well, if yelp allow I will give no star, one star is still too much in this case (for me)... the food is so high in salt. The manager could careless your input and didn't care to make it right. So! if you needs salt in you, go here, you will get to your limit in not time.
Had my bday dinner here with a big party!! So yummy and meat soo delicious!!  I never ate so much meat in my life in one seating!! Great service, fun, loud ambiance, great drinks, yummy bananas, great side buffet!!  I just wanna go back to Vegas to eat here!!! hahah sign up on their website they will send you buy 1 get 1 free coupons and other promotions they have!!! Oh ya they give you a choice of a free dessert on your bday that's how they got their 5 stars!!!! Enjoy!!
At $44 a person, it's not the cheapest thing to eat in Las Vegas- but if you crave meat, meat and MORE meat, it's the best thing going! 

YOU MUST make a reservation, or enjoy waiting at least an hour, even longer to get seated. Once there, the salad bar is a bit exotic and better than most Vegas buffet salad bars. (impressive, actually!) The heart of palm salad was divine! But, be warned: don't fill up too much on that "stuff". Tasty it may be, but it takes room away for all that meat you'll get very soon.

Bacon-wrapped filet mignon, is the stuff fantasies are made of. Tender, melt-in-your mouth bit of heaven actually. The picanaya sirloin steak is the real winner here tho, garlicky and seductive, it was a total surprise to me how -great- beef can be, and it was the one bit I got 2nd and yes 3RD helpings of.

Taking the MIL there in August for more Texas de Brazil awesomeness. If you haven't done so, sign up for their online VIP club and your first check is 20% off. Not too shabby!
Ok, it's pricey...but it is very good! And if you take advantage of the Birthday coupon, it's a decent splurge. 

We took our time with the salad bar...so many items to sample. Husband said the Lobster Bisque was very, very good. I liked the shrimp...nice seasoning and super fresh. 

We were not super fans of the bread...remembered rave yelp reviews but just was bread to us...mashed potatoes delish, birthday boy ate almost 2 helpings of the bananas.

The meat...did not even attempt to sample all of them. Of what we tried, hubby preferred the fillet mignon and I very much enjoyed the garlic sirloin...so much so I had seconds. :)  I was worried about the many reviews saying the meat was "too salty" as hubby does not like that but we did not find it so AT ALL...just a very nice seasoning. 

The service was impeccable and really made this a special evening. We were too full for dessert but what is a celebration without cake?? :) I ordered the chocolate mousse cake...it was good but I have been spoiled by a local restaurant's chocolate cheese cake and this paled in comparison. Hubby had carrot cake for his b'day cake and said it was extremely good. 

All in all a very good splurge. Oh, almost forgot...fresh brewed iced tea was delish! :)

As other reviewers have said, you are each given a card ...green for more meat, red for I'm taking a break. Use this wisely! :) We decided to bring ours home as souvenirs...put them one each on bedside tables...mine is turned to green...so far no service. Sigh.
This is by far one of the best Brazilian BBQ's I have been too. It is a shame I do not live closer. They also have a vegetarian option for our non-meatarian friends. The food was GREAT, the service was EXCELLENT. They made a point to make sure that the waiters brought food to every part of the restaurant roughly equally. I can't rave more about the food It was excellent. My girlfriend at the time and I truly enjoyed this great place which we only went to on a whim after getting a discount card while attending CES. Would go to ANYTIME!
Just came here with a buy one get one free coupon they sent for my bday.  This place is really amazing but does anyone REALLY need to eat that much meat?  Everything here is pretty good but if you like rare, you may be a bit disappointing because everything is cooked to medium.  When you ask the servers they may say "medium or medium rare" dont believe them, most of the cuts are medium and up.  Unless u can see the blood DONT FALL FOR IT.

at 45 bucks, i probably wont come back unless there's a coupon.
Worth the money.  Huge salad bar with a lot of variety.   Lots of meat, good cuts, well seasoned.  Delicious!  
If it's possible to save room for desert, the deserts are amazing!
Excellent service, food was out of this world. Can't wait to go back.
This might be a bit of a bias review. Beef is not a big part of my daily staple. But I will say that this is an amazing venue. Lots of sitting space, great wine menu, and great/ attentive staff. Reservations can be made in advance.

They offer a very wide array of meats, from lamb, to pork, to chicken, to beef, etc. They place a card in front of you to indicate to the servers whether you are ready, or not, to be served for the next meats to come. It is almost like a mobile carving station. Basically, all the carving stations come to you and ask whether or not you would want to try they meats. I have to say that the service in this aspect is amazing. You pretty much only get up for the salad/ starches bar, or for the bathroom. Also, they give you plantains in between courses to help clean your palette. 

The reason I give three-stars is that it is a bit pricey for what I ate. I have been here twice (and only reason why I went the second time was because I was not the one paying). It will set you back a good 50$, and that is without getting any cocktails or alcohol drinks. Both times, I do not believe I ate enough to make the price worth it. 

I will say though, they have a very impressive line of desserts. I have tried about four of them so far, and the Banana Foster is my favorite. 

So as long as you have a large appetite for meats, and actually can put away a good amount of food into your belly, Texas De Brazil is def. worth it for you. 

I don't mind going back again, as long as I am not the one paying.
Come hungry...and leave full. The quality and the options is just amazing. The salad bar offers gourmet options that you can't find at your standard buffet. The meats are excellent. So many options. The service is great...my glass never got empty.
Yes this is not a place for cheap eats....but it is a meat lover's paradise. Sign up on their website for promotions.
My favorite place to eat when I go to Vegas now.
Hi There all,  just a quick review...

Reservationists - Great and friendly. They must have a database because when you give them your name and number, they welcome you back. Nice feeling.

Ambiance - Very nice. Can be casual or smart business. Seen people from Ties to shorts in the place, and it all looks part of the right mix.

Food - For Carnivores... can't beat it. Everything is awesome.  Beef Rib is very special and it does not come around frequently, so ask for it. Dried cheeses on the Salad Bar are exquisite.  No need to review everything as all the food here is top notch.  Just be hungry and then pace  yourself, or you will eat things that will fill you and then something really appealing comes out and you are full.

Wine - If you are not a wine connoisseur, no worries, they have starred recommended items and their suggestions are fantastic.

Great experience, great food, fun for groups, but noisy due to large dining hall. Always fun when we have a few extra bucks.
Oh. My. Geebus! 

This place is amazing. Some friends and I stood in Vegas for a week and after eating all over the strip this place took #1 (yes above the Wynn buffet). The food just kept coming and coming, at first I was overwhelmed, but once my plate was full I was too busy eating! I do wish they had more veggies because there was so much meat! 
Don't go if you're only slightly hungry, go starving!
Okay.  This place is why God invented the concept of food.

High praise, I know.  And I even hate emphasizing the gravity of any product (especially since this is a small chain) over its service, but good.  ness.  grac.  ious.

There is phenomenal near-perfect steak and then there is this.  The marinade they use on the meat is only complemented by the way they cook them.

We walked in on a Saturday evening, only having heard of the place hours before.  Being the Steak connoisseur, I could not turn down the temptation to eat as much protein as I wanted.  I felt like an invincible, dominant predator in the serengeti of Africa - limitless options, but a very limited stomach.

So (like all good Brazilian all you can eat marathons) I tried one of everything.  My girlfriend aimed for the salad bar before the meat started falling on our plates, but I just took her word for it - I wasn't there for plants.

Every piece of meat that we tasted was a little better than the one before it.  Flank?  Chicken? Filet mignon? Sirloin?  Lamb?  Ribs?  You bet I had one of each, and I was wowed almost every time (I'm not crazy for anything wrapped in bacon - and they wrap almost everything with it for variety's sake).  Oh my I'm salivating just thinking about it.

My favorite phrase in our greeter's intro?

"Hi, my name is [Jennifer - I don't remember] and I will be one of your many servers, tonight."

And so I suppose I must mention the service.  It was good.  Pretty good.  I couldn't tell you anything else about them.  I don't remember any one in particular, and to tell you the truth, they all could have been on unicycles with glowing necklaces with babies hoisted over both shoulders for all I know.  All I know is I just paid attention to the knives and the food that came off them.

The prices are a bit overwhelming, but the amount of top-grade, high-quality, tender and perfect meat I consumed surpassed that of any other cost-efficient steakhouse I've been to.  Even at $40-ish a plate, I can't help but think I robbed the place in that one hour.

And I think it's especially worth mentioning that their website has a birthday program of sorts: free birthday meal.

So...  if you're hungry and you have the moolah, stop reading this and go get those serengeti animals!
The Skinny: hit or miss items but in the end satisfying (3) Service: was okay when we went in a small group but was terrible in a very large group... see rating below, Value: it's pretty expensive for what it is - $45ish for food without dessert or beverages (2).

We came here before when we had a 2 for 1 coupon and more recently for a large meeting.

The food here lacks consistency. Of the highlights: the top sirloin, the bananas and some portions of the salad bar. The top sirloin was well seasoned and tender. The bananas were nicely cooked and flavoured well with cinnamon and sugar. The mashed potatoes were good but not really exciting. The ample selection veggies at the salad bar were well-prepared - the sweet and sour beets were particularly lovely.

Despite these good selections, there are some clear missteps. The clearest examples include their lobster bisque, potatoes au gratin, sushi, and leg of lamb. The lobster bisque didn't taste like lobster at all and sported an unpleasant, unexplainable sourness. Potatoes au gratin should have been more appropriately been labelled "potatoes swimming in watery maroon Velveeta". Yeah... it was that bad. The leg of lamb was overcooked, dry and tough. Finally, the sushi. Why is there sushi at a Brazilian steakhouse? Based on hard-as-rock mediocre maki, I have no idea.

In a place like Vegas, it can't stand up to the better buffet places on the Strip (Bellagio/Wynn) in terms of quality and value. 

Finally the service. We had fair service the previous visit when we went with only 2 people. Probably would have rated a 3.

However, at the meeting, they tried to squeeze 80 people into 4 long tables. As you can imagine, getting to the salad bar with that many people at the same time was a major clusterf@#k. It was impossible to get any beverage refills at all. Then, the passadores (the dudes who bring meat to the table) came by with limited selections of meat. Due to limited space issues, the meat jus splattered on the table like a bad horror movie. The service in this setting would rate a 1.5.
Given that I travel quite a bit and have dinner with alot of clients, I have had the opportunity to try various Texas De Brazil throughout the US (Dallas, Miami, and now Las Vegas).  This Texas De Brazil was not that good.

The service was very good.  Wait staff knew their orders and took care of you.

Environment... a bit too noisy for me.  

Food... salad bar is excellent.  However, the meat (actually -- most of them) were beyond salty.  Usually, Brazilian food is salty, but this is beyond extreme.  I think it was just for that night.  It happened to be the wrong night... The ones in Dallas and Miami were cooked to perfection...

Overall, for the price, location, and quality, it was average.  For $40 a pop, I rather go to the buffet at the M or Asia buffet... cheaper and more bearable...

By the way, the best Brazilian Steak house that we ever ate at is located in Dallas --- Fogo De Chau --- totally awesome!
I love Texas de Brazil, but I always come home miserable afterwards. But its only because I chow down.... The salad bar is awesome, but I do try to focus more on the meats and not fill up on salad and the other items at the bar. The meats are all great. The bacon wrapped filet, flank steak and the garlic sirloin are my favorites. The leg of lamb is pretty good too. Sign up for their eclub and get a 25% discount on your meal, and even a free meal for your birthday and/or anniversary.  But most importantly, make sure you go hungry. :)
Super expensive what you get. Nice buffet, but the meats leave alot to be disired in flavor! with tax diner is over $60/pp, drinks not included.
Service was excellant, very attentive, caring staff.
Food is excellent and atmosphere is beautiful. More expensive than I care to pay for a meal, however for a special occasion it makes a great destination. Must love meat! More meat than one could ever imagine, though the salad bar has a wonderful selection. If you're on vacation or need a place for a special vacation, this place is worth the trip. Come hungry!
This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil and it was an okay experience.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The salad bar was quite good.  There are tons of cold food options.  As for the meat, it was just okay.  It is hard to go wrong with all you can eat meat being served table side, but it could have been better.  Most meats were just okay tasting.  Everything seemed to be cooked a a perfect medium to medium well, but the taste was nothing special to me.  Even the fillet was nothing special.  The best tasting food I had all night were the fried bananas.
First time eating Brazilian food and heard about this place and it didn't disappoint. Great food and service. Would recommend.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. This place is not for everyone, but if you are a carnivore like me, this is the place to be!! Its an endless run of steak, ribs, chicken and lamb, with a salad bar thrown into the mix. the meat was all cooked to perfection, I prefer my steak a nice medium rare, and this is how it was served, my wife on the other hand likes hers well done, and after asking, all of her food was served well done from there on. we are fans of Texas de Brazil for sure!!
Lord have mercy.  I would work here if I got paid in steak.  This place is my new food crush because seriously it's tasty.  Tasty doesn't even verbalize the epic-ness in this food.  I love this place.  If it wasn't expensive I would eat here every week.  

1.) The service has been great every time I've been here.  They also make sure my party knows how it works (although I am a pro now).  They also come around and check that we are doing great and getting the cuts we want.   The gauchos always flock when we flip that coin to green and are quick about it too.

2.) The meat....oh buddy...I can't even begin to say how delicious it is.  I don't like the lamb or the chicken, but they are awesome with pork and beef.  I love the sausage...so tasty and spicy.  The best thing? Fillet minion.  So. Darn. Good. The last time I came I had six.  It's like butter.  The other bites of awesomeness is the top sirloin.  I love the crispy bits and the top sirloin is crispalicious.

3.) The mash potatos, cheese bread balls, and the salad bar.  They are an afterthought for me but a nice palette cleanser from all the tasty meat.


I love meat. I love Texas De Brazil. Mm.
The first time I came here I rated it 5 stars - the server was beyond amazing.  Unfortunately, she must have spoiled me because this time the service sucked - but I would have thought it was good enough without that first "completely blown away experience".

We went on a Monday night to celebrate my husband's and son's birthdays (yes their birthdays are a couple of days apart).  I mentioned it as I made the reservation and again when we arrived.  Our server seemed distracted and he wasn't very friendly.  Hard to get his attention for side refills and drinks, etc.  And really, why only bring one banana chopped in half for a table of 5 - if they would only bring enough for the whole table - we wouldn't need to ask for more.  

The food as always was amazing - even my vegetarian daughter loved the salad bar, especially the shrimp and the cold asparagus.  The gauchos however were wonderful with their heaven-sent meat!!!  

But one thing that really bothered me this time was how expensive the sodas were - $3 + for a little 8 oz soda with no refills.  And no mention of the birthdays whatsoever + we were never even asked if we wanted anything for dessert.  I wasn't expecting free dessert mind you - just a little birthday song for my son that many of the other tables were receiving.

When we could finally steer our servers attention back to our table long enough for the check - it took him nearly 20 minutes to pick up our card to charge it then another ten minutes to bring us back the receipt to sign.  Made me nervous enough to search our bank records for a few days afterwards.  

Let's just say when my husband asked where I wanted to go for my birthday this week - I picked Via Brasil - I always know the service is going to be wonderful there EVERY time, no matter which server we received.
I have enjoyed Yoli's on Paradise, Samba Brazilian at the Mirage, and now Texas de Brazil ... And my vote for the best Brazilian steakhouse in LV is ... drum roll please ...Texas de Brazil.  

What puts them over the top, is their fantastic salad bar. The meat is wonderful, plentiful, and served promptly, but the beautiful display of salads and sides was too alluring to ignore. Despite my intense preoccupation with animal flesh, I succumbed to the appetizing distraction and thoroughly enjoyed the wide variety of fresh options like imported cheeses, grilled veggies, and an amazing lobster bisque.

Being sure to leave tummy space for a small petting zoo worth of critters, I happily inhaled various beef cuts (sirloin and flank steak were amazing), lamb chops (awesome), chicken, turkey, pork (a tad dry), and sausages.  

Gnaw on, carnivores!
We had our first visit here while on vacation in Vegas. I had heard great things from family in Vegas. So while in Vegas we decided to have lunch/dinner here. 
What more can I say that hasn't been said. It is pricey. It is a meat eaters dream. The salad bar was great and so was the other stuff that is on it. The meats were good and were cooked really well. 
Its not a place to take kids because I think it would be a waste of money. 
Wish they had one in Reno.
All you can eat (not including dessert) for 50.00.  The meat was okay. Most of it was way overdone but on the plus side all you have to do is ask and what you want will be delivered in seconds. I wouldn't go back by myself but if friends wanted to.. No problem!
We had some special friends from Seattle roll on through and they wanted some Brazillian BBQ. I had a great experience here on my birthday (see last review) so I felt good about taking them here.  

Food was good with lamb still being my favorite. Service is friendly and good, but I think it's hard to top my last experience and still wish I got the guys name because it was inspiring, impeccable service. 

Sure, it's still pricey and I can't really get behind that often (good thing their eClub gives promotions out fairly often)  but I feel like overall I can count on a satisfying meal here so I'll keep the 5 stars. In the end it's about feeling good at the end of the night with a full belly. 

Our visitors seemed very happy with it so that to me is always worth a very positive rating. Nothing makes me happier than happy friends.
I'm giving this place 4 stars based on the great experience I had, but I think the quality of the food should get around 3 stars. 

For their dinner it costs about $46/person not including drinks, so it's pretty pricey. 

So you start off by going to their salad bar. You're going to want to pile your plate with a lot of greens just to help all the meat go down! Their salad bar was pretty extensive with a lot of variety and it also had some hot dishes too like rice and soup. I tried their lobster bisque soup which was the special that nice. I found it way too sweet, so I didn't waste much stomach room on that. 

Then when you get back to your table, you flip your little meat indicator card to "green" and the meat starts coming immediately and it doesn't stop unless you tell them to stop hahaha. Lots of different cuts of steak, and chicken, and sausages, and lambs. Wow. I don't even think I got to try it all. This place is good because of the wide variety of meats you can try in one meal. However, I don't think the quality of meat was the best. Some of the pieces were a little tough, or too salty for my taste. 

Advice: Don't get too much meat at once because they'll start to get cold on your plate if you don't eat it fast enough. The meat servers make many rounds with the meat, so just keep telling yourself that they're coming back. 

Also, the fried bananas that come with the meal are AWESOME and you can request for more. We didn't even touch the cheese bread that came with the meal too. Haha this night I definitely wished I had two stomachs. 

Overall: pretty good food, great service, nice dining experience. So go give it a try!
I went here for the first time a week ago.  I loved it.  The salad bar was the best one I've been to.  I personally loved the smoked salmon, the prosciutto like slices with cheese and toast points, and the sauteed mushrooms.  I loved the bottom sirloin, beef rib, and garlic sirloin.  I had the papaya dessert and wasn't too thrilled about it (Maybe because I'm from Hawaii so I have high expectations of papaya, LOL).  But the other desserts were good.  I highly recommend this place and I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
I honestly love the decor in the place really industrial meets classy, but thats just party of the experience. The food here is like any other brazillian steak house. You start with salad and soup ( unlimited offerings even throughout the meal ) , when your ready a flip of a card brings sides and entrees to the table. Steak's of all cut from top sirloin to flay ming yong wrapped in bacon. There is also rib which are excellent, lamb which is fair, chicken. Why anyone would consume more chicken here then steak is confusing but its there and offered wrapped in bacon! Sides are Pao de Queijo ( baked bread rolled into balls with cheese ) , fried bananas, and gralic mash potatoes. Deserts here are pricey but a good way to end a meal. 

I am really unimpressed with a few things. Though my service was excellent the food really wasn't. Bacon wrapped steak was good, i've had better and larger pieces at Fago de Chao. The other meats were so so, lack of seasoning and  meat options ; as we came a little after they opened. The lobster bisque was OK. Reading some people who raved over its taste is amazing, because it really wasn't that great and probably the least liked thing by my party.
About 16 people went to dinner and they were quick to accomodate such a large group. The waitress come out and explained the process to us all: grab a plate, load up on whatever you want from the salad bar, and guys will be walking around with meat....lots of meat; have as much as you want. They also placed garlic mashed potatoes and butter/cheese bread on the table. 

The salad bar was good - lots of diverse options to try. The lobster bisque soup was a hit as well. The garlic mashed potatoes and butter/cheese bread were delicious, but had to limit my intake of sides to keep as much room as possible for the meat. The guys came around with everything; parmesan chicken, bacon-wrapped chicken, pork chops, filet mignon, and more. Sooooo much food. 

The negatives for me:
1. Price - being a girl, I dont think I ate my $60/person (including tip) worth of food. I really just can't eat that much and it's hard to spend so much money when I know I'm not getting the same value as the boys to my left and right. 
2. The commotion- as soon as the waitress explained what the process was, the guys with meat swarmed the table. It made it hard to have a conversation or even relax and enjoy the food when someone was scooting in next to you every 3 minutes with a 3-foot long skewer of meat. I just couldn't imagine having a relaxing or romantic dinner here with so many interruptions in the food. 
3. They gave us all little disks (red side and green side) which were supposed to indicate if we wanted more meat or not; which I imagine would fix my complaint above, but I had my circle on red the entire meal and was still approached every few minutes.
Get ready to pay for it ... but be pleasantly surprised that it will not make you sad after the fact.  This place is  second to none.  I have been to several of these Brazilian type grills & none have provided the selection that his place does.  

They serve a filet that is killer ... just melts in your mouth, and they bring you how ever much you can stuff in your face.  Well worth the money spent (even though it is quite a bit).

My suggestion if you love meat - don't waste any space on the salad bar area ... they also bring you mashed potatoes and fried bananas ... so good.  I want to go back and eat some more after writing this review.
Ah, I LUV LOBSTER BISQUE! But don't load up too much on the appetizers because you have to leave room in the belly for meat. Meat, meat and more meat. Oh cometh all ye carnivores, this is a must if you are visiting or live here in Vegas. Green light, red light, just keep the meat coming this way baby. :)
I've been a fan of Brazilian BBQ for years.  I love the way that meats are served from skewers to you by gauchos, somehow this transports me to the vast countryside of Brazil with open grills and puts me in a great Samba mood.

Texas de Brazil is a blend of rustic Brazilian BBQ and a sophisticated steakhouse.  The restaurant boasts a dark elegant interior and a lively atmosphere.  There is a beautiful salad bar near the entrance of impressive size.  I love many of the grilled and marinated vegetables available (mushrooms, zucchini, hearts of palm, olives, etc...).  They are a great compliment with the meats.

Their meats lie on the saltier side and there's a reason for that.  They want you take advantage of the citrus garlic oil and mango salsa provided at the salad bar.  They don't do a good job of telling every patron this, which is unfortunate.  My favorite cut is definitely the garlic sirloin, both tender and savory.

I like to pair the meats with the sweet plantains that come with your meal.  In most of my experiences, the plantains are fried superbly and made from such fresh bananas.  Don't forget the traditional Brazilian bread balls, perfect if they are eaten warm with the citrus garlic oil!

I have had similar quality Brazilian BBQ for a less inexpensive price tag.  They also need to train some of their gauchos better; I've had a few inattentive gauchos ask me if I would like more meats when my indication label clearly is turned to its red side.
I've got no problem paying the $50 for eating here... The food is great; the servers are friendly, responsive and numerous; the setting is very appropriate for either casual or more formal events. Just go hungry; and I'd suggest wearing stretchy pants and don't be in a rush. This way you can eat....rest.....eat some more.....rest.... repeat as much as you like.
Awesome Brazilian steakhouse. Food was wonderful, service was spot on, very clean with a great wine list - what else can you ask for?
The money to food ratio is very well balanced! I wouldn't normally pay $50 for a buffet, but trust the 5 star rating, it is definitely worth every single dollar! The ambience of the lighting is a bit dim for a buffet, but once the eyes adjust, it's no biggy!

I came here on date night with my girlfriend and by the picture of me holding up a lamb chop, you can tell, we were VERY pleased!  The set-up is perfect and service is unique. If you haven't been to a Brazilian-style buffet (Samba inside Mirage), they have servers called "gauchos" that walk around serving the various meats from enormous swords. I recommend you ask your server (not the gauchos) how their little system works, but if you read on, you'll get it from me:

Texas de Brazil token of service-- The token that is colored on both sides with either green or red will be your way of controlling the flow of meat to your table. Much like the traffic lights, green means go and red means stop.  So if you're craving for meat, flip that bad boy over to green. If you've had your fill, flip it back to red.  Although in my own experience, they'll still come up to you even if it is red. It may get annoying if you're trying to enjoy your food and you have to tell the gaucho, "No, thank you." with a mouthful.

The soup bar is delicious! I enjoyed the Brazilian cheesy bread with the tomato basil soup VERY much! Take your cheesy bread for a dip in the tomato basil and you'll really have something going on! :)  The salad bar has a great selection of cheeses and salads.  The different salads and cold foods are exotic and may not be for most, but hey, if you love food, you'll try anything.  The red meats are VERY tasty and delicious (drooling as I'm imagining the steaks!), the pork is a little dry to me, and the chicken is a bit on the salty side. The only downfall to their almost perfect establishment is that you have to pay for dessert :( Someone should request that dessert be an added feature to the dinner prices!

If you haven't yet, sign up on their website for your anniversary date and they give you a BOGO deal on your anniversary! Great + to their already great service and buffet selection!  I will definitely return for another adventure with the gauchos and steaks! YES!
Plenty of reviews so here's my two cents: Make reservations to this joint. Don't wear anything your afraid to get meat juice on. Ask for ice water and don't be fooled into flat water or carbonated water. The salad bar is great. The meats can't be beat. Come hungry. I mean hungry. Remember to pace yourself. Your paying a pretty penny to eat here so don't rush the process. Grab a big handful of their mints on the way out the door. Go home and ease into your food coma. Sign up of for their email club to receive specials. They give military discounts and children under 4 years old are free...
What's not to like about this genius restaurant?  Well, maybe just the chicken, it was too dry. Now that that's outta the way, onto my review! Because the rest is all positive.

Me and my gf celebrated our 2 year anniversary here so I made reservations prior that night.  As we walked in we were immediately greeted and got seated pretty quick.  Our server David, who delivered excellent service by the way, explained how everything works real thoroughly.  After, we went straight to the famous salad bar. My eyes were so amazed at the selection they had. You ever go to a wedding and they had fancy oer'dourves (or however you spell it)? Yeah it's kinda like that but with way more.  My favorites were the smoked salmon, potato salad, zucchini, grilled provolone, the fresh salami, the shrimp!!  I kept sayin "Dam babe!" to my gf.

When we returned to our table there was little warm bread bites waiting for us.  I wasn't really a fan of these. It was too chewy and almost felt raw and uncooked to me.

And now for the men serving meat on swords! There's little pads on your table you can flip that's green on one side and red on the other. Green meaning "Yes! serve me some meat!" and Red meaning "No, but serve me meat anyway!".  As soon as one guacho serves you, more just keep coming.  They were all really polite and they always served the lady first.  Filet Mignon, Flank steak, sausage, garlic sirloin, lamp chops!! I was goin nuts! "Dam babe!" the dinner also came with garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas.

And for the desert, (not included in the buffet) they bring out a platter so you can choose what you like, we chose the Brazilian cheesecake, ($9) but couldn't find anything brazilian about it.  It was still good tho.  But for $46.99 a person, Texas De Brazil is waaaay worth it! Plus we got 25% off just  for joining the eClub at Texasdebrazil.com. Highly recommended to everyone who likes to eat.
i went here for my bday ( you get a free meal for your bday u just have to signup online) and it was one of the better brazillian places i have been to. their salad bar was to die for. aside from the salad bar they also have a buffet of side dishes like potatoes and cheese assortments, olives. they even have soup.. the lobster bisque was excellent.

of course they had their meats paraded around the restaurant... all were well cooked and well seasoned, high quality meat. the chicken could get a bit dry at times but the beef was always excellent. you truly will go into a meat coma after the experience. one of the best things they have is the fried plantains. they are one of the best that  ive had ever. 

the service was average nothing too fantastic. the ambience was nice. overall a good experience and worth the time and money.
I had ZEE most elegant evening here with my BF. We celebrated our 2nd year anniversary here. First of all.. I have never in my life had any kind of service like this before proper etiquette and everything!

When we came in to claim our reservations, the host called us by our last names. Like "Mr. Santos". It was pretty amazing since it was both our first times here. We got to our table and the host automatically pulled out my chair for me. And bonus was that she pulled out the chair I prefer sitting in, which is facing out instead of facing the wall. Then, she placed my cloth napkin over my lap. Our server came over and asked for our drinks. They actually brought us out some complimentary Champaign, Cordon Negro to be exact. He also explained how this whole process works. Basically, there's this circle shaped card which is very important if you wanna eat the good stuff. It's green on one side and red on the other. Red means you don't want to be served and Green means bring it on! This is for the Men with swords of different types of meat walking from table to table. But before I do speak of the main course.. Our server pointed us to the salad bar. This is no ordinary salad bar. For the lack of words, it was HUGE. what amazed me most was that they actually had different types of cheeses. And a small selection of sea food. Such as; zesty shrimp and smoked salmon. Everything from there tasted just as good as the main course.

So, not even half way into finishing our salads.. We decided to flip the card to green.. And these Men with swords did not waste a second and came rushing over. At almost every corner of the table there was; Filet Mignon, skirt steak, lamb chops, flank steak, Brazilian sausage, parmesan chicken (which was kinda dry and I think they should just stick to steak) and my FAVORITE of the night... The Garlic Picanha. Our server brought out some mashed potatoes and these sweet bananas to cleanse our palates. And I didn't even need my A1 sauce.

And amazingly, we had room for a little taste of dessert after. I mean it was our anniversary and you gotta end it right with dessert. Our server brought over a sample tray of all their desserts. We decided on the Brazilian Cheesecake. I don't know what makes it Brazilian, but it was pretty delicious.

If you're not really picky with steak, but would love to explore the different cuts. This place is a good start.
I've always enjoyed eating here but today's service was so poor that I felt compelled to inform my fellow yelpers.  We waited for more than 10 minutes after being asked "what type of meat we would like" and actually had to ask a total of 3 times.  One of the diners in our party found an object (glass or plastic) in his lobster bisque and upon bringing it to the manager's attention, was offered an explanation that it was a button.  After several minutes the manager returned and offered him one free desert. How generous.  We declined.  I'm saddened that the overall deliciousness of the meal somehow gives the entitlement for such poor service, especially for the price.
I have been here many times for both lunch and dinner, always great food, always great service. But today a different story. I got the lobster bisque and it was accompanied with a half a button. I gave the find from my soup to the waiter, he apologized. The manager came over and again apologized. The waiter came back a little later and stated that the Manager would like to offer me dessert for the half a button that was in my soup. I'm sorry but... Dessert??? I already lost my appetite with finding a hard plastic button in my favorite soup, dessert???? 

Texas gets a HUGE thumbs down in the customer service!!! I can totally understand something in my soup... But hell.. Free dessert?? Buy my f'n lunch manager!!! Or at least have the customer skills to ask me how he can resolve the issue, offer me something himself but instead you leave it to the waiter to say something ???

I think the waiter should have been the manager and the manager should look for another non customer interaction based position.
I ate there weeks ago and I'm still full. *burp*

It starts with the salad bar which is a salad bar on steroids. Really, goat cheese? Olives? This is way more than your average salad bar which is good and bad all at once. You want to save room for your meats but you just can't pass up the goodies displayed at the salad bar. 

After that, it's time for the meat and greet. Don't waste your time eating meat you know you don't like. Pass and stick to the items you know and love. Trust me, there's just no enough room to make any mistakes here. My fave was the prime rib, best I ever had [period]. Everything else was second best, if that. 

Oh and there are side dishes too. Best mashed potatoes I've had. So creamy. Some sweet plantains. So good, it's like dessert. 

I almost did the Kobayashi move and started massaging my stomach to make room for more. 

Oh yah! And Sangria...lovely, so lovely. This place is great and spectacular service as well.
this place is AWESOME!! oh my god! i cannot rave enough about the food! you definitely have to go there on a empty stomach! our favorite was the strip steak and the filet. it is a bit on the pricey side, but defintely worth it when you look at how much meat you will be getting for $40-something per person!
Went here with my lady for our anniversary back in March, I know...so long ago!  I totally forgot to Yelp this place.

Texas de Brazil puts the 'Meat' in meaty!  This churrascaria is a carnivore's paradise!  Me...I love the red meat so I was all over this place like Fred Flintstone on ribs!  Perfect place to get your fill of succulent flesh...one serving after continuous serving!  No pain no gain!  Cholesterol?  Who cares!  Garlic breath?  What garlic breath?  Loosen my belt?  I don't need no stinkin' belt!  Let the gluttony ensue!

After being seated at our 'special' table by our hostess (LOL, I reserved a more intimate table but their idea of intimacy is to place us smack dab in the middle of the restaurant...but it was ok) our waitress kindly asked us if we had been to Texas de Brazil before.  After we said 'No' she went through how the entire process works.  She showed us how we were to start with the many offerings on their salad bar, and when we were ready to partake in some of their many meaty masterpieces (my words, not hers) all we had to do was turn our little marker over from red to green and their gauchos would start bringing those fancy skewers to our table.

Just the aroma of this place made me sooooo hungry!  Their salad bar rivals one you might find at a decent buffet...but much, much better.  There were so many great choices!  I had decided to fill up on the meat earlier on but couldn't resist partaking in many of their salad bar delicacies.  I could come here just for the salad bar!  I tried:

- Buffalo mozzarella with tomatoes
-Asparagus with strawberry sauce
-Hearts of palm 
-Marinated artichoke hearts
-Tabbouleh (so good)
-Cauliflower salad
-Roasted red peppers and mushrooms
-Spicy tuna rolls (yes!  Sushi at a Brazilian joint!  Ha Ha!)
-Lobster bisque

All were great!  The spicy tuna rolls were a bit on the generic side but what can you do?  They're not Japanese so I'm not gonna knock them for it!  There were so many other things at the salad bar I wanted to try but needed to save the room!  During our jaunt at the salad bar we noticed that some sides had arrived to go with our dinner, which I totally didn't expect.  These guys want to kill me before I reach the meat or what?  All were very good:

-Garlic Mashed potatoes - Creamy and extra garlicky..yum

-Sweet Fried Bananas - Great for in between meat courses and very addictive, I think we had at least two orders of this

-Brazilian Cheese Bread - Damn yummy and great for sopping up all those precious meat juices on your plate

This was fun, but I was so ready for some meat grindin'!  I prepped my lady and told her we were going in, and I turned over that marker to green.  In less than two minutes (I kid you not) our first gaucho had arrived!  In a few minutes a little line of gauchos had formed because they saw our plates were empty!  We just took everything that was offered to us...we ended up with three plates full of meat on our little table!  We got to sample (ok, more like devour):

-Garlic Picanha - One of Texas de Brazil's signature meats, so garlicky!  Crispy, juicy and delicioso!

-Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon - What isn't good wrapped in bacon, eh?  It gave the tender filet the flavor punch it needed.

-Flank Steak - It was a bit overcooked and didn't come out rare like I like it, but I think because of the marinade they use it still came out nice and tender.

-Ribeye - I got nice fatty line running through my piece!  Score!  So juicy and flavorful!

-Parmesan Chicken - A bit on the dry side because it was definitely left on to cook too long

-Parmesan Pork Loin- Moist, and very good flavor with the parmesan crust

-Leg of Lamb - I rarely eat lamb (the flavor bugs me) but this was surprisingly flavorful and done well

-Lamb Chops - For not being a lamb conoisseur I ate this bad boy up!  Not gamey at all, very juicy and tasty!  I had like 4 of them!

-Brazilian Sausage - Nice and spicy, crisp on the outside and full of robust flavors

It was meat heaven I tell you!  Almost everything we ate was good, but what made some of the cuts of meat stellar was Texas de Brazil's in-house made chimichurri sauce.  This stuff is excellent!  Made out of parsley, cilantro, oregano, garlic, red pepper flakes, lemon juice, canola oil, salt, and pepper, it added so much flavor to their already succulent meats!  I could put this stuff on a leather shoe and it would taste good!

By the end of our meat-a-thon we were stuffed.  Like super stuffed.  Like I was about to give birth to a baby cow stuffed.  We absolutely had no room for dessert, although many of their offerings looked delicious (and were huge portions as well).  I slowly waddled out of this place full and happy.  Did I mention I didn't touch red meat for two weeks?!

Excellent service.  $45 per adult, but join their e-club and get generous coupons!  I got a BOGO for our anniversary!  !  Save that dough...eat some meat!
always good!
WARNING THIS IS NOT FOR HERBIVORES or your stuck in the salad/cheese bar. Boooo
They bring around meat on sticks to your table and you get to choose which kind you want. It's primitive it's brilliant it's good. Meat on sticks, thats the primitive part. Why not come here eat fillet mignon, lamb chops, pork, beef, EVERYTHING.
The herbivore bar is there to help compliment your meat.
This place is bomb, and is worth the price.  The quality of the salad bar is tops, all roasted vegetables are awesome, cured meats, fresh cheeses top notch.  All the red meats are flavorfull and they will cook it however you want it.  Service is good as well.  Highly recommended and come hungry.
If I had never gone to the Texas de Brazil in Florida for dinner, I would have given this place 5 stars. Their dinner is more expensive at $50 a person while lunch is $25 but the meat selection and the salad/endless buffet table seemed to be much larger during dinner hence the price increase.

Saying that, I'm going to review this place like it was my first trip to Texas de Brazil. Amazing! The leg of lamb is to die for. I had to request for lamb because the guy never came to our table. What a shame because I would have gladly eaten just the lamb the entire meal! The sausage, chicken and pork are okay.. go for the beef and the lamb. It's the best- juicy, tender and sinful! They also have filet mignon so you can definitely eat your moneys worth here- easily. I don't really remember what I was eating, I just kept nodding my head while chewing because I didn't want to stop when the men with the meat came to our table asking if I wanted the meat. Sorry I was so rude and unladylike! This is what Texas de Brazil did to me...

I really liked the salad/endless buffet table. The lobster bisque was good but a little too salty. The rice.. OMG. I love my rice but they must have put crack in theirs! Who the heck goes to a buffet to eat rice?! Apparently I did because I had two generous helpings. They flavored it with fat or cooked it in a mixture of broth or water.. I don't know but it was really flavorful. The cured prosciutto and salami were also delicious and the quality was very good. The spicy cauliflower wasn't overcooked, lightly flavored and a great addition to my already full plate. The asparagus is always a winner as well as the button mushrooms. The marinated artichokes were okay. The flavored shrimp was a pass for me. I was excited for this since they didn't have it in Florida but it tasted like Chinese dim sum which was weird to me. 

Dessert is not included in the cost of the buffet but I saw slices of cake being ushered around and they looked delicious! For the price you get the endless buffet table and all you can eat amazing Texas/Brazil style BBQ meat. There is a Brazilian soda which I can't recall the name of but it tasted like cough syrup in a good way.. WTH right? It's good, trust me. At first sip I didn't want it but the taste settled on my tongue and it was quite pleasant. Beverages are also not included in the price and sodas are about $2.50. 

My mouth is now salivating thinking of everything I ate that day.. if only they had one in the Bay Area!
Went there for anniversary and it us a great place to celebrate. A little on the pricey side. It's 46.99 for dinner which includes the salad bar and all you can eat meat. They have ribs, chicken, pork, and lamb. All well marinated and seasoned to perfection. Servers are very attentive. You also get a side of bread, mashed potatoes, and sweet banana with brown sugar. Also saw Carlos Santana, which made it that much better.
this place is awesome for a meat lover expensive though but its worth trying at least once if you love meat all meat is a tad salty but good the only thing that really sucks about this place is that for $46.99 per person soda, iced tea or coffee should be included but no they don't even refill your soda each soda $3 for 6.5oz size that is obscene but i say go try it any ways you won't be disappointed with the quality of the food.
I would give this place a three and half, just cause there prices were outrageously expensive.  Ok, I do understand I'm getting a slice of the most expensive meats...but com'on? It felt like I paid for a $60 meal.  For a meal of three including 2 desserts, we paid well over $175.00 not including tax.  

The meats were good, but not worth the price we paid for.  I highly recommend the sausage if you do end up trying this place.  For some reason I didn't like the ambiance of this place.  For something expensive like this, I would expect a high class meal.  It just felt noisy and crowded. The idea of people serving you slices of meat that's warm and juicy, is pretty genius though.  But overall, I thought my experience was....I can't find the right word except "BLEH." Our waiter did not clearly explain how you get pieces of the meat, I had to learn that by myself put it's pretty quick to learn. I felt like trying to get our waiter's attention was hard, even asking small things like the dessert menu, refilling drinks, or the basket of bread was difficult.  

I think if you're looking to get the all you can eat meat, and are willing to pay the price then yeah...go for it! But honestly, I think you can get a better meal for a decent price.  It won't be all you can eat, but I didn't find that worth it.  You get incredibly full fast.
If meat is what you like, then this is the place. We had reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived. The side are buffet style and very good. They had servers walking around with large skewers of meat that stopped at your table whenever you had the green button face up. All of the meats were excellent. The service was great.
Totally fabulous and delicious.

If you're a meat lover,  you MUST head to Texas de Brazil.  There are a handful of Brazilian steakhouse choices in Vegas (Pampas, Yolies, Samba), but we decided on TdB for our meat fest.  The bonus was that young children eat free.  Sweet!  

The sidebar is awesome (especially the bowl of crispy bacon pieces), but trust me ... save room for the star of this show.  The MEAT.  (and the cheese bread)

The filet and flank steak were my favorites.  Skip the pork and chicken as they weren't anything special.   As I sat there inhaling bite after bite, I wondered how much meat Man vs. Food could put down.  I know he'd put me to shame for sure.  

The service was spot on and the creme brulee dessert was totally unnecessary, but absolutely tasty.  

This location is at Town Square which was the cutest outdoor shopping area I've ever seen.  Tons 'o parking.  Total for 3 adults (no alcohol) came to $188 not including tip.
Texas de Brazil is a must stop every time we are in Vegas! Skip the casino buffets and prepare yourself for some amazing meat. The side bar alone is to die for!! Just remember to pace yourself because you can easily be satisfied with the side bar alone.

If you get over excited and food finds its way onto your outfit, no need to freak out....we found out that they also offer dry cleaning!
Wonderful churriscaria. Came here because we planned on going to the RumJungle (which is now closed). Great foods, sides bar had some surprises (lobster bisque, crab rolls) but just didn't quite measure up to my old favorite digs (RumJungle).  Great selection of meats, my favorites ended up being the beef ribs and the pork ribs, everything from tenderloin to turkey. And it arrives FAST.

Made 745 reservations, checked in at 7 and waited in the bar til about 8. But overall a good experience
Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
My first Brazilian BBQ experience did not disappoint.  I'm not a big meat eater, but I made an exception for this meal with a group of colleagues.

The dinner menu is fixed price, and includes a salad/appetizer bar that easily provides a whole meal alone.  The lobster bisque was awesome.  Lamb chops and rare tenderloin were my favorite meats.

The food is never ending, and most of the side dishes are very rich - so go hungry.  

Others complained about the price, but I thought it was reasonable considering the quality and quantity of food.
I'm not usually a fan of chain places but this place is MY FAVORITE PLACE IN VEGAS!!  The scallop potatoes are so delish!!! Cheesy crack balls...yes please!! Filet mignon....prime rib....strip steak.....yum yum yum.
Fresh mozz, asparagus, goat cheese....love love love. And then there is more meat of course...pork, chicken, and lamb. Great atmosphere, perfect for all kinds of events....I have been here for new years, birthdays, and my BFF's wedding reception.

Service is attentive and on point always!! Love that they take reservations too!
Not impressed! The meats were very salty! No refills on soft drinks! The filet was really dry! We were celebrating a birthday and the dessert wasn't comped? Extremely over priced!!!!! 
Not worth your money! I went to the fiesta casino buffet and paid $6.99 and had better cuts of beef than here!!!!
Texas de Brazil is a large chain of Fine Dinning Churrascaria Style Restaurants.  They are on par (in size and distribution) as the Cheese Cake Factory and are international.  The dining area is large with two side rooms (also large) that can easily be turned into private dining or party rooms.  The decor is commissioned by either the owner or corporate of local artists that lends a unique touch to each establishment.  They have a full bar and a wine selection that any 5 star restaurant would envy.

The service is top notch and extremely pleasant while helpful.  They strive to make your dinner an experience.  While pouring your water they cover the opposite side with a cloth as not to splash the table.  Since this one is in Vegas you can see people dressed as if attending the Opera seated next to a guy in a beanie and shorts.  Now on to the food...

The "Salad Bar" is absolutely something out of a dream.  Offering obvious salad and ruffage to sushi, cheese cart, and other offerings that would rival another establishment's main course.  The servers of course carry out the more than 14 different kinds of meats on a skewer and will slice the meat for you.  You then use tongs to take the meat and place it on your plate.  There is a small circular card with a Green Symbol or a Red Symbol like Go and Stop for the servers to recognize if you want them to serve you.

There is no hurry here as you can stay as long as you want and eat as much as you want so pace yourself.  They have everything from filet mignon, to chicken, to lamb, to rabbit, to the house special strip steak, etc etc...The food here is very good and it comes out as quickly as they can make it.  No complaints as the food is high quality.

Please understand that this is not a "Buffet" so they do not give "free soda refils" nor are the drinks included in the price.  I love how people compare this place to a buffet, very inaccurate to say the least.  Also understand that the price is around $50 each for dinner that does not include beverage or liquor, and the awesome desserts are also a separate charge.  Expect to drop $150-$200 for a dinner for 2 including wine and dessert.  If you want free soda hit a buffet.

*Note* Celebrities often frequent this establishment especially if the UFC or Boxing has a huge card.  They will be everywhere in the restaurant the night before a fight.  Give respect and don't ask for autographs or photos while they eat...
Been here Three times i like to come here when we get a two for one in the email (just sign up for the email club and get free dinners) we had 7:30 reservations and didnt get in untill 8:00. and was so busy that the salad bar was coverd with people. nowhare to get in we circled two times before finally cutting in. The peppercorn sauce was awesome, the meats were alright lamb was nasty smelling and tasteing.Maybe it was old? blah lost my appitite after smelling it. its not worth the fifty dollars a peice but two for one is great.My honey is sick of this place,if i could talk him in to going again maybe we will go back.
soooo worth the $$$$!!!  amazing!  The salad bar and the meats are fantastic!!!  The bacon wrapped chicken, garlic sirloin steak are my favorites!  try to save room for desert, the bananas foster pie is awsome!
I'm a hardcore carnivore.  This place is perfect for me.  Lol.  Except, as much as I think I can eat a whole cow, I really can't.  I got full too quick.  Maybe from inhaling my food in a quickness.  The filet and house special sirloin were my faves.  So tasty!  I wasn't really feeling the salad bar items though.  I got a whole plate of salad bar items, and at the end, I noticed I hardly even touched that plate.

I did enjoy the mashed potatoes and cheese bread with my meats.  Wine menu is very extensive.  Sweet bananas was my dessert instead of my palate cleanser lol.  I think it's over priced, but maybe because I can't eat $50 worth of food.  Service was excellent too.  

We'll definitely be going back, just not often.  Next time, I'm starving myself before we go.
I've now been here twice and feel I have learned something after the second trip. First, get there early. Try for when it opens. Less guests means quicker and more gaucho service for you. Second, go with a smaller party so you can be in the main dining area. Again, it may also help to get there early. The first time I went, we sat pretty close to the salad bar. Because it was such a high traffic area, the meat never stopped coming and you rarely had to wait for anything. The second time I was there, it was with a much larger party, we were in the side/back room and the meat servers seemed to disappear at times. However, if you get there early and get a good location, you will be in meat lover's heaven. And don't listen to people when they say save the room and stay away from the salad bar. It's more than a salad bar and it's worth a trip. I say eat the salad bar and skip desert. If eating is your idea of a good time and you like copious amounts of meat, check this place out.
As a vegetarian, I highly value any restaurant that offers selections catered to my diet. Texas de Brazil has a varied salad bar that would suit even the pickiest carnivores. I love their huge wheel of grana padano, as well as their vegetable selections.

My only complaint is that most salad bar selections are pretty salty and very similarly herbed/flavored. A more varied pallet would be appreciated.

I've been three times now and we are guaranteed to return. Excellent service and the staff allows you to linger.
If you sign up for their birthday club you can get a free meal from them yay! I can't remember if it's bogo or just free since I've gone with my hubby both times and paid for one dinner anyway.  The salad bar here is better than any other Brazilian bbq I've been to (Greenfields in So. Cal and Fogo de Chao in Los Angeles).  The meat is very good quality and also very tasty.  On our wedding anniv. the waiter brought us a slice of the chocolate mousse cake--very yummy!  The service here is top notch and so is the food so I say you should try it out.
Sign up for eclub and got 25% off, can't wait to try.

Very nice restaurants, and "VERY" popular on Friday night, two people without reservation, we was wait for 2 hours for a tabel and keep extend for waiting time...(-one star)

Lobster Bisque a little bit salty, salad bar was really good, picanha very  tasty, filet mignon was ok, filet mignon wrapped in bacon was overcook,  flank steak...REALLY REALLY SALTY...(-one star)
Compare with our next day's 24 hours meals "Buffet of Buffets" $39.99 per person...I "LOVE" Buffet of Buffets better.

P.S. Waitress was very nice and refills very quicky.
Do NOT wait for an eClub coupon.  They are slow to act and slower to care. From their Feedback page.

"To Whom it May Concern:

I don't know if this classifies as a Dining Problem or an eClub problem, as both seem to be missing an element of professionalism.

Going through a third-party for eClub signups is one thing, having one that doesn't support those who sign up for it is another.  And having a restaurant that won't go the extra mile is, frankly, sad.

I called just now to the Las Vegas location, with an attempt to redeem my girlfriend's voucher for a free meal.  We have been in search of a Brazilian all-you-can-meat gourmet location, and I was so impressed the first time we came.

Since [the voucher] did not exist (we both registered several weeks ago), we called the restaurant for some advice to see if anything could be done to accommodate us.  The short answer, (after 4 unanswered calls and a three-minute hold time) was a resounding, "No."  ("Occasionally," said the hostess, "You might get a belated coupon or something.")

The hostess assured us that a complimentary cake-like dessert with a complimentary candle could be afforded us, but that no special accommodations could be done.  Just the kind of service I would expect from a McDonald's.

As an amateur critic for restaurants through several websites, I was dumbfounded, after our first experience, to see how unwilling your restaurant was at helping out its potentially-loyal patrons.

Suffice it to say, we're boycotting the location and telling our friends and colleagues about the unfriendly service you seem to provide.  Actions are, after all, louder than words.

Furthermore, I feel I am doing your company a service by allowing you to understand the situation that others (including myself) that have been subject to this kind of treatment.  It would benefit you to know you are losing significant business through this lack of courtesy.

Please respond.  I was just growing to love your restaurant.  This experience has hindered that significantly.

Your potentially Loyal Guest,
Tyler"
Extremely over priced.  Every meat dish was either overcooked, undercooked, or too fatty.  EVERY MEAT DISH was toooo SALTY!!!  The only thing decend was the sausage, but sausage is decent at McDonalds, too!

$8.00 for a slice of cake, to boot!  $70 a head.  No way, no how.  And I'll tell others to stay away as well.
Amazing food! The salad bar was the best I have ever have and the meat is unreal. The staff is constantly bring food to your table. Service was ok, our waitress seem to have an attitude. I know its just one experience but that is all I got. I gave it four stars because the crazy high price.
I was in Vegas for 5 days on a business trip, this was Day One, my first time trying out a Brazilian steakhouse, and Texas de Brazil has set a really high bar!

There were 9 people in my group, only one person had came here before. This was the highest I ever spent for an all-you-can-eat at $46.99, but for ordering nothing but meat, everyone needs to try it once.

Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon was awesome, and lamb chops got the whole table excited. So much of the night was a blur because everyone was just focused on the food. 

Out of the 5 days in Vegas, I can still picture the food in my head and can't wait to experience this place again the next time I'm in town.
Love it

This was the first brazilian steak house I had been to, & after trying 4 other type of Brazilian BBQ steak houses Texas de brazil is still tops. 45 bucks isn't bad consider the variety of what you get. I've been to places that charge 30 or 35 & the meat selection is a lot lower, & the quality doesn't compare. Don't get me wrong the places that range about $30 are still good but Texas puts them to shame.

Over the last two years this place has become really popular especially in Vegas so don't be stupid & expect to just drop in on a weekend without a reservation & wonder why your sitting outside for a few hours. The place gets so busy around diner time that you might have a 5-10 min wait even with reservations.

I've seen a few bad reviews because they tend to come around more often with cuts or choices of meat that people don't care for as much as filet in bacon or lamb. A valid beef (no pun intended) but when you think about it there's about 50-70 other tables in the place filled with people, everyone else is going to want to try the best before they fill up on some chicken breast or flank steak.

I've been to this location about 9 times & the service has always been fantastic, the servers always check in with you to see if there's anything you haven't had a chance to check out, & will make sure someone brings it over to your table

Bottom line, if your a fan of steak or just meat in general this is the place to be.
Meat heaven.  I wonder how many pounds of meat this place goes through a day?  

I've been to this location over 10 times.  First of all there is no reason to EVER pay full price.  Sign up for their email list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your bday, anniversary, fathers/mothers day (I actually had pictures of my niece stored on my phone in case they asked about our "kids" the first time we used them) and a couple of other days.  Need more coupons?  Use your other email account and set up other bdays!  The coupon doesn't work on Saturday though :(

My wife and I were vegetarian for the entire month on January so this was the best place to end it.  Best things on the menu are the filet, lamb chops, any of the sirloins, the flank steak and ummm...more lamb.  

Best strategy is to get 4 meats and then flip your thingy to red so at least you can enjoy those pieces while they're hot.  Otherwise you're just barraged by piles and piles of meat and you have no idea what is what. 

It's a good thing they haven't hired people with Chinese restaurant dim sum experience or this place could get crazy!!!!!!!!

Sure it's not the best quality meat but its one of the best places in town to gorge yourself.  Easily one of the top 3 restaurants I would take a friend that has been in prison for 3+ years.
Very good selection of meats. To a first time person that doesn't prefer rarely cooked meat, just tell your waiter when first seated. He or she will make sure they send the more cooked meats to your table. Also do not miss out the fantastic "salad bar," has everything from shrimp, goat cheese and much more.
A group of friends and I decided to try this place out as we are fans of Brazil BBQ. They have a  bar that you can sit at during your wait if you want a drink. We were seated and pointed to a buffet style bar. Fruits, seafood, cheeses and other appetizers to start with before the meat makes its rounds. Our two servers were very polite and knowledgeable of the meats. They were able to describe each meat's palate so we knew what to expect. 

We decided to try everything. I loved it all. I tried to get take in the taste of every different type of meat. I think I lost it after the first glass of wine and third piece of meat. Sorry guys. All I could do was sit there and say yum while drinking my glass of wine. All while enjoying the food we had a good conversation with our two servers every time they visited our table.

I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I make my way out to Vegas.
I celebrated one of my friends birthdays here, and it was great. I don't know what was better; the never ending salad bar, or the never ending meat train. LOL. Although this place is a little pricey, it is the perfect place for a special gathering.
Meat orgy! I'm not sure if i can really describe how good this place is. One of our group said. "this is so good i'm going to cry" and tears actually rolled down her face. Her husband, a chef, didn't say a word because his mouth was always full of beef/pork ribs, bacon wrapped filet, etc. Far and away the best lamb chops I've ever had. Plus thes guys have one of teh best salad bars I've ever seen but I highly reccommend skipping it to save room for the delicious carne.The group has been talking about this meal for weeks and some one recently said, "you know I just realized that no one even thought to ask for any salt/pepper or any other sauce. I don;t think it crossed anyone's mind"
Dear Fogo de Chao, 

I cheated on you. I'm sorry, but I was in Vegas, and you know what they say about Vegas...and you weren't here, and I was hungry, and I thought it was just going to be a one night stand, slumming it in sin city...but I think I'm in love. Don't worry Fogo, we're not breaking up or anything, but just know a little bit of my Foodie loyalty will always be in Vegas. 

Love, 

Jessica A. 

*****
Ok, on to the review. I saw a billboard for this place on the South end of Las Vegas Blvd, and frankly it looked cheesy. Texas de Brazil? Churrascaria? Ok, I'll give it a try. It's got to be at least as good as Greenfield right? Right? Please, let it be at least as good as Greenfield. 

So, we decide to try it on our last night in Vegas, and pull in to the shopping center where it's supposed to be. Drive around a little, and eventually find the place. Looks nice, weird front doors, looks like they're not open. 

Step inside, and immediately feel under dressed and transported somewhere far more elegant. I take another look around, and feel better, the other customers are dressed casually. It's just the hostesses who are in tuxedo jackets and pearls. We check in, and are given a pager, even though they say the wait is only 2-3 minutes. We walk by the standard buffet portion, what they refer to as a 60 item buffet. Apparently, different days of the week they have more stuff. It all looked wonderful, but I refuse to fill up on the cheap stuff so I kept walking. We were seated at a beautifully set table. I say seated because it was a process, we were assisted, extensively in the seating process. Chair not only pulled out, but pushed in, napkin in lap, etc. Our server Eric was already waiting by the time my butt hit the chair, offering beverages. Fine fine, beer, sparkling water, Grey Goose on the Rocks. Lets GO!

Flipped the card, and we were off. The food was amazing. Amazing I say. Started with filet mignon, which was to die for. Then they brought bacon wrapped filet mignon. Parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin, brazilian sausage, more filet mignon. I request picana, and Eric's eyes light up. Right away, he says. Then, up swaggers the Gaucho who's specialty is Picana. He slices off a piece, and I'm in heaven. He asks if I'd like another, and I say I prefer something a little rarer. Ah, of course! Right away, then, the picana just kept on coming and I could have died happy. 

The food was KILLER. Maybe even a half a star better than Fogo de Chao. The service, was amazing. The folks at Fogo are attentive, very attentive, but the people here were beyond attentive. I think my table for 2 had it's own dedicated staff of 4 people the ENTIRE time. Wow. 

It's just a good thing there isn't one of these places in the LBC, I'd go broke in a hot minute. 

Oh, creme brulee. 'Nuff said.
Do not eat for a week before dining at this place. Meat lovers paradise is what I call this place. 

I tried almost all the meats except for the sausage. Filet mignon wrapped in bacon was a bit on the salty side but I think it was the bacon. Washed it down with the Sangria (This is really good) and it was all good in the hood.

I tried the lobster bisque and it was good. I only tried the asparagus and sauteed mushrooms from the salad bar. The bread was great its like a giant gooey cheese ball. 

I highly recommend this place.
Dudes walk around with Sharp Knives and leave pieces of dead animals on your plate...

F*CKING SMART!!

lobster bisque was pretty amazing. Thick, rich, and velvety , not a lot of lobster flavor but still it was VERY nice. I wanted to take some home to use as a sauce for unsavory things like cardboard and Styrofoam for weight loss purposes.

20 minutes into the meal my plate was covered with slices, chunks, and bones of perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked parts of things that were once living. Need a forensics team to identify what's on my plate but everything was spot on and very tasty.
If you love meat and want to eat like a caveman this place is for you.  As a woman (there were 3 women in my party) it was more food than any of us could hope to consume.  However, we made a valiant effort!

The salad bar is awesome with things other than salad fixings that set it apart from other salad bars.  Too many items to mention and other reviewers on this site have done it already.  But have to mention the LOBSTER BISQUE.  Although the soup is very creamy and smooth, without a  hint of lobster, this was still good enough to have us going back for a second helping. The smoked salmon on the salad bar was incredibly good.  Had to go back for this again too. 

Start with the awesome little balls of CHEESE BREAD ; hot and oh so addicting.  Couldn't stop eating them - these can curb your appetite.

The SMOKED BACON WRAPPED FILET MIGNON  was truly delicious, very tender and juicy but very rich.  We could only eat just one piece.  We all wanted more. The bacon was the best I've ever had.

The PARMESAN CRUSTED CHICKEN BREAST was good but it was just chicken breast and not much to rave about.  If you don't eat beef, lamb or pork this would have been just fine. There are two chicken offerings but I can't remember the other one. 

The MARINATED FLANK STEAK  was so good and tender we ate 3 helpings.  Go for this one.

The BEEF RIBS were tough at first but asked for another piece instead and the second one hit the spot.  Very good, very rich and very tender.

The DOUBLE LAMB CHOPS melted in our mouths, but were very, very salty.  I would love to have had another one since I  am a lamb lover but couldn't handle the saltiness.   

I loved the BRAZILIAN SAUSAGES especially the cracking skin.  Juicy, flavorful and just the right amount of spice.  My friends turned a thumbs down but they don't like sausages of any kind so take  that for what it's worth. 

The GARLIC MASHED POTATO dish served at the table was so good we asked for a second dish.   Perfect, creamy and topped with a sprinkling of cilantro which gave this a very unusual and delicious touch. 

The SERVICE was exceptionally good.  They were very attentive to our every need and never stopped coming to the table even though we had our cards turned to red.   On the down side we asked for the bar-becued pork ribs and they never came.  We asked a second time and still nothing.    We had eaten more than we could handle at this point anyway.   

The PRICE was $46.95 plus tip and if you're a small eater this is on the high side.  But trust me it's worth it.  Dessert is extra but who eats dessert here?

For a Monday night the place was packed solid - not an empty table anywhere and as we were leaving there were at least 20 people waiting in the lobby to be seated.   I WOULD STONGLY RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS OR EARLY SEATING ON THE WEEKENDS.
Posted photos..
Dear Fellow Yelpers, 

I would like to deeply apologize for not listening to those of you who forewarned me about going to Texas De Brazil for my four year anniversary. I almost wish I just ended up going to Olive Garden instead. But, I should have listened to Debbie and gone to Rosemary's. But, the 25% coupon was just too hard to pass up and so made my decision that way. 

I made reservations for 7:45pm and was really excited about it because of all the hype that was given about the restaurant. My friends love it here, my ex-boss love it here, and most yelp reviewers are fond of this place. When we arrived, we gave them my name with the expectation of being seated immediately since we had a reservation. But, that wasn't the case. We were given one of those gadgets that light up when you're ready to be seated and was told it would be a few minutes. That was unusual for my boyfriend and myself. 

About 20 minutes had passed and we finally got seated. First of all, what is the point of having a reservation if we're not going to be seated at our reservation time? This isn't the doctors office. When we sat down, we didn't know exactly what to do until a few minutes later when our server came to bring us bread. She said we just get up to get food from the salad bar and when we're ready we turn the circle cardboard thing over to green to let the guys with meat know that we're ready for meat. If we wanted a break, we turn it back to red. It was interesting but definitely not impressive. Secondly, do we get our own plate or does someone bring us any plates for the meat? I had to ask a server how that worked. 

We got up to get food from the salad bar and found a whole a variety of different salads to choose from. It was definitely a different kind of salad bar and excitement came over me after seeing it. I chose little bits of everything so I can get a taste of it all. There was a red salad with cranberry that tasted decent, mushrooms with garlic was okay, cucumber salad was nothing exciting, sushi sucked, smoked salmon was really good, cheese and meat weren't impressive to me, etc. My boyfriend wasn't happy either. He said he's had better. Needless to say, our excitement dropped by a half. 

It was time for us to try the meat, and after turning the circle card over to green, a whole band of guys with meat kept coming to us with what they had in their skewers. The chicken wrapped in bacon wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't moist enough; chicken with Parmesan was too salty; steak was really good and had enough flavor; lamb tasted like fish and was nasty! Don't get that unless you like the taste of old rotten fish; prime rib was also very tasty. 

After a few bites of the meat, we were just done. Twenty minutes of eating their food was more than enough and just called it quits. I think the only way we can enjoy the atmosphere there is if we were with a bunch of other people with a lot of alcohol in our system. To the right of us was a table with women cackling the whole time we were there. Not attractive to see and hear a woman cackle. So, Debbie definitely understand now why you went against the idea. 

We got our check and I presented her the 25% coupon we had and she had the nerve to educate me on letting someone know ahead of time that we had the coupon. Funny thing is when I made the reservations on line, there was a place where you can make comments and I made the comment that we had a coupon for 25%. I even called to make sure they knew about that. What amazed me above all else is how the server didn't even ask us how we enjoyed our food. It was prominent that we hated it there by just looking at our dull sullen faces. I could've raised a stink that the amount of money we paid was not worth the food they gave us. My bf and I wondered if our pallets are just not meant for expensive food. 

So, to all my fellow yelpers, I'm sorry for not listening to you. I will know better next time. This will not happen again. 

Sincerely, 

Sarah N.
Men walking around handing out their meat, how much better can it get than that? (No Homo) (Saying "no homo" exempts me from any homosexual guilt, implications, thoughts, or wonders).

This place is absolute protein heaven for carnivores. If you're a PETA member and reading this.......F*CK YOU! Go shove a sausage down your throat and be enlightened by the tastiness of meat.

They serve, pork, beef, chicken, and lamb in different variations. Furthermore, they also have a full buffet consisting of salads, pastas, rice, soups, finger foods etc. They also serve you a plate of mashed potatoes and grilled bananas. I highly recommend that you stay away from the mashed potatoes since it is very hearty, I mean why else do you think they give it to you???? Get your money's worth and stick to the meats and salads.

Service is spectacular, they even refold your napkin everytime you leave. Price is reasonable for what they offer, but not on the cheap side. Portions......well it's unlimited!!

Texas De Brazil is so awesome I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
Salt, salt, salt, and more salt.

Hey...the meat there is pretty salty.  But it's good stuff.  They can be a little cheap on the premium meats like beef ribs - which are spectacular.  Instead, they'll bring around the parmesan chicken and such about 10 times as often.  Boo.  

I have been there about 10 times and have to say it was better when I first went there.  Not sure if it was the "novelty" or whether the quality has deteriorated.  The salad bar is still solid with a surprisingly high quality romaine lettuce.  But you really go for the meat and last time I went they only had about 5-6 kinds of meat to bring around.  For $50/person that is not gonna cut it Texas de Brazil.  

Sides they bring to your table also are not great.  The cheese bread has been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.  Again, for $50/person you can afford to bake those throughout the night.  What else if your kitchen doing?
My first experience was at TdB in Miami in 2009.  I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL FAN SINCE. Every time I go to Miami, I must go to TdB.  

When they opened up in Las Vegas, I was so excited, I almost wet myself (just like I do when the men walk around with their meat sticks).  

Okay all jokes aside, my BF and I made a point we'd try TdB LV.  The morning before dinner I go to the Aria pool and get sloshed (hey, it's Vegas).  I was drunk out of my mind and managed to knock the f out and took a quick nap.  My alarm goes off and so I awake in a druken stupor.  I don't know how but I managed to pump myself up and I had to slap myself around (literally) to MAKE SURE I WASN'T GOING TO MISS TdB LV.  Drunk as I was, I managed to pull myself together to 1) wash my face 2) curl my long ass hair *tricky and dangerous while intoxicated and 3) shade in my eyebrows *extremely difficult to do while drunk and the outcome can be pretty darn scary.  With a one track mind, I softly slur to myself, "Nancy, you can do this! TdB!, TdB!, TdB!"

Result:  reeking like alcohol, I depart from Aria Resort and arrive in a cab to TdB with stank breath, half curled hair, small burn mark on my ear and neck, crooked eyebrows and two shades of red lipstick...i wasn't too far from a clown.  HOT MESS... ALL FOR TEXAS de BRAZIL (That's how good it really is!)

The food is delicious although sometimes, the meat is salty, salty and saltier.  My fav is the filet mignon.  I stay away from the parmesan chicken, I actually end up despising the guy who carries the parmesan chicken for the night, despite how cute he may be.  The smell is offensive and I can't and won't get past the stank.

The salad bar is an understatement  because it's waaaaaaaaaay more than just salad ie. sushi, variety of cold cuts, 100's of cheeses the list goes on.  I love the variation and endless choices.

BEST SANGRIA I'VE HAD AT A RESTAURANT...HANDS DOWN! 


PS.  the lobster brisque is bomb diggity
DO NOT SUCCUMB TO THE BLITZKREIG!

As you wait to be seated, and are surrounded by the intense aroma of deliciously seasoned red meat... control yourself!  When they finally seat you and your stomach is rumbling as daggers of sizzling beef walks past you... slow down.  Try with all your might to enjoy the experience and not stuff your face as they drop a bazillion bombs of meat on your plate.

Wish someone told us that before we sat down and was disgustingly full in 30 minutes and couldn't move.
TEXAS DE BRAZIL !! WOOOOOO!! You can not go to Vegas and not check this place out. Their salad bar is delicious, so many salads to choose from including a quinoa salad,  Traditional Southern American meals, and a citrus infused creme brulee ;)Everyone including a vegetarian would enjoy this place. My favorite part , is the cuts of meat... like some one i know said "who doesn't like a good cut?" and its true, me and many others are suckers for a nice tender piece. Their servers absolutely knew what to do, predicting our every need and leaving us with a great experience. I will definitely come back & I will tell all of my friends!!
I was all excited to go to this place and then read some mixed yelp reviews, and started wondering.  

Went around 5:30pm on a Sunday evening, and had 5 minute wait. But by the time I left around 8pm, there was a massive crowd inside and outside waiting. Moral of the story....go early.  I showed the coupon to the hostess just to make sure it would be good, and also handed it first thing to our waiter (just because of some of the random coupon mishap experiences mentioned on yelp).  No problems at all.

I'm happy to say this was a great experience. Had joined the eclub and took the email coupon....I'm not sure I would spring for the full price dinner.

Service is AMAZING.  Very personable, not overwhelming, extremely professional.  I read some complaints that the cheaper cuts of meat tend to come around more often. Just ask your server or the current person offering meat to your table to send something around. We asked if filet mignon was on the menu for the evening, and less than 5 minutes later the filet mignon guy swung by the table. No annoyance from any of the servers at all. 

The "salad bar" is more like salad/antipasto bar.  But I love antipasto so that wasn't a problem for me.  Spicy cauliflower had me hooked, and the other fresh salad greens, veggies, cheeses were great. The potatoes au grautin over at the salad bar were also splendiferous...yeah that's not a word but it is now.  I would actually consider going back for just the salad bar option (though not sure how much that costs).

The filet mignon was by far the best, but all the other beef was also extremely tasty. The chicken wrapped in bacon was also good (although how can you go wrong wrapping something in bacon).  I didn't get to warn my partner in time about the yelp reviews regarding the lamb....and those reviews were totally right.  Not our cup of tea.  

Yes, the meat is decently salty. Yes, because the salad bar has a lot of antipasto things, it is also salty. But honestly, I was pretty happy with the quality of food.  The exceptions were the lamb and the mashed potatoes brought to the table...the mashed potatoes were indeed toooooooo salty. Did I mention the potatoes au grautin?

With the coupon, one glass of wine, one soda, $92.  I kind of figure that if you get a filet mignon dinner from a nice restaurant, it will run you at least $35, and with the wide array of meats available, and the fact you could eat as much as you want, that seemed fair.  

If i had another coupon, think I'd go back. Full price...ehhhh...not sure just because of budget. But I think this place is worth a swing through. The food is definitely very decent, and the service makes the experience great.
I've been to a few Brazilian Steakhouses and this one is by far the best in Vegas!  The wait staff was very attentive, the meat servers came around in a timely manner.  Our plates were never empty!

And the food was outstanding!  Salad bar was great, they had lobster bisque which was incredible, and the steaks were perfect!!  

Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!  It will definitely be on my "must do" list for Vegas from now on!
They ought to have a sign outside that warns vegitarians away.   This place is mecca for any carnivore.   

If you haven't been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, this is how it works:  generally, you start off with a salad from the salad bar and then waiters with meat roasted on a sword walk by and offer you some.   As other have said, PACE YOURSELF!   Try everything,  but don't be afraid to take a break.    Turning the marker from Green (feed me!) to Red (leave me alone) doesn't mean you are finished.... you just won't be bothered for a little while.   If you see something you want, don't be afraid to ask for it.   This meal is not a sprint, but a marathon, pace yourself.  

I was there three weeks ago with a group of 5 others.   We had reservations and were seated promptly.   The place is a little noisy, but not horribly so.   The service was ok/good as we had empty water glasses from time to time, but the waiters with the meat on a sword were always around.   The food was very good.   Brazilian steakhouses tend to season the beef with salt before cooking, so be prepared for that.   But it makes the meat taste so good.   The filet was really good as was the sausage.   Mmmmm.   And for the amount and quality of the food you get, the prices are reasonable.   Expect to pay somewhere around $150 per couple.   But yeah, it's tasty!

Will I be back?   Yup, you betcha I will.
AMAZING AMAZING can't say this enough! The food the service all impecable if you haven't been it is a must go love the sangria with the freshly muddled fruit, and the salad bar wow. Would give more stars if I could
The food, especially the picana is excellent, but their service is just horrible.  Takes forever to get seated when you have reservations.  If you're waiting for a particular meat, you'll wait 20 min while the waiter skips your table over and over until you have to get up and ask your server to go grab the one you want.  Expect to have to do that over and over.

I absolutely love the food, and I've been eating there for over a year, but the service is so bad I'm finally just giving up on the place.
Place was GREAT! Went in on a Friday without reservations for a party of 4 and it was what I expected, about an hour wait so being that we weren't in a hurry we just hung out in the bar for the hour to have some drinks. The bartenders were fun and very nice and attentive. Drinks were all to perfection. Once that hour hit our pager went off and we were seated and greeted by our server (Taurus) very quickly. Very good waiter I might add. Very cool, down to earth and great sense of humor. Once we had our sides and sat down the meats came quickly and frequently, it was nice. No shortage of meat at all. Everything cooked perfect and for my gf who likes her meats a lil more well down our server made it happen. I would definitely go back when I go back to Vegas.
Went here for Birthday occasion on Saturday. Now the 5 stars is probably more for the idea of how a Brazilian Steakhouse works more so than this place in particular. If you are not familiar, it is a carnivore's dream come true. I mean the place itself is really well done and service was great, but anywhere i can go and have 4-5 different cuts of beef, 2 cuts of lamb, then an assortment of chicken and pork too, is heaven for me. 

The "Salad" bar is also amazing. Salad is in quotes as it is more a Mediterranean delight, with an assortment of things like olives, cheeses, fatty Italian meets, and well flavored veggies. I could literally stuff my face on this alone and be happy. Alas i only tasted a few things from here in order to save room; the artichoke, beets, and asparagus were awesome though.

As to the meat, it is soooooo good. Cooked and seasoned to perfection, I mean i am literally passing on parmesan encrusted chicken and pork tenderloin  as it is seen as filler. Waited for expensive cuts like rack / leg of lamb, or beef cuts like tenderloin, garlic top sirloin, or a nice hanger steak. And was able to wash it all down with a nice Peter Lehman Barossa Valley Shiraz at a reasonable price.

Would definitely go back again for a special occasion.
If you weren't a meat eater before, you'd become one after eating here!! Even their salad bar was great. You must try their red sangria, make sure it's mixed well & is on the sweeter side.  My Husband & I are fans now... :)
My husband and I come here for almost any special occasion.  The salad bar is incredible, you could get full on that alone!  The service is wonderful, as you can ask for a certain meat cooked at a different temp if they don't initially bring it.  The little cheesy biscuits are incredible, and I would highly recommend this place.  I've only had dessert once as I'm usually pretty stuffed after dining here (and even then I only finished half the dessert!) but the chocolate cake is to die for.  The only down side is the price, as I don't think it's worth $50 per person... so be sure and sign up for their email list, because they will send you a buy one get one free on your birthdays and anniversaries, which makes this place an incredible buy!
* Best steak ever. So many choices of meat and its unlimited!
* Ideal place to dine with your date without damaging your wallet and to show some class.
* 30$ per person for the food is reasonable considering the wide range of meat you get to eat and a full salad bar offering everything you will need
* Ambiance is good. You may have to call them in advance to make reservation.
* My best advise go hungry or feed on salads for couple of days!

Note: Being easy on your drinks could save you some!
OMGGGG.OMGGGGG!!

This place is my FAVORITE BRAZILLIAN BBQ...ok where do I begin...

Upon entering this restaurant, I had a chill going down my spine...very weird, but I guess I could tell something guud was about to happen. The restaurant looked gorgeous, with many paintings and celebs on the wall. Since the wait was about 30+ minutes (aka all guud restaurants have waits), we went straight to the BAR to watch the SEMIS of the NCAA FINAL 4. Ordered a patron on the rocks...got a nice buzz...then our buzzer blinnked...yesss it was time to eat.

Once we were sat at our table...we were READY TO EAT!
the self-serve buffet included:
-salads (they had about 20 different salads)
-vegetables
-dill pickles!
-LOBSTER BISQUE (wooowww....this was so guud, I think I had like 4 bowls of soup)
-variety of cheeses
-hot foods (potato, beans, and someting else....I forgot)
-sauteed mushrooms!!

As for as the BRAZILLIAN BBQ spot....how this works is that the servers walk around with kabob rods, and they ask you if you want that certain type of meat. If you do, they cut of slices for you, and then you use your picker to pick at the meat. THERE WERE TOO MANY FAVORITES THERE THAT NIGHT.

The only downside was that the dinner came out to $50...but ALL BRAZILLIAN BBQS are expensive.

THE EXPERIENCE AND FOOD WAS VERY GUUD....I DEFINITELY WILL COME HERE AGAIN!! A definite great alternative if your tired of the VEGAS buffets...or if you just want to try something new.

UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
I have been here twice within the last 3 months, but it was my first experience at a Brazilian Steak House. Very interesting concept. All you can eat meats that are continuously brought to your table until you are full!  

I highly recommend making a reservation since it was pretty crowded on the nights we came here. Recession? What recession? Even at $50 per person (not including drinks or dessert) there was absolutely no sign of the bad times here! 

The salad bar looked great! There were a wide variety of salads, dressings, vegetables, cheeses, breads, soups and more. I only grabbed a small portion of salad and rice because I was there to eat the meat baby!! I didn't want to ruin my meal and get full off of the salad bar. The rice was really good on my second visit, I liked how it had a hint of butter flavor in it.

Most of the meats were pretty good. I have not tried all of them yet, but my favorites were the Filet Mignon, Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon and the Garlic Sirloin. I did not like the Parmesan Chicken, Chicken Breast wrapped in Bacon and the Leg of Lamb. I REALLY DISLIKED that Lamb! I don't know how to explain it, but it tasted nasty and smelled funny!! Oh, and the Brazilian Cheesecake for dessert was also delicious!

My complaints about this place?

1. It always seems like my favorite meats never come around often enough! The guy with the Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon comes around once in the beginning and never again! WTF? Yet, you get the guys carrying the meats that you DON'T want coming to the table like 3 times?!? I guess the good thing is that you can tell your server what you are waiting for and they will make sure that it comes to your table. 

2. Watch out because I had meat juice squirted on me, LOL! So you may not want to wear your favorite outfit to this restaurant.

3. After we paid our bill, our waitress gave us cards to fill out to join their eclub. I filled it out and gave it back to her, but of course weeks later, I never received any email about it. So I just went on their website and signed up myself. No biggie, but seriously, what is the point of asking customers to fill out the cards if they are not going to register us for the eclub anyway? 

Overall I like eating at Texas de Brazil. But I would only eat here on special occasions like my birthday or anniversary because of the price!
Rodrizio was great! I would definitely go there again. Take a coupon because it is pricey. Nice atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
This place is super delicous!!! It is alittle pricey ($50) but oh so worth it for special occasions!
My favorites are the lamb chops and leg of lamb. So awesome! I also love the cheese bread buns they give you at the table and also the shrimp at the buffet you have to try! so good!

My husband and I signed up for their newsletter on the texas de brazil website and got two for one dinners on our bdays and anniversary! 

Service is always great and the atmosphere is great. 

I would say this place is not good for kids. The servers have sharp knives and heavy meats. Not a place for kids at all!
Beef, pork, chicken and all the protein your heart desires. Please be aware, you will need lipotor after a visit here. This location is pretty much the same lay out as the Miami, FL location.
The best Brazilian restaurant period. So much flavor! Everything was so delicious. And our server Adam was so passionate about his job. This Guy knew every detail about what they offered..and I mean every item. Very friendly and took good care of us. I will definitely spread the word and my compliments to their head chef and owners. Thank you for a wonderful experience. Price: $30 for lunch & $47 for dinner per person.
im carnivorous so this the perfect place for me. everything is good or at least worth a try. my favs are the house sirloin and the fillet that you can cut with a fork.
I dont think there is enough room to talk about Texas de Brazil! Any time I am near one, I find a reason to stop in. The food is outstanding and the staff is always top notch! Surprisingly good sushi and one of the best salad bars around. The meats..... well, you need to experience that yourself!
First off, this place is expensive, but you get what you pay for. 

Secondly, if you're visiting Las Vegas on vacation, you'll pay just as much if not more for an inferior meal on the Strip.

I had eaten at the one in Dallas (Addison) before, so when I saw they had one just south of the Strip, I knew we had to go. Since we were staying at the Luxor, it took us longer to walk to the car than it took to drive there. Seriously, it would take longer to walk to a restaurant at another casino than it does to drive here. It is literally just a couple of minutes south of Mandalay Bay.

The salad bar is amazing. It is a meal in itself. My girlfriend, a former vegetarian, said she could have easily had an amazing meal here as a vegetarian based on the tremendous amount of non-meat choices they had on the salad bar. This is not just a place for carnivores.

When I go, I try to avoid the various sausages and other cheap, filling meats they seem to bring around more often. I hold out for the less frequently circulated high quality meats. Don't feel obliged to take everything they offer. Keep moving with that sausage, I'll wait for the bacon wrapped filet mignon, thank you.

Oh yeah, just one of their mojitos will knock your socks off. It was like pure alcohol.
Plan on spending about $70 per adult for dinner, a drink and gratuity. The meats are served medium rare by the gauchos. The food is excellent and very filling - so go hungry and you'll be satisfied. Sign up for their E-club online and they'll send you invitations to join their paid membership VIP club which affords 50% dinners. Membership pays for itself after one visit.
Often I have a hard time giving a restaurant (or any place for that matter) five stars. But Texas de Brazil was amazing. Delicious meats, interesting atmosphere, fun for my family, and absolutely perfect for my birthday meal.

Be warned - it is pricey, expect to pay $50+ for each person. It is worth it. First off they have a fantastic salad bar. This is no ordinary salad bar, it is complete with delicious Brazilian-style salads, tabbouleh, sushi, many different soups (Lobster bisque!), delicious garlic shrimp, scrumptious meats and cheeses, sun dried tomatoes.... oh I could go on.

The service is delightful as well. When you leave your table, your napkin is quickly folded up and placed nicely beside your plate. Although our server was a bit slow to bring out my father's wine it was good none the less. Soft drinks come in tiny bottles and are poured into large glasses at the table. Kind of odd - why not just fountain? I prefer the taste of fountain Coca Cola to it out of the bottle, but I digress. 

Next is the meat. THE MEEEAAATTTT. My parents had been to a Brazilian steakhouse... in Brazil, so they knew exactly what to expect. My brother and myself - we weren't really sure. But the way it all works is just so fun and the when the meat starts coming, boy does it start coming. Before I knew it I had lamb chops, pork loin, flank steak, bacon wrapped fillet Mignon, and ribs on my plate! Don't forget the fried bananas! Those were almost my favorite part of the meal.

Their desserts are lovely too. I ordered Creme Brulee and the waiter had a "Happy Birthday" message written on the plate in raspberry sauce. Quite literally this dessert is a piece of heaven.

Our bill for four people - $256. 
Our experience - Priceless!

I would not make Texas de Brazil an all the time thing. In fact, I doubt I'd go back there just for dinner. I really think of it as one of those great celebration type of restaurants. So if you're having a birthday or an anniversary or perhaps even a date, it's a great place to go.
Great selection of meat and sides. Reservation is high recommended even on weekdays . We had a 8:30pm Thursday reservation and while we were waiting to be seated the people behind us were given a 45 min waiting time. Our non-alcoholic drinks were refilled promptly and our waitress came around routinely and asked if there were any meat we haven't tried or wanted more of and would send the meat carvers our way.
Singing AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! in my heaven voice, no matter what you like, you should be able to find it here! I got so full just from the salad bar, but it' not just a salad bar! lets call it an incredible bar! Whoot whoot! California rolls, asparagus, green beans, cheese slices! And thinks I don't even know what it is, but it's good! 
Yes its might pull the lint out of your pocket, but guess what.....you might not even be able to walk around town square because your so full! 
It's an amazing place! They also offer buy one get one free if you sign up on there web site! 
I love this place!
The lobster bisque is good but not as amazing as other people have said. I am also a harsh judge I am from New England. Service was great, the salad bar was fantastic. My favorite were the little cheese pop-over thingies that appeared at our table.
Our third attempt at a Brazilian steakhouse, for mother's day two years ago! This one's my fav.
I'm a huge carnivore, and this place does not upset.
I loved all the meats,every damn one of em.
Side dishes= we ended up with three rounds of fried bananas and two rounds of lobster bisque.
...and always have a caipirhina. Brazilian rum specialty drink.I'm a rum fan, totally.
also any place that serves caprese=gold. I think we've gone three times.
BTW, the architecture here is phenominal...kind of barbaric looking. it rules.

in case you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, your green and red shaker looking things are your stoplights. Green means "bring on the meat" red is no thanks. You may need to flip the thing several times. If you missed something you thought looked good, just wait. a new round will be out. Don't be alarmed at the huge-ass sword they serve with,they know what they're doing.
Also there are little tongs at your table=some meat you'll have to assist in getting to your plate!
desserts and alcohol are extra price, and this place even does cigars.
for real.
real deal.
subscribe to their email and get two for one coupon about every 3-5 months. It's soooo worth it.
Bad wine list.

Over priced.

Meat quality sub-standard. (Only bacon wrapped fillet and short ribs were good).

Pork ribs were shockingly bad. 

Cocktails were weak and extremely expensive. 

Salad bar was mediocre. Some stuff very good, some below average. More impressed with Whole Foods salad bar. 

Service was inattentive and amateurish . Prices were high. Some servers had visible disgusting tattoos. 

The air conditioning sucked, it was too hot. 

These Brazilian / Argentinian / Rodizio / Churrascaria places are going to nose dive as the price of food keeps going up. They are lowering quality big time. These used to be high end all you can eat, now I need to get fresh plates all the time as the meat is sometimes inedible. 

As usual, Las Vegas high end dining and wine is generally horrible and is nothing compared to the food you can get in New York City or San Francisco Bay Area.

3 people, $450 bucks at a Churrascaria. Not worth it at all.
Here is a tip: If you want more of something they don't bring around often (namely, my favorites, the beef rib and the filet mignon) tell your server that you want it and they'll bring it out based on your request.

I went again last night and have decided that my favs are the beef rib then the filet.  Now that I know these are the 2 best things I sparingly get slices of other meats.
3.5 stars.  Quite a lot of hoopla for this place.  While I can't really complain because my meal was paid for as a business treat, I do have an opinion.  If I were paying, $55 per head, I wouldn't come here.  The amount that is charged is really over the top given the amount of meat you come away with.  The place has a glorious salad bar that serves as a significant filler and distraction from the meat, so at $55 per head the profits are beyond staggering I'm sure.

The salad bar did have scrumptious temptations; parm and prosciutto, fresh salads, and lovely vegetables.  Sadly, the meat didn't really impress me.  I tried their Brazilian beef (I forget the name), the filet, and garlic sirloin.  The flank steak I requested was dropped on my plate raw.  I am not a picky meat eater, and I don't mind eating rare meats, but this was flesh raw.  He split before I could say anything.  Never did get the guy who had the filet wrapped in bacon. :(  The garlic sirloin was actually the best out of all I tried.      

Overall, a very nice treat, I give them that, but the whole experience and the other clientele seems just too bought in to the hype.
I have been here quite a few times and enjoyed every trip. The staff is friendly, and I have run into one not so friendly server, but Im not going to shout over one time. People do have bad days : ) The salad bar is great, and the meat I give 4 stars. I enjoy the bacon wrapped chicken and filet mignon the most. I personally dont care for the rest but that I know is personal taste. Im sure their is better steaks out their but for an all you can eat its terrific. There is usually little wait on anything, and the dessert is also a must try no matter the choice. Yes, its high in price, but lets face it, your eating large sums of MEAT! If price is an issue, go to applebees and call it a day, no harm no foul. If you want to eat large sums of good meat, enjoy a great salad bar that should never be compared to sweet tomato, and enjoy a different dining experience, come here.
Favorite restaurant in town.  The price restricts it to special occasions but no place I'd rather be on birthdays, etc. 

Service is simply the best you'll find, from the front desk to waiters to the excellent meat carvers who come to the table.  Lots of energy and passion.  Top notch brazilian steakhouse
Delicious food and impeccable service. Salad bar is very high end and delicious. Meat quality is magnificent. The lobster bisque soup is fantastic. The desserts and wine list are awesome!!!
My wife and I went early - about 5:20 - and found that the restaurant was already 1/2 full.  It was our second visit so we kind of knew how things worked.  Even so, we weren't prepared for the constant offering of meat.  This time, we knew what to pass on so we enjoyed every bit of the filet, sirloin, garlic steak, chicken breast, and Brazilian sausage we were given.  And the cheese bread - OMG, I could just eat that.  Thank goodness we can only eat here when we travel.  Can't imagine how much fatter (and how broke) I would be if there was a Texas de Brazil across the street.
Was in Vegas for a few days, and this was my favorite meal of the trip. All the meats were prepared very well and were tasty. I took one star off because of the price, and because although it is a good concept, a lot of the servers passed by us after serving the other half of our table, even though our cards were green, so it took a few rounds before our meat of choice came back around.
I came here for my birthday and used a a buy one get one free buffet coupon that I received for my birthday as part of the email club promotions.  Normally I wouldn't pay this much for food, but that promotion really helps to make the price much more manageable. 

I really enjoyed the selections at the salad bar, especially the red bell peppers, hearts of palm, and orzo pasta. 

The meat selections were delicious, but some were overly salty. I highly recommend the bacon wrapped filet as well as the sausage. 

The servers were very attentive and the ambiance was great too.
I had a friend who reads my blog come into town and take me to dinner. 
It was really kind of fun to go here because I had heard all the hype about Texas De Brazil . 
We met and were sat in the back, The first thing I noticed was what a noisy restaurant it is. 
So not really a good place for intimate dining. 
The food was tasty, But we were served like the three same meats twice. I have to say that I really prefer Yolies or Via Brasil in comparison.
The service was good and they did have a good salad bar. 
Buit frankly it is a chain... and though it was good , I really don't think it lived up to the hype.. but hey that's me.
First time at a Brazillian Steak House and definately not the last!
We were a group of six with reservations. Met at the bar and had a drink. The hostess took us to our table after our drink without hesitation.
Started with the Salad Bar which had a wide variety of goodies. I ket it to a basic few so i did't fill up. The Lobster bisque is a must, very righ and creamy.
The Meat!!!
-I loved the garlic flavored filet mignon and the Pincanha( a cut of sirloin) The Pincanha has a beautiful fat ring that holds the moisture and flavors in the meat which melts in your mouth. The lamb skewers were also a hit. The other meats were good but the three i mentioned were the all stars of the night.
-i ended the night with a piece of key lime pie..one of my favorite deserts and this one did not dissapoint.
-Excellent service through out the night and an appearance from Flavor Flav...Yeah Boyyy!!!!
What's not to like about Texas de Brazil? I'll get to that later. First, if you haven't been to a Texas de Brazil, you should go. Make sure you are hungry and you pack your credit card. This isn't your average buffet. And when you get there, don't fill up on food from the excellent buffet sections. This place calls for discipline! Pace yourself because you will want to try all kinds of cuts of meat - all served churrascaria style.

This restaurant is clean and the service outstanding. I have experienced the same at other Texas de Brazil restaurants in other states.

So what's not to like? I don't know really. I can't put my finger on it (so to say). It's just that I always think that the money a meal costs at Texas de Brazil could have been spent at Ruth's Chris instead. Crazy? I dunno.
I have only been once and I am waiting to go again... craving it! The food is awesome and worth the money. Make sure to try the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon.... WHOA ... so good!
Churrascarias ROCK! This place is off the hook. The meat is fantastically good here. There was not a single meat that I didn't like. Poultry, Pork, Beef, lamb, and sausages are top notch. They are perfectly seasoned and not too salty like they can be at other places. This place really wants you to fill up on meat. From the moment I sat down and flipped the coaster to green, the meat train didn't stop. I couldn't even keep you and believe me I tried my best, they were seeing me struggle and brought over an extra plate for me to use a holding area, haha! This is a new must-have when I visit Vegas now.

If you are looking for a good Churrascaria experience, go here, you wont be sorry....well you might be sorry you ate so much meat....but thats a good thing. Salud! :)
Frank Muir was here and sitting at the table next to us the night we dined at this establishment.  I recommend those who are looking for a good Churrascaria to skip Pampas at Planet Hollywood (which I have tried and disliked), and come here.  Their salad and side dish bar is extensive. You'll find anything from bacon to fresh mozzarella. The meats are great as well. Staff is attentive and will go out of their way to fill your requests.  Our waiter checked on us many times throughout the night and asked if we had any special meat request and delivered.  Pork Ribs, Picanha, PIcanha wrapped in Bacon, Filet Mignon, Flank Steak, and Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon were all highlights of the night.
Make sure you sign up for the e-club/newsletter; you get a free meal on you birthday..what a steal.
Had an amazing dinner here.  The lobster bisque soup is outrageously good and the meat courses will blow you away.  The price point is fixed and on the high side but well worth it,
All of it is great but I suggest you stick to the beef selection when choosing what meats to eat and get more of.  The beef rib and the garlic steak were top notch.  The salad/cheese bar was great make sure you try the goat cheese spread.  Definitely worth a trip and the service was top notch as well.
Simply amazing!  If you have the opportunity to check this place out while visiting Las Vegas, do it. 

We went for lunch on our most recent trip last week.  Our friends that lived down there had us completely hyped up about it, so we were totally excited to check it out and it didn't disappoint. 

Picture a salad bar, with cheese, veggies (cooked and raw), soup and tons of other miscellaneous items, paired with servers who wander around with giant cuts of meat ready and eager to hack off a chunk onto your plate. 

The food itself was awesome.  The cuts of meat were tender, juicy and just plain delicious. 

My only disappointment was on my own end by not thinking to pair the foods with the salad bar items (they had sautd mushrooms, bell peppers and so many other choices that I can't remember them all) 

This place has been added to my MUST DO list anytime I visit Vegas in the future.
The concept, much like a more casual version of Rum Jungle used to be, works for the person with a big appetite. The service is good, not great, but I will say I rarely ever had to ask for a refill and whenever we sat back down from either getting more salad/soup, or went to the restroom, our napkin was neatly folded. Its always the little touches that make the visit above the usual.

Now onto the food. Salad bar (even though those that know me know I am not a salad fan) had a good selection. They even had some sushi and other random things that seemed out of place but were still tasty. The lobster bisque was good, albeit a little bit on the thin side with no actual lobster meat present.

The highlight was of course what everyone come to this place for, the MEATS! Great selection of meats which were highlighted by the Garlic Crusted Filet and the Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Both were scrumptious. 

Dessert tray had some flavorful items and we went with the chocolate mousse cake. Good and moist. 

Price is not cheap but not of a fine dining level, but may I recommend going on their company website and signing up for their email blasts. I got a free entree for my birthday.
I've been to a few Brazilian BBQ's and this is by far the best. I went to Texas de Brazil for 4th of July with some Brazilians we were hosting for a business trip. Taking Brazilians to a Brazilian BBQ can be quite risky especially since their standards were high, but to their surprise it was amazing. They were even thrilled that Texas de Brazil had a particular soda that apparently they only have back in Brazil. 

The service is great, the bar is fabulous, and the food is amazing! Come here hungry. I would fast for a whole day before going to Texas de Brazil.
I only have one thing to say about this place: INCREDIBLE. I don't eat a lot of meat, so I wasn't sure if this would be an experience worth my money, but let me tell you, it was worth every cent. Their meat practically melts in your mouth; it is so tender and juicy. Their salad bar is just as amazing. I was impressed that they had tabbouleh salad as I do not see that at salad bars often. The service was perfect. The waiter never let our drinks get empty, and he checked on us often but not so often that it became annoying.

If you try this place and fall in love like I did, I highly recommend signing up for their e-mail list. They send you a buy one get one free coupon on your birthday and anniversary, and notify you of their current promotions. I will undoubtedly be using every one of those coupons they send me.
Went here to redeem my free birthday dinner that I received through email. The restaurant is situated inside of Town square which makes it convenient if you choose to go shopping before or after. Their salad bar didn't really have a huge variety, well none that really appealed to me. Their meats were too salty and sometimes it would take forever for someone to stop by our table and bring us something. Their selection of meats wasn't very wide. The only really good thing about this restaurant is their dessert. Their cheesecake is so delicious you must try it. If not for that birthday coupon I wouldn't waste my money coming here. I've tasted other Brazillian steakhouses that are way better.
If I could put negative 1 million stars I would place sucks, DO NOT COME HERE AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED, do your self a favor and not be lazy and find a better brazzilian BBQ place on the strip unless your willing to wait for 2 hours.
I went here for my surprise birthday dinner in January that my boyfriend arranged and I was so excited because I've been waiting to try this place out. Especially since cousins and friends came to surprise me! We went around 8-9pm and they were still really busy, then again it was the weekend. We had to wait for the majority of the party to arrive before we got sat and once we got sat it was great we had a huge table and I sat right smack in the middle! I love the variety of dishes in the salad bar. I went back twice. And the meat selection wow!!! They were so juicy. And I'm one for having my meat well done but some of em were perfect at medium well. I just love how you can stop and go with the eating and the waiters kept coming round with all kinds of meats. I couldn't stop eating the cheese bread and kept asking for more! The lobster bisque was lovely! Not overpowered by the lobster sea taste. And the tabuleh salad was yummy. All the different cheeses were on the salad bar great to pair with bread. Everyone in our party was so stuffed we didn't have enough room for dessert. I tried to eat as much as I could but it was hard trying not to overfill my birthday suit! But they did have a great selection of desserts each enough to share with others. I will definitely come back and bring mom and pops !! The service was so great ! The server kept coming back to make sure we were ok and drinks were filled. And my friend was working that night and just so happened we were in his section so even better service!! All in all a great experience. Well worth the wait and money!
How to get a lot of meat inside of you
The Survival Guide of eating at Texas de Brazil
By: Robert S.

It's no secret that Brazilian BBQ is expensive, so I decided to put together a survival guide to help you prepare a game plan. 

Step 1: This place is all you can eat. If you ate a big lunch, take the browns to the Superbowl before you come. Preferably, skip lunch and breakfast before coming here. 

Step 2: Order water. Ain't no shame in that. Sure Sangria sounds delicious in this hot, dry desert weather, but it's extra and expensive. 

Step 3: Whoa fatty... go easy on the buffet. It's a good idea to start light and give your stomach a "warm-up". Try to avoid the heavy pastas. Eat some veggies, but make sure you portion control.

Step 4: Try not to fill up on the cheesy bread. They're delicious, but filling.

Step 5: Identify the filler meats. I did. Avoid the Pork Tenderloin and Beef Ribs. The Pork is a bit bland and the beef ribs are a bit mushy. Stick with the Filet Mignon, Sirloin Steak, Chicken, and Lamp Chops.

Step 5a: They have a bacon wrapped Filet Mignon, but I would avoid it. It's greasy and a little salty. I found myself drinking a lot of water. It's still good though, but I prefer the plain filet Mignon.

Step 6: Skip dessert. That's extra. Have more fried banana. It's sweet and comes with the meal.

Step 7: Don't bring your escort here. Not only does she charge by the hour, but the 60+ dollar dinner is a reimbursable expense. 

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
GO hungry, the food is amazing and there is TONS of it. Make sure to get some smoked salmon and shrimp from the "salad bar".
5 stars all the way from the service, to the ambiance, but most importantly, to THE FOOD!

This place is the answer to a carnivore's prayers! 

The meats were all so good. I loved the lamb the most! It was so juicy, flavorful, and fatty! =) Remember to not get distracted with the yummy cheese balls... grab for the most expensive meats! With that said, chicken is always skipped amongst our table (;

I have never been the type to rave about the salad bar, but this place's salad bar is AMAZING! My favorite were the smoked jalapenos, smoked favored cocktail shrimps, and the zucchini.

Overall, I would take all my friends here if I could. Might someday fly in to Las Vegas when I crave some Brazillian style BBQ!
Came here for [a BIG] lunch on a Sunday, April 17, 2011.

The place looks very nice, and I loved the large floral centerpiece.  From the decor to the dishware, everything was classy.  Of course, the bill reflects this class.  But if you came to eat, then it's quite worth it.

Be warned: the meat can be on the heavily salted side.

Tip: the cheese balls are effin amazing.  But, being that they're "carb" balls, you can easily get full of em too.  Just wear jeans here, and stick a ball in each pocket to eat later ;)

Brownie points for bringing out a cute, mini aluminum Coca-Cola bottle...

I like this place, and if I was feeling particularly carnivorous, I know exactly where to beeline.
My Cousin Sarah- Marie lives in Vegas and she took me here for my 29th Birthday gift.  
When she told that we were going to fast for the entire day and the night before, I did not understand why.  When we arrived at the  establishment , I was very impressed  with the decor, service, fresh food  and choices of meat.  I understood why my cousin advised me not to eat waay before we  got there . The food is so overwhelming !! I cant think of a word to describe how  much i enjoyed the food, and the scenery but all  I can say , is that if you are starving in the area ,please go to  TEXAS DE BRAZIL.

Its a little pricey ,but considering  the "all you can eat" nature of FINE CUT MEATS, organic fresh vegetables, cheese breads, mint rice ....   it was worth every penny!. THE lobster bisque soup was DEVINE.

Much love to my cousin for taking me there!!
Oh, Texas de Brazil.... you just keep luring me back to you! 

The prices may keep you from wanting to try... but sign up on-line and you can get free dinner on birthdays, anniversaries... and/or a percentage discount. With limitless salad, veggies, potatoes, soup, steak, lamb, pork, chicken, and... bananas.. this place is just worth it. 

I love the ambiance of the restaurant. The fact that it is upscale, classy, chic, sophisticated.....etccc, you can still stroll in here in a t-shirt and jeans! 

There are plenty reviews to choose from, but my personal favorites: 

-Mojitos: Done here just as I expect them too, fresh muddled mint and lime, a dash of simple syrup, perfect amount of white rum, and a splash of soda. Careful though, Happy Hour is only existent in the bar area... if you order from your table you pay full price. 

-Brazilian cheese bread: tastes just like a cheez-it! Only eat one! 

-Potatoes: 1) garlic mash that is served to you.... so yummy and garlicky! creamy, yet still chunks of potato.... 2) Potatoes Au Gratin so creamy and delicious... I have to limit myself so I can indulge on all the other goodies. 

-Lobster Bisque: everyone's right... not a single piece of lobster.... not a single piece of anything.... but &*^% this is good!! 

-Cinnamon sugar bananas: yummm...this past visit we learned it was for cleaning your palate. Ha. We use it in place of dessert. 

MEATS: 
-Garlic sirloin: appeases my obsession with garlic with a delcious crust
-Top sirloin: melts. in. your. mouth 
-Parmesan crusted chicken: on the bone, and succulent and delicious! 
-Fillet Mignon: it's fillet Mignon, of course I'm going to like it... I feel like this piece is the one where you actually get the flavor of the meat where the salt content is a lot more subtle than the other pieces 
-Bacon wrapped fillet Mignon: Bacon. Fillet Mignon. 
-Bacon wrapped chicken breast: A delicious confusion for your mouth 

I don't really care for the lamb or pork here, so I politely refuse. But that's up to you to decide on 

Hopefully you leave here impressed, wanting to return, and most of all... full.
as it always goes here....yummy meat sample all cooked to perfection. and nice salad bar(fresh cooked thick cut bacon is so amazing). I usually am not a big fan of the flank steak but it was out of this world on this visit.
I went here for my anniversary with my husband.  Let me tell you how amazing the food it!  Endless amounts of mouth-watering meats.  Delicious fried bananas, and creamy mash potatoes!  The salad bar is very nice as well.

The service here is amazing!!! Our waiter did an excellent job to serve us!  Wish I remember his name...I don't remember the last time I had such great service at a restraunt.
I have been to Texas de Brazil probably 6 times since living in Vegas, and do not get tired of it.

The ambience, the salad bar with its gourmet cheeses and meats, the Lobster Bisque all are worth going for, but the meats are what keep me coming back.  

Do not be sidetracked by the chicken, pork, or lamb they bring around.  Hold out for the good stuff!!  The house sirloin, the filet mignon and the flank steak are the three best choices.  Eat them repeatedly.  Savor each bite.  Best cuts of meat I've had.

Key Lime Pie and the Brazillian soda did not disappoint.

Does anyone have a wheelchair so I can be rolled back to my car?? :)
ive been to this restaurant twice at this location and in miami and both times were excellent if you love meat this is the place to be because its all u can it u sit down and different different waiters come and serve different meats that are really tender an juicy an how u like it cooked rib eye and rack of lamb were my favorite they also have a salad bar full of salad and as well as sea food and finger foods. Its a pricey place but well worth it with great service as well, so try it out make sure u come starving cuz u will have to put away alot of food!
5 stars, are you kidding me??

Fuck that shit.

I give this place 8.9 stars!

Everyone mentions how good the meat is here. Duh!!! I'm not gonna lie, the garlic sirloin is orgasmic!

But fuck that shit. 

Texas de Brazil has thee best Goat cheese hands down! It had this 
intense tart flavor to it, without it being too salty. Perfect temperature and texture. The color of the cheese was also a very passionate white, vibrant and vivid; no question the goat cheese was extremely fresh. Needless to say, I was thoroughly impressed :)

I'm coming back for that Goat cheese!
OMFG...Bombfrigenlicous!!!


***This place is 50 bux a person, but sign up for there email, and they will send you a 2 for 1 special on your b'day. RIght away that is AWESOME! because it just happened to be my b'day. 

Let me try and break it down...
 
1. Walking in through the door you can rite a way tell this place has ambience. 

2. Our waiter (or whatever he was) was excellent, fast and friendly.

3. The salad bar was the best anywhere I have ever been to. The potatoes are amazing. 

4. Once we sat dawn and where ready to try out meats, we fliped the little paper coin thing over and there where three meat handler people in less than 5 seconds at our table offering us slices of delicous smelling meats. 

5. Overall, this place may become myt favorite spot. 


TIps!

Paste  yourself.

Learn the name of the meats. I was soo excited to try them all that I completely lost trac of whic ones which... so when I wanted another slice of my favorite, I had no clue what was the name =(.
I really liked the food and atmosphere here. On paper its an all you can eat buffet, but they crossed the line into something more sophisticated. They have a pretty decent wine menu, and the meats are cooked to perfection. What I really loved was that our server was one of the best I've had in a long time. The only thing that makes me give this place 4 stars out of 5 is the lack of staff in the front of the restaurant. I didn't feel ignored, bu I didn't exactly feel welcomed either. The bartender was a little cold too... The lobster bisque was a little weak, no lobster chunks :(
Very nice place close to our Time Share. Staff was very nice and extra attentive. All the sides/salads were very good. Was not a fan of the Lobster Bisque personally. The meats had quite a selection, but the flank steak seemed to make the most appearances. Next time we will ask for the better cuts to come by more often if we don't see them, now that we have a lay of the land. See ya definitely the next time we are in Las Vegas at our Time share.
TRULY AMAZING! Worth every penny! 

Ambiance, service, meat, salad bar = 5 stars!

Definitely come on an empty stomach! Pace yourself! And make sure you walk off your food in the shopping center close by!

Yes, it's a buffet, but dessert is not free!
Just got back from a birthday dinner at Texas de Brazil.  As always it was fabulous.  I go about 8-10 times per year.  It is definitely on my top 3 restaurants in Las Vegas.  We were with some girls that were vegetarians and they let them eat the salad bar for $25. Reg price is $45 for salad and meat.  I have always been a meathead and alot of places disappoint me because the portions are usually too small.  At TdB this is never an issue cause you can eat all the meat you want till you drop with a wide varitety.   I recommend sticking with their best dish which is the house special "top sirloin".  By far the best meat dish.  I like to go on an empty stomach after the gym where you work up a huge apetite. The salad bar is excellent as well and I am not a big salad bar guy.  If I had to take points off of this place it would be for the hostesses up front.  Even with reservations if the place is really busy, you will wait up to an hour.
This place is not for vegans, but they do have side dishes in which I barely ate.  Save your appetite for the meats.  The waiters come around with pieces of meat on long swords and they cut pieces into your plate, what a concept.  Excellent meats and they taste amazing.  My favorite was the beef ribs that was cooked for 8 hours, it cut like butter and just melted when eaten.  The only thing I didn't like was the lamb, but I am not a huge fan of but I had to try it.  I didn't try the chicken, but the beef selection never ended.  You do have to pay for desert but the carrot cake, creme brulee, and cheesecake were good.  Bomb place.
Before I say anything else, I love Texas de Brazil! However, as a regular customer at the Schaumburg branch in Illinois, this place is very disappointing and almost not worth the money. I don't even know where to start. First, our host told us our wait time would be approximately 10 minutes, but ended up being more than double that time even though it wasn't such a busy hour. Their salad bar seemed incomplete, dry, and slow to be replenished with fresh food. The sushi they serve isn't the same and isn't as good as the kind I'm used to. I love the goat cheese (best I've ever had) but when I went to get the toasted bread chips (not sure if that's their actual name) there were hardly any and the remaining few were stale. They do not serve seared ahi tuna as well as portabella mushrooms, both of which I normally get from the salad bar during dinner hours. (If you haven't tried it here, you're definitely missing out on some of the better food they have to offer). The mashed potatoes were bland and the bananas seemed rushed to get to the table. They were dry and not as soft and fully cooked. The meat is somewhat more flavorful although most of them were too raw to eat. I had to throw out about half of the pieces :( The servers and our waiter did not even ask how we like our meats cooked. 

The service was poor. Meat servers were slow to come to our table and seldom came. They constantly passed us without asking if we wanted some and were not careful with cutting the meats. My cuts were either too thick or too small and I was constantly being splattered with blood from them. If it wasn't for our waiter putting in orders for the meats we specified, we would have waited even longer to be served. Never in my experiences at Texas de Brazil did I wait more than 5 minutes (after hitting the salad bar and turning my card over to green of course) to be served some meat. We had been seated almost 25 minutes and still not one meat server came to our table. In fact, while I was waiting I had to slowly fill myself up with their cheese bread which I had to keep asking for more myself since the other servers did not bother or failed to notice to provide us a fresh basket. In addition, a manager never visited our table which is something that always happens when I go there to eat no matter what time during the day. 

Aside from all of that Texas de Brazil is a great restaurant and definitely a good place to go for a date. Groups are ok, but I would only recommend it if you have purchased their VIP card sold for a limited time. All of the other reviews prove true for the restaurant in general. If it wasn't for the service, I would have rated it higher... maybe it was an off night. If anything maybe this branch should hire more people. 

Happy yelping:)
I don't think it's any secret that I love meat.  When I was researching Vegas eateries and I came across Texas de Brazil, I knew that it would be a must visit during our trip.  Located in the Vegas Town Square shops it's just a short (less than $15) taxi ride from the strip.  

If you've been to one of these then you know the deal.  You pay $50 for all you can eat delicious meat.  Me and my buddy were seated immediately and it was game on.  Before I get to the meats, I must say that the lobster bisque is one of the better ones that I have enjoyed.  As for the meat, you have to go in with a game plan.  There are a lot of lower grade meats that they try to fill you up on (pork, bacon wrapped chicken, sausage etc.)  This place was quiet enough on the evening that we were there that we were able to continually request specific meats (i.e Flank Steak, Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon) mmmmmm.

This is the 3rd different location that I've dined at and it was probably my favorite in terms of service and meat selection.  They also have a few authentic Brazilian beers available.  We both went with a Xingu black beer which complimented the meat nicely.
I love Brazilian churrascaria.  It's got to be one of my favorite eating experiences, EVER.  So why not go like all the time?  Hmm.  Honestly, it's not the price tag which is usually $40-60 per person.  It's all the tasty meat.  All that meat all the time and I'd die of meat poisoning.  Albeit a great churrascaria will also have a fantastic salad bar.  

I've driven by this Texas de Brazil so many times I can't count.  And I don't even live in Vegas.  So finally I made a date to come eat here when I met all my friends here.  It was 5 of us that came to eat and we were not disappointed.  I made a reservation prior and we came on a Saturday night.  Seated without issue, our server asked us if we've ever eaten at a Brazilian Churrascaria.  I told him that I had, so I could break it down to the rest of my table.  He also gave us menus and told us if we saw something on the menu and if that meat didn't come around, then we could tell him which meat we wanted and he'd get the kitchen to bring to us.  Absolutely spot on because we did this a couple times with him and sure enough, he got the kitchen to bring out our selected meats.  

I also asked him for a recommendation on a wine.  Chrurrascarias are the usual spots I get a chance to drink South American wine which is pretty tasty.  I asked for a South American wine and he recommended a really, fantastic one.  Only cost us about $20 also.  

What else is there to write about?  So much meat.  I mean so much.  So much that I honestly don't remember half of what I ate.  Though to be perfectly honest, I didn't feel that every piece of meat we got served was perfect or amazing.  There were some selections that were just "ok" and we definitely didn't get a 2nd serving of them.  But you get served so much meat it gets hard to track what you've eaten and what you haven't.

The salad bar's strong also.  Great selection of enough foods that I wish other vegetarian restaurants had the same bar.  Sigh.  Ironic when a charrascaria does a better salad bar than most vegetarian places I've eaten at.

And finally dessert.  But dessert is not part of the dinner price.  It's extra but worth it.  Again, we got 5 different desserts and I can't even remember what they all were but they were outstanding.  A great way to finish after all that meat.

Now this wasn't the best churrascaria I've ever eaten at, but close.  Ice wine on the menu would have been the tops!  What really made our eating experience the tops was our waiter.  He was outstanding.  Some of the best service I've honestly ever gotten.  We actually asked him for a recommendation to the best strip club in Vegas and he suggested some.  Then 5-10 minutes later he came back and told us that he gave bad recommendations and named some other ones!  What!  So he actually went back to his staff and asked them so he could give us a better recommendation.  That's beyond service.  We gave him a 20% tip and I threw in another $20 on top of that.  Seriously, if you're reading this right now, you are a total pimp.

So if you're a carnivore, come and gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!  And if you're new to Vegas and looking for a recommendation for a strip club, come gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!
I don't often give 5 stars especially when I spend $60 a head on a meal but this visit was fantastic! The food, the service and even the atmosphere was perfect. Couldn't ask for anything better and I have eaten at a lot of Brazilian Steak Houses over the years. I strongly recommend trying it out. It doesn't get any better.
What can I say, I love meat! There is just something about the flame broiled carcass of a dead animal that just screams dinner to me. So on a recent trip to Vegas when my sister wanted to go to Texas de Brazil I was a very easy sell.

Brazilian churrascarias are awesome and unique and fun way to eat. I will say Texas de Brazil is the nicest and most expensive one I have ever been to, but unfortunately it definitely isn't the best I have been to. It's a very nice building and it is decorated very well. It's definitely a fun space. Unfortunately it is also in the flight path for the Las Vegas airport. I personally live relatively close to an airport so you would think I would be very numb to the sound of airplanes, but even being inside and with all the noise from the restaurant I was still very aware when the planes went over the building. That definitely distracted from the atmosphere and experience.

In addition to the meats, there is a very nice salad bar. This is the one area where Texas de Brazil definitely excels. Of all the churrascarias that I have been to, TdB has hands down the best salad bar. Unfortunately you don't go to a churrascaria for salad, you are there for meat.

The other area where TdB excels is the variety of meats. They easily have the biggest selection of meats of any place I have been before. Unfortunately the quantity didn't translate into quality. Don't get me wrong, the meats were not bad by any stretch and the Brazilian sausage was outstanding. Overall though, the meats were all pretty dry. The filet and pork especially were very dry. The picanha which they announce as being their signature meat was quite bland.

The service was okay, but nothing special. My sister and brother-in-law did mention that the service was better on their previous trip, but I can only review the time I was there. I ordered a soda which came in an 8 ounce aluminum bottle. That's right, only 8 ounces and no free refills! I went ahead and ordered a second soda, but the waiter never brought it. 

If you've never been to a churrascaria before, Gauchos bring the meat to your table still on the spit. At TdB you get coasters with a green side and a red side. When you want more meat you put the green side up. When you are done (or just want to take a break) you put the red side up and the Gauchos are supposed to bypass your table. On this trip, the Gauchos completely ignored the color of the coasters and kept stopping at the table to offer us more meat even when the red side of the coasters were clearly showing. That can be very annoying if you are trying to have a conversation with someone.

I should also mention that my stomach was a little upset later than night. My sister mentioned to me the next day that she also had an upset stomach later than night.

They charge $50 per person which is definitely more expensive than the other churrascaria that I have been to. Based on the food I would have probably given them 3 stars, but they lost a star for being overpriced and for the fact that the service wasn't particularly good on this visit.

One note, if you decide to go, make sure you join their email club and you will get an email coupon for 25% off to help offset their high cost.

But if you look around you will find better places that cost less.
This has to be the best steak house in Las Vegas. The price is reasonable and I have no complaints about the food or the service. They have so many different choices of meat and the salad bar is exceptional. Not to mention the best lobster bisque I've ever tried. 
This place is great, they circle your table with different cuts of meat and you can also ask them to cook it to your preference. Or you have the salad bar with such items as fresh cheeses or sauteed mushrooms or even scalloped potatoes. 
If you have another steak house in mind find out what the average price is first and keep in mind that at this place you can have multiple meats for just one price. If your in Las Vegas you have to try it.
Pricey but good
Our first night in Vegas for a conference, and I ask two colleagues where we should dine for dinner. Being men of hearty appetites, and a modicum of high standards (and a car), they decided on Texas de Brazil.

The premise of unlimited meat evoked memories of old SNL sketches with the Chicago Bears fans ("da Bears") -- visions of attempting cardiac resuscitation by hitting my chest after consuming 15 pounds of beef danced in my mind. 

Despite my visions, and the drive to a strip mall, Texas de Brazil offers a lovely interior. And wonderful service. Our waitress was meticulous in describing the dining experience. I wondered if she or her management had read other Yelp reviews, as she was very thorough describing the salt content of the meats, and telling us to let them know if the salt was an issue so they could accommodate us.

First off, the salad bar -- as many have said, a very respectful assortment of veggies, cheeses, starches and soups. I had the lobster bisque on my "must try" list after reading other reviews -- IMO, it had nice flavor but I've had better (and yes no actual pieces of lobster or anything). 

Now the meats -- that's why you come here, right? Served by gauchos, and (because of in spite of their outfits) mighty sexy ones too. The best meats for me (we're talking eatable meat, get your mind out of the gutter) was the picanha and the filet mignon. The only meat I didn't enjoy was the lamb. And yes, some of the cuts were salty -- aside from asking your server about it, I would recommend taking the inner cuts vs. the outer cuts. Less surface area = less salt.

On that note -- and this might be the only original review observation I can provide for T.D.B. -- you get tongs before the meat portion of the meal. They are for picking off the slices of meat your server is slicing. When you ask for meat from a speared roast, be prompt and have the tongs ready to pull your slice(s) off and onto your plate. 

Dress attire is ... well, given the digs, it should be at least business casual, but there were plenty of tank tops, t-shirts and shorts. So let's just say it's unlikely that being underdressed will be a worry once you arrive.
The food was awesome! Great service! The beef ribs just melt in your mouth!
Executive Summary - Is this real churrasco?  Is Disney real life?  The truth is a resounding NOOOOOOOO.  This is side show, a theatrical performance, but is is not authentic

I am in Las Vegas on a long term project with an expense account.  I was in need for some comfort food . . . that's right P-I-C-A-N-H-A . . . say it again PICANHA.  Several choices here in Las Vegas and Fogo arriving next month.  I will check out the others and then Fogo when it arrives.  I know picanha . . . Porco no Brasil and others . . . I make picanha at home.  I know picanha, son, and well this is not good picanha.  That is right I said the impossible . . . this is not good picanha.  You might be saying . . . impossible but it is true.  Of the piles of picanha I got, mostly because the rest of the meat was worse, only 4 pieces were cooked to my liking.  Well done is not my style and hey the lamb chop was almost inedible as it was cooked past well done . . . Yep I said it past well done lamb chop.

I speak portuguese, know Brasil and come to churrascaria to relax, speak that amazing language that stirs my soul, get a good caipirinha, eat delicious meat and if I am lucky sip some cachaa velha (Aged Cachaa).  I was disappointed on all counts.  I only spoke to two Brasileiros, the caipirinha was made by an american bartender that added so much sugar that I might as well just stuck my head in a bag of sugar and the cachaa selection sucked, Leblon and 55.  Really Leblon rarely seen in Brasil and 55 is pinga . . . nasty, nasty stuff for alcoholics.  Where is a nice Vale Verde or a Armazem Veiera or Anizio Santiago Habana . . . well no where in sight.  Oh and it is Linguia,  not Sausage . . . When I asked if some could be brought around the waiter did not even know what it was.  

The salad bar even sucked.  

I will not return . . . ever.  I would rather close my eyes, lift a burger to my lips, and pretend it was picanha . . . it would be closer than the overcooked rendition I had at Texas de Brazil.  

Oh and the po de quiejo was served cold and nasty.  Really how can you state you are authentic Brasilian churrasco and screw that up?  I don't know.
Brazil meets Texas at this scrumptious Churrascaria. As soon as you get seated you will notice that your table is equiped with all the supplies you need to indulge in a carnivorous feast. A server swoops in and places an offering of cheesy Brazilian biscuits before your eyes followed by a plate of plantains to cleanse your palate between dishes. 

Notice the circular red table marker...when you are ready for a whirlwind of meaty delights, flip it over because green means go! Right away you will see a flurry of gauchos bringing multiple meat selections to your table for your eating enjoyment. Try the bacon wrapped filet mignon, the parmesean crusted chicken, flank steak, lamb chops, beef ribs, sausages - phew, time to unbutton your britches folks!!

But wait, there is still the salad bar at your beckon call. Enjoy the fresh selection of cheeses, sushi rolls, vegetables, rice, potatoes, soups...not to mention one of the best lobster bisques I have ever slurped from a spoon!!

This can be all yours for one all-you-can-eat price. At around $100 for 2 people it may seem a little costly to most but...shhh...here is your secret squirel tip of the day: sign up for their e-club and you get free dinner on your birthday and anniversary. SCORE!

Last but not least you must -at least once- try a glass of TdB's decadent sangria. The fruit & wine merry perfectly together to form heaven in a glass...or pitcher, but hey that's just me ;)
I've been to a few Brazilian BBQs/churrascaria in LA and SF and this was the first one that I've been to in Las Vegas. I've heard good things about this place as an all you can eat Brazilian steakhouse and I'm always ready to eat. We went after a very long bike ride and were starving. They have a great selection at their salad bar with numerous fresh vegetables, salads and salsas to go with the meat. They also have some seafood selections, and I liked the spicy shrimp ceviche they had. 

Now for the meat - they have about 15-20 different types of meat that they bring to your table on long skewers for you to taste. They range from numerous steak options, beef ribs, lamb chops, chicken, pork and more, all in different types of spices, garlic, and even bacon wrapped. We tried every single type of meat and then asked for seconds, thirds and more of our favorite ones. It's definitely a carnivore's dream as you can eat and eat and eat as much meat as you possibly can stuff your face with. 

The only drawback to this place is that I feel that the meats are a bit over seasoned and on the saltier side. I've been to other places that don't use as much salt/seasoning. The price is decent but I think a bit high for dinner compared to other places that I have been to. Overall a good place to get all you can eat Brazilian steak in Las Vegas.
This place is a lot like Las Vegas; flashy and nice to look at, but you suddenly find your money gone and you feel like the house pulled one over on you.

I like the idea of the churrascaria; all you can eat meat?! Sure, yes please.  A whole meal of meat? Well...
If you have a large party, it's nice to be able to eat so quickly at a nice place. Our service was excellent, knowledgeable, and way on top of things. And the setting is just lovely, a nice space to be in. Five Stars.

The meat just kept coming, from pork loin to bacon-wrapped chicken and filet mignon to lamb chops. I found myself overcome by the sheer volume of it, but the meats themselves were just okay, not great.  For those prices, it should be both novel (served on a spit) and great-tasting. We found the mass-cooked meats to be dry at times, undercooked in others. A bummer, when you get a piece of filet that is cooked like a porkchop. Not even bacon-wrapping could save that. Four stars.

Finally, the salad bar. Myself, I like a big, fresh salad to go along with something rich and heavy like...copious amounts of meat, in this case.  I found the ingredients at the salad bar to be good, each on their own merits, but they were Very poorly orchestrated. It was a lot of fancy items that didn't really go together, I couldn't make a fancy salad, per se, the side dishes, the potatoes and soup, et al (the hot stuff), were great on their own, but weren't really part of the salad bar except by proximity. I found myself making up this odd, piecemeal salad plate with some romaine lettuce with bacon and croutons and dressing,I guess? And also a ball of mozzarella? and goat cheese? and marinated zucchini that didn't really go with anything, but was weird on its own? and there's some bread around the corner? and sushi. and so on.  It wasn't a salad bar so much as an "other stuff" bar. Three stars.

When I come to Vegas, I come as a tourist, perhaps the locals have found redeeming qualities I haven't. My money is better spent at one of the top casino buffets, me thinks.   A novel idea, just not well-executed given what you're paying.
What a great experience! This was our first time trying a brazilian steakhouse buffet. My cousins treated me and my bf here for dinner during our stay in vegas. They warned us that we shouldn't get too excited with the salad bar because you'll get filled up before the meat.. but man when we saw the salad bar, i mean how do you not get excited?! haha. so we did exactly what they warned us not to do. filled up our plates with salad bar items. haha. it was so yummy. still had room for several meats that were served to us, but i got full pretty quick. I don't even remember the names of the different meats i tried but they were delicious! we also had a pitcher of sangria which was delicious, too. they serve mashed potatoes and fried bananas with unilimited refills. yum yum. =)
I love red meat, so I tip my hat to the Brazilians who brought this concept of nonstop servings of grilled meats to the US of A. It's like a parade of different skewered meats merrily marching down my throat.

You get your meat here. And someone cuts it for you, and serves it on your plate. You can't just go there on a sudden whim. You need at least a day to prepare, not only for your own health but also to allow maximum meat eating potential.

NO FOWL !!! - That's the command I give to the servers when I get there. The money and pleasure rests with their red meat. No time or belly room to mess around with. The salad bar? - whilst impressive, do not get tricked! You think you know what you're getting into by going to a churrascaria? Go light on the salad bar, only with small items - like cheeses - to compliment your meaty bites. You also get the wonderfully gooey and sweet plantains, as many as you want, so tread carefully my friends.

TdB is not my first experience with Brazilian BBQ, but it's certainly one of the best. They have a higher quality of beef than many other places, and they don't save the best cuts until later in the evening when you can't eat anymore. In fact, in a lot of other churrsascarias I've been to, it gets annoying trying to flag down what you want, but the parade of meats never stopped here, even when we reluctantly switched our color to red.

Since it's hard to stomach the amount of meat you can stuff into your belly, it seems you can only go occasionally. It can also get pricy, at about $50 per head not including drinks. As such, I mainly go on special occasions, like birthdays, where they have deals such as two for one specials...just make sure you and your friends join their e-mail list so that you can receive these deals!
A
M
A
Z
I
N
G
!
!
!
A little pricey. Prepare your stomach for this feast by not eating all day!
Solid brazilian steak house. Don't forget to ask for the beef ribs! Sooo effin good!
WOW!!! i cant just cant say it enough. me and my fiance went last Friday night for dinner. now this place is packed. So i recommend making reservations. because we did and still waited about 15 min. Now come hungry and really try to pace yourself because as a first timer we really didn't know what to expect. start light at the salad bar and try all the meats. My personal favs were the fillet Mignon (like butter), top sirloin (the flavor and fat content was so good!).Service was fantastic,and desert was great.we had the brazilian cheesecake. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING. i will forever be a customer here
Let's start an argument on what defines a great restaurant.

Okay, here are my two cents on the subject. 

While just about every little detail can (and often will) pepper one's over-all evaluation of a restaurant as a whole, I believe there are primarily 3 aspects that hold the greatest sphere of influence on my decision making:
1. Food Quality
2. Service Quality
3. Price 

The first two, food quality and service quality are directly proportionate to the third - price. Our taste buds and our comfort level are trained to expect a certain level of quality when it comes to food and service, based on the price-point we expect to pay for the meal. While a Roberto's burrito may not win culinary awards in France, it's a damn fine meal for $3.50. In the same respect, when I fork over $200+ dollars for dinner with my better half, I expect a "wow" around every corner.

Which brings me to Texas de Brazil (forgive the tangent). Let's ignore that fact that first timers might find themselves hoodwinked by the practice of seating you before they drop the ball on the price-point (and that's only if you ask - ever, otherwise they won't say a word until the bill arrives). The $50 per person price tab is not completely unreasonable, unless you are not looking to stuff yourself (which is about the only way to get your money's worth). 

The meats are good, but not great. The bacon wrapped selections were as dry as my mother's sense of humor.

The salad bar has some good items, but it is not overly impressive as a whole. I did feel like stuffing my pockets with some of the Grana Padano.

And the desserts are "What! Not included in the price?"

The whole meal, my party and I felt ill at ease. They try not to show it, but the staff pushes you through the meal like a drill sergeant on your first day of boot camp - you just try to stay quiet and not fall down.

The Meat Men come by way too fast. Even a ravenous hunger can not keep up with the pace they set. Then, once they have overwhelmed you with their blitzkrieg attack, they tend to disappear just as quickly. Do I really need to raise my hand to get your attention?

Texas de Brazil is just not that great. The food and service (while decent) do not match up to the price-point. 

The whole experience felt like an assembly line - they zip you in and zip you out with such great speed that you hardly noticed they picked your wallet dry.
The short review: 
1) Bad service
2) Way too salty meats
3) Overpriced
The long one:
We had a party of 15 people and weren't allowed to be seated until our whole group was present because it would be "too much hassle" for our waiter to repeat the "dining instructions" more than once. Are you effin serious?!? With the prices they charge, the waiter should freakin sing and dance while going over their sacrosanct instructions, and do it as many times as necessary.
We were there to have a good time, but instead we were shouted at by our waiter, who was more like a drill sergeant. --no smiles, no small talk. The guy just wanted to shout his schpill at us so he could move on. 
And forget about the little red and green disks they give you. They mean nothing, as the meats kept on coming even though we had ours on red. 
The meats were extremely salty. The salad buffet was just average and you'll walk out of that place a whole lot poorer. 
Vegas has a plethora of excellent restaurants. Don't waste your time and hard-earned $$$ on this one.
Everything we ate was awesome, especially the bacon-wrapped filet mignon. The only caution to you is remember that this place is awesome, but not cheap. We paid about 70$ per person last night once you factored in drinks, tax, and tips, but it was worth it.
Food and Service was amazing except for the price.
Three words: MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT.  Wait, that's five words.  

Here's what I think:

- very solid MEAT selection and quality for money
- decent lobster bisque (OK, not the best; but come on, it's all you can eat, but save room for the MEAT)
- nicely presented salad bar (but, hey, don't eat two much because it's about the MEAT)
- good decor (but I'm really there for, you guessed it, the MEAT)
- service was excellent (they kept coming, and coming with the MEAT)
- no free soda refills  (bummer; all the MEAT gets salty after a while)
- omg had pecan pie (no MEAT PIE, but I love pecan pie)

Had filet mignon, garlic crusted flank steak, rack of lamb (weakest entry of the bunch), leg of lamb (pretty good compared to the rack), bacon wrapped chicken and much more.  Not the best I've had, but man, it just kept coming, and coming until we had to turn over the little card and throw up the white flag.  

We went with a friend who is not into new food experiences at all (drag). His idea of a good steak is Lone Star.  So he came somewhat reluctantly.  But since he's a guy, and he loves MEAT, it's all good and now wants to find a Brazilian steak house at home for New Years Eve.   

Come hungry and you will leave with MEAT coma.
If I had to compare Via De Brasil to Texas De Brazil, VDB would win hands down! Yes TDB is closer (located near McCarran airport), but I would rather drive an extra 10 minutes and here are the reasons why:

1) The Food: VDB had a greater selection and variety of meats to try. At Via, I believe there were at least 16 different types of offerings while at TDB, I felt like the same 8 meats came around over and over again. We also felt that TDB's meats were extra salty, leading us to drink more water than we wanted to. Everyone knows that H2O is the number 1 thing to avoid at AYCE since that means less tummy capacity for meat!!

2) Ambience: VDB defnitely had a more classy ambience than TDB. The lighting was more romantic and tables were not crowded in the dining room as it was at TDB.

3) Service: At VDB, we felt like we were high rollers. From the water boy to the head waiter, we were treated with white gloves. At TDB, the wait staff was friendly..BUT I felt like they were over-selling us on their drinks (pushy would be a bit more accurate) and desserts. Also, we had 1 friend who hadn't finished eating and was taking a digestion break when the waiter walked over and you could tell he wanted us out of there so that he could make his next tip from a new table. He kept on asking my friend if he was done and then sent over more meat to our table so that our friend could hurry up and finish eating. NEVER at VDB did we feel rushed or that they wanted us out of there...

So, what are some Pros for TBD:

1) Price but the difference is very minimal, like $3.
2) Somoene mentioned that TDB's salad bar was better but the only main thing I liked at TDB's salad bar more was their prosiutto. Other than that first salad trip bar, my tummy space was saved for the CARNE!

To give TDB some credit, friends who had never tried VDB thought that TBD was pretty good. But those of us who had tried both definitely preferred VDB.

Folks, take my advice and head over to VDB instead. You wont regret it!
This was my first trip to a Brazilian churrascarias restaurant, and I can't wait for my next one!

Delicious food! 14 different mouth watering offerings of meat and a wonderful salad bar and lobster bisque.

Great drinks and desserts. 

We had a wonderful server and felt well taken care of the entire time we were there.
Service is great.  The garlic sirloin is the best. Not sure it is worth the $48 a person for dinner though.  I only go when I get a 2 for 1 coupon (birthdays and anniversaries).  No free refills on drinks.  Overall, I would go there everytime if I have a 2 for 1 coupon, otherwise I'll pass.
I really, really liked this place.  I had never had Brazilian before and I knew it was going to be pricey but I wanted to try it.  So glad I did.  YUM!

I'm a picky eater and I can tell you there was more than enough to keep me happy.  I'm not sure if there's a menu as we all ordered churrascarias (is that right??)

There is a salad bar/side dish buffet thing set up with all kinds of cheeses, fruit, au gratin potatos, and a host of other things so there is no shortage of options to choose from.

I was a little hesitant to try some of the meat but I took a chance and had some really great beef - here was my problem though:  I couldn't remember what it was called or which little guy dressed all in black brought it so I spent the rest of the night eyeballing every little guy in my quest to get the one I looooooved, so pay attention when they tell you what it is!  

Tip: We had a dining special that a friend had gotten because she's on their email list. I think it was $39.99 which included drinks (soft) and dessert.  From what I gathered we saved quite a bit with her special so you might want to try to get on their mailing list.

As good as it was it was still pricey.  There were only 3 of us and by the time we got out with wine/tip/tax we paid over $150 even with the special.  I don't regret it though as the service was great and the food was supurb.
Vegetarians beware.   Meat Meat Meat Meat!!!!  Churrascaria!   My favorite place.  I've been to a few of their locations.   The meats here have always been perfect.  Grilled to perfection.  Many different portions of seasoned beef, lamb, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage.  Pricey but they have coupons, prices for children etc.  They are staying competitive.  One price for each person in the party.  For two people I'm usually out the door with drinks and desert for 120-140 with tip.  

If you haven't been before it goes like this:   
Eat lite all day.  Save yourself.  You will thank me later.   
Get a reservation.  Go a little early sometime they are on time.  If not there is a bar to the side for you to wait.  A little pricey on the drinks but a full bar and a trained staff.  Huge wine selection.  

Get to the table and they turn you loose on the salad bar.  It is not your average salad bar.  It is a Smrgsbord of heaven.  Lobster bisque soup, gourmet fare, cheese's, olives etc. and salads.  Do not over eat! Sample the bar......Meat is coming.  They bring plantains to cleanse the palate between meat courses.  Wonderful cheese bread balls and mashed potato side.  They give you a red green paper coin (red=stop or I will blow up)  or (green =feed me) to let the guys with the meats on skewers to know if they need to stop or not.  They give you a small thong to grab the meats as they carve them off the skewer.  Tip:  They them what you like and to come back in a few minutes with more.  Sometimes if your looking for a particular meat it might be a few minutes as they make their rounds.  

Clean! Fast staff.  Staff is professional and friendly.  Friendly management, manger made the rounds.  I love the service here.
I am giving two stars for the service which should be simple at a restaurant such as this. Our water was never refilled, we never got new plates when the meat was being served so we had to use our salad plates, and they never brought our side dishes either. All of the meat that was brought to our table in the beginning was well done so i just assumed that's how it was all cooked. Towards the end they started bringing meat and announcing it was medium rare but by then my plate was full of old salad and well done meat.

Unfortunatley the food was not good enough to make me want to ever go back and give it a second chance.
Five Stars, love the place!!!! You will get around 10 different kinds of grilled, well-seasoned MEAT (beef, pork, lamb, chicken)- and lots of it, served by attentive gauchos and other wait staff. MEAT is capitalized because it's so good and so central to the experience- don't lose your focus while here. Three rookie mistakes to avoid: 

First, do enjoy the wonderful salad and soup bar, but DO NOT overdo it. Yes, it's tempting in its inviting layout, there are many many good choices (spicy cauliflower, roasted zucchini, lobster bisque, manchego cheese...the list goes on!) and it's the only way to get some veggies, fish and cheese in your belly along with the choice MEATS. But resist the temptation to try everything- remember, you didn't come for the sushi or the feijoada stew- you came for the MEAT. Focus, people. You can always go back if you get tired of the MEAT being brought around and served tableside. 

Also, once the MEAT starts coming around, just take one piece of it at a time unless that's the only kind you want that night- the portions are deceptive and after a couple bacon-wrapped filets mignon, you might not want the "Top Sirloin- House Specialty!" the Brazilian (or more likely, Slavic) gaucho is waving at you and suggesting you try. One piece of each, try them all and then ask your waiter to send around the ones you really want again...that's the way to go.

Finally, you will also get wonderful garlic mashed potatoes, fried plantains and yummy cheese breadlets at your table. These, too, should be enjoyed in moderation. As with the salad bar, that's not what you came for really, right? They're called side dishes for a reason.

We have never had bad service here and though it is a little expensive per person if you pay full price (especially if you also want some wine or dessert), a good strategy is to sign up for their Texas de Brazil club online- you then get a 2-for-1 coupon good for your first visit and then more 2-for-1 coupons for your birthday and anniversary. That's the way we've gone and it makes it much more reasonably-priced for two. Also, during the holiday season, I guess they get less traffic and so our e-mail box has been filled with coupons for 3-course meals and dinner specials from Christmas to New Year's. 

The wine list is also worth mentioning- red wines from around the world predominate as they should at a MEAT palace, but their white selection is also good and quite international. Desserts? Well, they look good but honestly after all the MEAT, we've never had room for them. Finally, the ambience is always good- sometimes a little loud but always a fun crowd. Last time we were there we saw not only a wedding party but some MMA star (no idea, don't follow the 'sport') whom all the waiters and maitre'd clustered around for a while. 

One last tip: Do make reservations (online is easiest). Even though you will still probably have to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated, you will be seated much more quickly than people that arrive the same time you do with no reservation. And you don't want to salivate over the tempting MEATS any longer than necessary, do you?
We've been here quite a few times, and we've never had a complaint...we'll except maybe my stomach's not big enough!!
The drinks are good, the salad buffet is awesome ( I keep saying I'm gonna just get the salad bar but the smell of salty meat in the air changes my mind every time), love the garlic mash and fried plantains. I love having a variety of foods to choose from and eat what ever I want. I always get the lamb chops, can be dry and over cooked at times, but you can always get another one! 
We've tried a few deserts as well, the chocolate cake is way to rich and heavy to eat by yourself after such a big meal. The creme brulee was just meh. The carrot cake was good, moist with cream cheese frosting. The bananas foster pie was really good.
Staff is great. Atmosphere is a bit noisy but romantic and fun at the same time.
Gaucho boy "Brazilian Sausage?"..Yes.Please!.  When in the mood for MEAT i mean serious tender, seasoned meat. This is the best place for it... Hands down! AYCA people!

I usually go here when they offer a special that I get with my email/online newletter. Like buy one get one free for an anniversary dinner or a 3 course for only 39.99 so we end up taking a dessert home!

Favs: Picchana(sp), garlic sirloin, Lamb chops. and I am picky with Lamb! Salad bar has great selections. i don't waste my time getting the rice or beans.. that's just filler. Quality food, great service, and even the palate cleansing sweet bananas are to die for!

P.S. My mom loves this place. So filipinos with HBP.. take your meds and get ready to chow down, and drink tons of water to help with digesting all that marinated protein!
Went here with a group of 7 on New Years Eve. I will admit, I was skeptical. My friends rave about this place but I am extremely picky when it comes to meat and I'm one of those weirdos who can't have a spot of pink on my beef or it's completely inedible for me. So, an all you can eat brazilian meat house (lol) has never sounded very appealing to me. Boy was I wrong, this had to be one of my favorite meals ever. Once I told the waiters of my disgust of bloody meat, they made sure to continuously bring me well done meat to devour and devour I did! I think the garlic flank steak was my favorite but it was all so good I really can't remember which I like best. I'm a poultry fiend and the chicken was just about the only thing I passed on, everything else was just so good. The Sangria was just about the best I've had anywhere and the desserts were great. Had to take mine to go because I was too full but we gobbled it down later. This will be on my must visit list every time I go to Vegas!
I visited Texas de Brazil on a Thursday evening and the place was packed. Our reservation was for 9:30 because that was the first available and we still had to wait in the bar for about 15 minutes for our table to be ready. This was my second visit to Texas de Brazil and it was just as delicious as the first.

Our waitress was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, as was the rest of the staff.  We started at the included salad bar which is one of my favorite parts of the meal.  There is lobster bisque soup, meats, cheese, olives, shrimp and salads.  The problem is it's so delicious you could fill up right there and you have to remind yourself there is meat coming.  Lots and lots of meat!

The carvers come around to your table with sausage, steak, chicken, pork, lamb, and ribs.  The bacon wrapped steak and lamb chops are two of my favorite.  The problem is I always fills up way before I get my money's worth or get to try everything.  Also some of the things come by several times and others you have to wait for. The waitress was very helpful and went to find the meat carvers we hadn't seen yet to send them over to us.

We finished our meal with dessert and if you're a sweats lover I highly recommend saving room if you can. The coconut pie and cheese cake were both delicious.  It is probably the best cheesecake I have ever tasted!  

Texas de Brazil is definitely a must for meat lovers and foodies.  If you can get on their  mailing list you will receive coupons throughout the year to make it more affordable.
Went there for me and my fathers B-day... Fantastic. Only problem is at some point you end up hitting " The Wall" .
I had 1 of my more memorable dinners here on New Years Eve. My husband & I went with no expectations & left extremely full & very happy.
We are not from Brazil & know very little about "authentic" churrascarias but completely enjoyed our meatfest. 

My favorite was the picanha, the house specialty top sirloin. i liked it medium rare & just could not get enough! Very tender & juicy. I ate 6 servings of it! 
The other cut of meat I liked was the flank steak. 
I didn't take the bacon wrapped items as I don't like bacon over powering the flavor of the meat, plus usually, those are often over cooked.
The pork was the only meat I didn't care for at all as it was over cooked & too dry.
All were seasoned well, a tad on the saltier side but flavorful.

The salad bar was good but as many have mentioned, this is not really the place you would go to load up on salad. The offerings could very well have provided for a sufficient meal on ts own but the meat is what you're there for.

The service was very good as our server came around a good number of times to ask how things were going as well as sending over the Gauchos when we had meat requests. Drinks were always filled & side dishes (fried bananas & garlic mashed potatoes) never empty. 

Many have posted how expensive it is & although I don't disagree, how many places can you visit that provide all you can eat, well prepared meat, salad bar, & sides for the same price. I have gone to plenty of restaurants, higher end included, & I thought the place offered good value for what you get. 

Definitely recommend & be sure to join their E-club for discounts.
I got a comp. dinner there for my birthday. The salad bar is outstanding. Then  they bring a variiety of meats to your table to sample small portions. It's a great way to try several things.
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out for our anniversary since everyone recommended it to us. We went here on a Friday night; reservations for 7:30 and we were seated around 7:45. Not bad! It was pretty busy which I expected since it was a Friday. 

When we were seated our server explained the red side and green side. I noticed all the meat they had and the salad bar. I decided to go to the salad bar before eating some meat. The salad bar looked delicious! I was excited to see that they had lobster bisque as the soup of the day. 

They had a lot of meat to choose from. I wasn't too impressed with some of the meat because some of it was loaded with sodium. The chicken was a little dry and the sausage was just a-ok.
Out of all the Brazilian places in town, this is my absolute favorite. By favorite, I mean...my bf used to want to come here every week. Lol. They have the best salad bar. They don't just have salads, they have smoked salmon, sushi, and LOBSTER BISQUE! It's about $50 a person but totally worth it. They also have an an anniversary deal and birthday deal if you sign up with them--two for one.

They have a good selection of meats. The top sirloin is so juicy and perfectly seasoned. They have a lot of different types of steak, which is what I normally just eat. But they also have lamb, chicken, ribs, and pork. I've tried a few of them before but I never ever really get them. The only bad thing that I always have something to say about is that they always come to the table even when the card is red. By that I mean, you come in and they have a card on the table. One side is green, the other red. When you want the gauchos to come by, turn it to green. When you need a break, turn it over to read. They still come when it's red, lol.

The caipirinhas are so good. You can get them in a variety of flavors, I like it mango flavored with a sugar rim. I've tried passion fruit, and strawberry. But, mango is my favorite.

The garlic mashed potatoes they give are super good, along with the fried bananas. The bread is so soft and chewy! Perfect to dip in the bisque!

Last time I tried the papaya cream. It's kinda like a smoothie, they add creme de cassis. It's pretty good, my dude loved it. I probably would've opted for creme brle.

All in all, love this place. $50 a person is well worth the money. Nice ambiance for date night. You can dress up or be casual. If I were the owner, I'd opt for a dress code.
Filet mignon is amazing, along with the white Sangria. Definitely a place to go for celebrations- always leave stuffed
When i first heard of Texas de Brazil the first thing that came into mind was BBQed baby back ribs and Texas toast, but that wasn't the case.
Located near town square and although a little hard to find, this all-you-can-eat steakhouse is an experience that should be shared with your family and closest friends.
when we finally got there we were greeted by two gigantic wooden doors and the aroma of nicely spiced meat.
There were 6 of us and ware asked to wait about 15 to 20 mins to be seated. giving us more time to juggle our appetite and to wonder why we didn't dress better since its a little bit upscale. 
After we were seated they began to explain how things work:
Basically there are servers carrying around freshly cooked meat  on a long metal skewer going from table to table offering different kinds of steaks. 
Medium Rare Flank Steaks, Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon, Lamp Chops, my personal favorite Garlic Sirloin and a ton more. There are two-sided buttons for each person on the table, and these buttons are used to signal the servers when you're ready to try their steaks. Green side means "go" and Red side means "damn lemme digest that piece of meat first".
They also have a Buffet Table in the middle that have about 40 to 50 items like breads, salads, cold meats, cheese, soup, sushi, and roasted veggies.
They also have a cake tray that have about 6 slices to choose from which isn't included in the $48 all-you-can-eat steak price. We tried the chocolate mouse cake for an additional $8 and it was worth it. I've already been here twice and I give it 5 stars for both times.

Tips:

-A little long on the wait so make sure you make reservations or get there early (4pm-10pm)
-Don't bother trying the sushi. rice is old and hard. and you're here for the steaks man!
-Lobster Bisque is delicious but not consistent. Sometimes its too salty.
-Try all types of meat! if there is something that you don't like, give it a second try because there are times they just give you a bad cut.
-Just take your time. There are occasions when servers push their steaks on you even if your button is red. A couple of time the server gave me a piece even when i said no. They're probably getting rid of that steak to bring out a new one. Don't let them give you an old cut. Always go for the fresh one so your steak is always Hot and Juicy!
i absolutely love this place,they bring around different types of brazillian meats on skewers,from chicken to steak to lamb.the ambience is upscale,its perfect for special occasions birthdays,anniversaries,etc......
This place is located way south on the strip in a shopping mall enclave. One can take the Deus Bus here so if you don't want to take a cab its an option. 
First time I walked in I didn't know what to expect as I have been Brazilian AYCE steak places and usually they are usually run of the mill stuff. 
Next comes the sticker shock as it is pricey but you get decent mileage for what you pay here. 
The place started filling up fast as it opened a good sign IMO. 
There is salad buffet along with some other knick knacks like sushi etc. meh nothing special here except the Lobster Bisque so I would skip most of the items here. 
Never mind meat is the star here and boy do they bring it out one serving after the other. I liked the filet and lamb as they were quite tasty. Chicken was nothing special and a lot of other meat were just OK. Though I must point out I did find it overly salty. Maybe thats how its supposed to be at a Churrascaria but I had to drink a lot of water just to keep up. 
Wine selection seems good. I also got a dessert (Crme Brulee) which was OK as well though I didn't realize they charge extra for it. 
Now comes the big question do I prefer it over a proper steak house and there are quite a few in Vegas? well NO. It is better than other buffet options on the strip if you are a carnivore like me and this one of the better Churrascaria I have tried.
3.5 Stars when all said and done.
Mmm mmm mmmm what can I say....I love meat!

And when a craving for meat hits, Texas de Brazil fulfills the craving. We came to TdB with a group. I think it's ideal for groups because it's a set price for each person. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was delicious.

The cold and hot salad bars that are available offer a variety of items. Some of my favorites are the (hot) sauteed mushrooms and buffalo mozzerella with tomatoes.

The selection of meats that come around are delicious too. Well seasoned and the portions are just right. I especially like the filet mignon and flank steak.

The service is on point and all the staff from host greeters to our main waiter were polite and attentive. 

Minus one star because it's in the Town Square area. A lot of the clientele seems to be walk-in traffic from the shopping area and as a result the lack of a dress code doesn't make you feel like you're eating in an expensive establishment. However, it is a solid restaurant and I would definitely recommend TdB when you're in the mood for all you can eat meat.
I love Texas de Brazil! The food is great but the price is a little bit high, however is worth for what you get.
Wow! What an improvement!  Service, once the downfall of the restaurant, is now efficient and relaxed.  You are given the time to sit down, look over the drink menu and wine list.  You can enjoy your drink before hitting the excellent salad bar.  You can  have a conversation after you finish your salad without the servers arms reaching in to clear the table the second you put your fork down.  Most amazingly, you can  enjoy a SINGLE cut of meat and a sip of wine without playing the "haha, I flipped the stick to stop one second after the last carver left so back off!) game.

Believe it or not, beef taste different from chicken when they are not all piled on top of each other (although the primary flavor is still bacon fat and hickory smoke).

Thanks to the slower service, the proteins taste much better.  They do not bleed out on the plate and are much juicer. 

The only thing I still don't get is the roasted bananas with brown sugar that's offered as a side.  It still taste like a desert to me.

The wine selection is excellent.  Prices are very low (near retail).

What a difference service makes.  Now, highly recommended.
Yum Yum Yum!!!

Meat upon meat upon meat.  This restaurant is cool.  You get to try tons of different types of meat that is brought right to your table.  Usually I don't like "buffet" sort of places because I hate the crowds that always flock to the "good food", however this one is cool because for the most part you sit the whole time.  You get your food from the buffet area salad and cheese and stuff, and then you go sit down where servers bring around freshly cooked pieces of meat.  They keep on bringing it until you turn your card over to the "stop" side.  If you decide that you would like some more then you turn it back over to "go" side.  They say that all the meat is cooked medium rare but I found it to medium.  Still awesome though.

The wine is a bit pricey but if you go online and sign up for email you get a free buy one get one coupon for your birthday, so it justifies buying a bottle of wine! :)

Ahhh I don't remember our particular servers name but she was really nice!!
Lost a star due to the price. Via Brazil is better for the price you pay. The meat isn't that tender. Park at Town Square for easy and FREE parking. Valet is offered at Town Square. Texas De Brazil offers lot parking.
Well, the best way to describe my experiences with TDB is hit and miss,,,
I've been 2 times,, the 1st was Fantastic,, juicy, flavorful cuts of meats, outrageous salad bar, best I've seen! And great service,,,
the 2nd time,, not so much,, EVERY cut of meat was so overly salted, me and my family could hardly eat it!! Believe me, I am a SALT FAN big time,, but this was way over the top. I spoke to the manager,, very kind, and asked for some unsalted cuts, said sorry but that meats are prepared earlier and have been marinated in the seasonings,, oh well,,, for the price,, over $40 for dinner,,, I was not happy,,,
All I can say is good luck,, hope you get my 1st experience,,,the last one was not a pleasant one,,
Excellent service. Wish that some meat are well done hate to see a little blood on the meat. The Desert are an believable yummy!!
yum! can't wait to go back! 

Located at the Town Square behind the shopping area, It has it's own parking area and doesn't seem very big from the outside... and when you walk in... it actually isn't very big!
hahaa...

It's not small... but it's not very big either.  There's a separate bar area next to the waiting area so you can grab a drink or 2 or 3 before your seated.  

Nicely decorated and nicely kept, reception is very friendly and welcoming.  

I've only recently begun to appreciate steaks and meats after we moved and I started cooking more.  Texas de Brazil was two, three, four finger-licking thumbs up. [though this is NOT the environment for licking thumbs.]   The selection that the gouchos offered... or "meats on sticks" were tender and juicy... flavorful and plentiful.

1 more star for the salad and side bar!  It offered a lot and everything complimented my steaks and wine perfectly. 

It doesn't seem so uptight that you have to wear something nice like shoes and not slippers... but it is a nice restaurant.  [btw, I think it's okay to wear slippers...]

We came here on an anniversary date after hearing awesome reviews and again... I can't wait to go back! :D  maybe a nice v-day date ;D
It was the best!  Loved it loved it!
My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!!  Came here last Friday with some buddies for lunch and was absolutely impressed.   The service was top notch, tons of great cuts of beef (perfectly seasoned), the price for lunch was very reasonable at $25 a person, the salad bar was good and had a decent selection of greens, rice, etc, also the layout was decorated very nice as well.  This place is really popular, so make sure to book a reservation in advance.  Overall, I really enjoyed the restaurant and would highly recommend it to anyone who loves meat.  I'll definitely return on my next trip Vegas for Labor Day weekend!!!
Love this place, Gluttony at it's best.  Great meats, Nice wine selection, service for the most part is excellent, and the salad bar is unbelieveable.  I usually don't go to the salad bar so there is more room for the meats!
Can we say Steak & Meats Galore?  This place would make any guy or gal want to give a Tim Allen "man (or women) grunt " hehe, but in all seriousness Texas de Brazil is a wonderful Brazilian Churrascaria Steakhouse. (An all you can eat served at your table feast) Located in the Town Square shopping area just off South Las Vegas Blvd...this authentic place will leave you amazed...but it can also be intimidating, especially for first time guests. 

This may not be your place if you are a vegetarian, but there is an amazing salad bar, with a few sushi, seafood, and smoked salmon that are delicious as they look.  

The place is the scene to be seen, when hosting birthday parties or social events...but as formal looking as it is intimidating...one may not look far to know that this place can be casual in dress code as well. (but I wouldn't recommend wearing sweats and a tank top)...although I am sure you won't be escorted out and denied service.  Place is nicely decorated and contemporary in design and furniture.  Place is a little on the dim side, but not as dim as the cheesecake factory.

It is best to make reservations as one will quickly notice that waiting time especially at peak hours and weekends that the wait can take anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour...but then again that is the typical at a nice restaurant like this.  They could have provided better seating for waiting customers...it can get a little cramp in the entrance area, where you may have to find yourself waiting outside...it might be alright but during cold winters and summer heats...it might not be your cup of tea.  

Once you get through that and you are shown your table and seated, the host will explain how it goes down.  You may start off with a salad bar for all your sides...and when you get back the meats start to come.  You get a small circle card...red on one side, green on the other.  Green means go and Red means stop (who would have known) ... but basically the green card indicates servers to come to you and serve you an array of meats from sausages to chicken to lamb to pork to fillet mignon and so forth!  The combinations seem endless, so pace yourself if you want to try a little of everything!

On a side note...it may feel frustrating at times when your card is green and no one shows up at your table...this may happen at times when it gets busy...but don't be ashame to call out a waiter or a server and request a type of meat to be brought to your table.  They will take to your request and bring your delights.

Texas de Brazil is a little on the pricey side, but this is expected at this type of place.  If you are a baller on a budget...this place is a once in a while special occasion type of deal.  If you haven't tried it yet...definitely plan one...even if its once in your whole life.
Can't say enough great things about this place!! We discovered this amazing restaurant when we were in Miami and even though there isn't one in southern California, there is one in our favorite place to visit!

We had only previous been for dinner but this time because of scheduling, we made reservations for lunch. I was a little hesitant because sometimes lunch isn't as good but I called ahead and the only difference was a few items in the salad bar (which we don't eat much of anyway) and no filet or lamb. This was ok with us because we actually like eating some of the other cuts of meat and for the price difference, totally worth it! 26.99 for lunch vs. 46.99 for dinner.

One tip, if you have early dinner reservations, get there a little bit before your reservation and head to the bar for happy hour :)

Now if only they would open one in LA
Do you love food? Do you love to eat a lot of it? If you answered yes to both of those questions, then you'll love Texas de Brazil. If you are planning on eating here for dinner, I recommend you come hungry. By this I mean, plan the day out specifically for eating here. When you are first seated, you have the opportunity to go to a salad bar with a number of various selections. If you aren't amazed by the vast salad bar selection, turn around and there you will find.... Lobster. Bisque. Soup. 

The lobster bisque soup is very delicious and will keep you coming back for more. But wait, you can't get full off of that just yet.. 

The parade of meats seemed like it was something I could only dream about. There are various different types of meat (beef, chicken, lamb, pork) all of which have their own unique flavor. I'll tell you now, I recommend sticking with the beef and chicken, because those had the best flavor in my opinion.

 On the table there is a small card, if the green side is up, the servers will come to your table and offer you whichever type of meat they are carrying. If the red side is up, the servers will refrain from offering any more food. On top of the various meat choices, you are given a dish with banana and brown sugar which is very delicious and sweet , and mashed potatoes. You can order more of these after you finish them.

My only complaint is that sometimes the servers with the specific meat you do like take a long time to come around again. Other than that, the service is great.

Recommendation: be sure you try some of the picanha (also known as top sirloin).
Meat Galore, for real.

They have a salad/soup bar in the main room and you basically serve yourself and then there are servers coming around with steaks & chicken of sorts. I am not a big fan of chicken, so I did not bother getting that.  

But steaks were all good and amazing. My absolute favorite would be the filet mignon with no bacon. 

They also serve you fried bananas & mashed potatoes.
I loved their fried bananas the best I ever tasted. Mashed potatoes, ehh not so great.
Overall, I had a great experience with this place and Im thinking about going back there real soon.

TIP: In the salad bar, they have bacon bits and if you love bacon; these are just amazing!
wow. 
overall great food, above average service, good value, nice selection.
its nice to have a buffet style meal thats good quality, and in a casual setting (its nice not being forced to dress up :) ) 
overall food was great, the only things i really didnt care for was the different types of chicken. i found the parmesan chicken dry, and the chicken breast and bacon to taste hotdog-ish. 
the top sirloin and garlic steak were really good, and the mashed potatoes were amazing- also love the fried banana. (one of the things my husband and i were talking about when we left was we dont remember ever having a good fried banana before) 

the one thing i would change though if i were them, is the bottle soda to tables. i mean, yes it looks nice/classy. however, its the casual ability that gives this place such a unique charm. i really feel they should replace it with fountain (free refills) also, your serving meat which requires people to drink a lot... it not cool when the price of drinks can compare to the cost of the meal.
Absolutely amazing !! The price might throw you off but it is mos def worth it was so good I went twice in 3 days! They wonderful thing is that as much money as they make and charge they still offer genuine good discounts like 15 % off for military and there 8 guests!!! who does this anymore!!! Go there on a starving empty stomach you will be rolled out of there and stuffed!!! The Meats are so fresh and delicious! The waiters and hostesses are so courteous to all walks of people not just the rich!!! I would most def recommend this place to everyone!!!!! The salad bar is nothing but the highest quality!  The only downside is the waiting area and the lack of meeting the reservation deadlines. OTHER THAN THAT GO HERE!!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
I took my husband to Texas De Brazil for his birthday. I would suggest making a reservation because it gets pretty busy here even in midweek. We came a little earlier than our reservation so we had to wait a little.

We were seated close to the salad bar which was good for me because I fell in love with it! I enjoyed the salad bar more than the meat. That is not like me because I'm a carnivore. There were a couple of stand outs for me. They had sushi but it was very basic but still appreciated. The Lobster Bisque had a sweet taste to it. I couldn't get enough of the Marinated Portobello Mushrooms. They also had this excellent tomato salad. The one thing I didn't like about the salad bar was they kept all of the sauces for the meat here. I discovered them too late! They should bring the sauces to the table like other places.

The meat was good but not as good as Fogo De Chao. I base that on how the chicken wasn't as good here because it was salty. The meat was fine but if you like well done meat like my husband it is hard to come by. He had to wait awhile for someone to bring it.

The service was good on the refilling of drinks but not fast enough on bringing well done meats to the birthday boy!
If your a meat lover this place is for you. The sweet bananas are very delicious!! Mash potatoes are so-so. I really love the cooked mushrooms!! Not very cheap but high quality meats aren't cheap.
Let me walk you through a typical experience at Texas de Brazil. You walk in, get seated, and then you have the option of going to what is essentially a tapas style salad bar, filled will not just traditional salad fair but things like stuffed olives, fried provolone cheese, slices of prosciutto and much more. Fill your plate with things that look tasty and maybe a few things you're not sure about (grape salad?) and head back to your table. There you will find the staff has kindly dropped you the standard table sides of fried banana and mashed potatoes, and some cheese bread balls. These are just the sides. They are delicious.

At that table with be a small round card. If you flip it up to say no, no one will bother you. If you flip it up to say yes, an assortment of folks will stop by your tale with meat of some variety or another. You can take a piece or pass for the next one as you see fit. You'll see things like hot links, short ribs, flank steak and any number of other amazing items. I recommend taking the time to try many different things, rather than loading up on any one item. It's what the place is built for.

Therein lies the real true appeal. Not just the food, which is generally excellent. It's the fact that you get to to hunt that food in reverse since it comes to you. It's the breadth and quality of choices you have to work with. It's a fantastic meal where you choose your portions and items in a sort of strange combination of a steakhouse, tapas place and buffet. 

Desert was also quite good. They have a nice variety to choose form and the care and quality in the desert is at the same high level as the main courses. 

The service is generally excellent, the staff is on top of things and the decor is nice. My one and only complaint (and the reason its 4 instead of 5 stars) is the bar. My wife and I tried the bar and to our chagrin we found that the bartender did not know the recipes nor displayed any kind of personality or skill in making the drinks, even after she used the book of drinks itself to make what we ordered. Both of our drinks were slightly incorrect and the bartender seemed to have no motivation to double check her work, or interact with us further than hearing what drinks we wished to have. 

All that said, its going to be a bit expensive. Don't expect to have a meal for two without dropping $100. It is certainly worth it, though. Avoid the bar, order your drinks at the tale, and enjoy an excellent level of meats and side items.
I usually LOVE this place. I am a meat eater and definitely get my money worth of steak when I come here, but last night I was not impressed. The meat has gone down in quality and only came around about 4 times the whole time we were there. We had to keep asking the waitress to have the guys come around, but they never did. The only thing they came around with was the flank steak, Brazilian sausage, and fillet twice. I always picked this place over Via Brazil but might have to make the switch. I will say the salad bar continues to have high quality food.
What I"m about to tell you, will not make sense, until you are finished with your meal here.


Filet Mignon, Garlic Sirloin, Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Skip EVERYTHING at the buffet table including the Lobster Bisque. The meat that gets brought to you is where the Jackpot is at. The buffet table is filled with goodies, but it just doesn't compare to the meats.


I am NOT a steak/beef type of a person. I"m more of a chicken meat eater.. But that Filet Mignon will even turn a Vegetarian to the dark side.
They have the best lemonade here (it is a slushy consistency)!  The service is always excellent and the salad bar is definitely more than just that.  I love the wide selection of items that are available including the scalloped potatoes and lobster bisque.  Of course, the endless cuts of meat are pretty tasty.  I suggest the parmesan chicken!  I have never left this restaurant feeling less than full.
I've been to several steakhouses like this across the U.S.  The fare served here is standard brazilian churrascaria... as far as experience, pretty top notch but the drinks were decent and food short of exceptional.  It's certainly a place to visit at least once but with so many eateries per square mile, would you really want to?  oh, and they also had dessert available which no one in their right mind would have room for at the end but looked good anyway.  Why do they do this???
Meat feast awesomeness!  What's not to love?  Succulent meats and a fantastic salad bar.  Price is pretty steep but worth the treat.  The fillet wrapped in bacon and lamb chops were my favorites.  We were originally quoted a 40 min wait but turned out to be less than 10.  Our waitress was attentive and sweet.  Really nice bathrooms and bar area.  Highly recommend!
this past time wasnt nearly as good
Food is great, floors looks dirty, restrooms ok, great service
This is a carnivore's dream come true. SOMEBODY SLAP ME AND CALL ME A SLUT! 

Just keep the little disc they give you on green. 

Yes, yes, and more yes...
If you like to be hurried like a herd of cows, pay through the nose and frozen then this is the place for you.  They have a fantastic salad bar but unfortunately they do not allow you to enjoy it.  When we were seated the waitress told us that when we were ready for the main meal to turn over a token on table from red to green.  As soon as we started to eat our salad they started shoving meat onto our plates.  It appeared that nobody paid attention to the token on our table.  They just wanted to feed us and kick us out the door.  Some of the meats they brought us were very dry and tough.  Beware of their house special desert called papaya cream.  It was horrible!  Stick to the deserts they offer you on the tray.
upon entering Texas De Brazil the atmosphere is beautiful, seating is a little close together yet still comfortable. I had a reservation prior for 8:00PM and was not seated until about 8:30PM the server was great swell as the meat men that come by. they are on top of making sure they come by your table if your card is "green" the meat is filling and salad buffet is fresh. The price is o.k I would only come when they have specials going or if it is an occasion.
I like to refer to Texas De Brazil as the Meatpocalypse. You really need to prepare yourself like a day in advance because this is a serious meat eating adventure. Start at the salad bar first for some lobster bisque, smoked salmon (seriously good), orzo salad, assorted cheeses and veggies. Once you get back to the table the full blown meat assault begins whether you are ready or not. Their house sirloin is amazing. It is pricey but if you sign up for their club they send out deal emails frequently and you can get a free meal during your birthday month (as long as there is a paid meal at the table).
Repeating what others have said - make sure you're HUNGRY!

And don't make the rookie mistake I made by putting too much on your plate going through the salad bar....the really good stuff (the reason you're there!) is coming right to your table!  Hint:  Double-up your plates at the salad bar, leaving a clean one on the bottom that you can use for the meat when you get back to your table.

Expertly seasoned meats, and for the most part, perfectly cooked.  We've been there twice now, and the second time I thought the beef ribs were just a tad too over-done.  The first time though they were perfect, as was everything else.  We didn't try the chicken -- sorry, not going to waste stomach space on chicken....I don't eat lamb, but my husband does, and he said the lamb chops were great.

Come hungry....leave STUFFED!
The customer service here is amazing! I wish I had the name of our waitress, she was a short, blonde girl. Very perky and helpful.
   The price at TdB is a bit expensive, the bill came to be $120. But the atmosphere was pleasant, and the experiance is fun. You def must love meat if youre here or it is not worth coming! The salad bar is delicious as well.
Oh yeah!!! The first time I hit this place was like a meat lover's personal Heaven!! I like everything about it, the servers are quite friendly and knowledgeable about their selections of food, and wine. They are so helpful with your questions. This place is an All You Can Eat, The meats are brought to your table so you never have to get up, unless you want something from their salad bar which has, cheeses, cold cuts, soups, rice, sushi, fruits, and veggies. They give you a round card, one side is green for them to keep coming with meats, and the otherside is red to stop them from coming if you're finished or to take a break. And my most favorite dessert there is their chocolate cake. Sangrias are great too. I you like meat, is the place to eat!!
The nom's this place offers are EXCEPTIONAL!!!
I wanted to try a new place for my birthday and decided I wanted to be placed
in a meat coma upon my arrival home. So Texas De Brazil was chosen!
I'm so glad we came here the food was delicious!
Our waiter was patient and swift as he explained how the cards and the food delivery worked. He also thoroughly explained all that was on the salad bar and encouraged us to give it a whirl.

The salad bar is almost equivalent to the greatness of the meat (meat blasphemy, I know!!). But it really is delicious with traditional salad entrees being offered in addition to marinated mushrooms, fresh salami and cappicola to dress. Along with sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. (ALL TASTY!!)

Then the meat arrived. I wont lie, I drooled a little bit when I saw lamb chops, and sirloin, and sausage (oh my!!)
It was all tasty and they managed to have something to please everybody. 
They could even cut the meat for people who wanted medium to well done. My sister has already planned another visit for us.
I cant wait to go again.. yummy!!
WOW  that was one expensive buffett.
This is my second Texas de Brazil location. The Aruba location was absolutely delicious, so I had to visit this location with the boyfriend when we were in Las Vegas since they don't have any locations near us. I was so estatic to introduce him to eat here but unfortunately our dining experience wasn't that great. Most of their meats were heavily salted that our meal mostly consisted of drinking tons of water. Overall, tonight's dinner was the worst dinner we ever had, especially for their pricing and that we couldn't eat our money's worth. Definitely won't be coming back to this location. 1 star for staff friendliness.
Hmm.... not sure about this place.  I re-read my review and it is funny that I got sick there.  I took my cousin there a few months ago, and he got sick too, like really sick.  Not sure what that's about.  It is too bad, because I like the food a lot.
i love this place. i go here for every special occassion. went for my birthday this past march was awesome. great server and great food. only bad thing is that they tend to forget when you ask them to cook the food well done sometimes they dont come back to your table with it since everything is cooked medium.  but its still amazing.
Having frequented "Barbacoa" in Tokyo, Japan, which has a very similar concept, I was both impressed and disappointed with Texas de Brazil. 

Impressed - salad bar was superb with a lot of high-end offerings

Disappointed - Meat selection was good, but have seen a more extensive and better offering from Barbacoa in Tokyo

For a price of $46 dollars per person, you get what you come for and it's a fun experience for those who have never been. With 2 drinks, a dessert and 2 plates, our total bill came to about $130 dollars + tip. Not too bad considering the premium the strip normally places on it's restaurants!
On the norm, this place is usually packed! They are well staffed to handle it. Typical service for a Brazilian Steakhouse isn't as good as an American Steak House service (upscale restaurant), so keep that in mind but for this place, This place takes the cake!  Via Brazil would take second then Fogo de Chao would place in show. Only downfall, you must make a dinner reservation or your going to be stuck an hour or more just to be seated. That's how good it is! Since it's upscale, so is the price. Dinner runs for $46.99 per person. Soda's are from can and not from fountains which means no free refills. 1 can of soda is $3 each. Best if you just drink water or an ice-t which are the only two that are refillable. But for service and quality of food, so far in Las Vegas, this place is number 1. I would recommend this place for people to celebrate Birthdays or A Special Anniversary. Our favorite items are the Bacon Wrapped filet mignon and the Beef Ribs that is cut in a special way without the bone and the house special top sirloin cap called Picanha, best if you asked for thin slices!
Been wanting to go to Texas de Brazil for quite awhile but it's on the expensive side so just never got around to it. Finally went for my birthday and had a wonderful time and one of the best meals I've ever had.
Everything I love about a great steakhouse (extensive salad bar and garlic mashed potatoes mmmmm) but you get a wide variety of different meats and they'll keep bringing them around as long as you still have room. 
All the meats were perfectly cooked, the chicken and pork cuts were juicy and tender. We finished the meal with a slice of Brazilian cheesecake, which was a perfect combination of chocolate fudge, cheesecake and caramel. 
Cannot wait to come back here again now that I know all the little things about it. Definitely want to try some of the sauces they had at the salad bar with the meat (chimichurri and mint sauce).

Important tip!: if your planning on going for your first time or just a return trip, sign up on their website for their eclub/mailing list. They'll send you a 10% off coupon for the entire meal and they'll send you a "Buy one, get one dinner free" for your birthday.

With the buy one, get one coupon, our check ended up being $100 plus the tip. We had an amazing meal and alcoholic beverages and dessert. Very much worth it.
The best, the ABSOLUTE BEST in Brazilian BBQ!

Being from L.A., I've had my share of great BBBQ places. Fogo de Chao, M Grill, Libra Steakhouse and the non AYCE variety such as Pampas, Bossa Nova, Cafe Brasil, and of course we're known for our plethora of Korean BBQ places too. But the best all you can eat BBQ place I've set foot in is Texas de Brazil. Why you ask? Let's take a step by step journey shall we?

First, the place itself is very classy, roomy, very romantically lit (as romantic as plates on plates of red juicy, bloody meat can be anyways), and not too loud. The walls are decorated with lots of artwork, I think it's very well decorated but then again I ain't exactly what youse city folk would consider as "artsy" nor fancy but i do know it's not tacky. Spotting your favorite UFC fighter or Vegas celeb here isn't too uncommon (what's up Wanderlei Silva!). The servers in their gaucho uniforms are very friendly and always super attentive.

Secondly, the buffet bar. Wow what selections! Of course you're going to get the usual greens from the salad bar and as always, everything there is very fresh. Asparagus, snow peas, mozzarella, grilled Portobello, olives, baby corn, grilled peppers, etc. Just remember, don't get too excited, it's just frickin' veggies man! The other section offers garlic shrimp, pasta, cheeses, prosciutto, fried plantains (delicious!) and just a lot of other great and satisfying fillers but I sure hope you know better than to fill yourself up with those! One thing you do have to get though is the lobster bisque, man I sip on that the whole night. It's rich, creamy, and just so flavorful. 

Now for the main event, the MEAT! Picanha, top sirloin, Brazilian sausages, beef ribs, chicken wrapped in bacon, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, flank steak, garlic picanha, lamb chops, leg of lamb, Parmesan chicken, Parmesan pork loin, pork ribs, and pork loin.Oh man, each piece if perfectly seasoned with the right amount of salt and spices. You never feel like you're consuming too much sodium even though that's exactly what you're doing. But you don't get the meat sweats because it's just that perfectly cooked and not at all too oily. My favorite were the pincanha, top sirloin, filet mignon in bacon, and definitely the leg of lamb along with the chops as well. I don't know how many beasts I've consumed at Texas de Brazil but I can assure you, PETA would consider me one of their greatest enemies if they know just how much meat I eat here. The thing that also helps you continually enjoy seconds, thirds, fourths, and so on and so on are the sauces they have for you to dip the meats in. the chimichurri and mint sauces are bomb.com and goes well with pretty much any cut of meat.

Lastly, their dessert carts they have rolling around are packed with choices as well. Cheesecake, flan, pies, cakes, and creme brulee galore! Confession though, I honestly didn't try any because I had filled myself up to the throat with meat and lobster bisque and the Brazilian version of Lay's potato chips, the pao de queijo (aka Brazilian cheese bread) because I bet you that you can't have just one. I on the other hand did have just one I think, one basket that is. I love those cheeseballs!

Anyway, each person I believe came out to like 50 bucks which is honestly a steal for the quality of meat and everything else at the salad bar that they offer. If you sign up on their website you can get special offers from time to time so might wanna look into that if you're more on the thrifty side. All in all, when in Vegas, screw 90 percent of the buffets on the strip (with the exception of the Bellagio & Wynn ones) and just come on down to Texas de Brazil. Where Texas cattle get the Brazilian treatment (I honestly don't even know where their cattle comes from, I'd just figure I make that connection so it would help me make more sense of the name). Oh wait, just read on their website it's because they combined it with the generous spirit of Texas, close enough. Ok now I'm just talking to myself, but anyways, do yourself a favor and come here if you are a meat lover. If not, stay home you salad eating pansy.
I was so excited to go here that my expectations went a bit too high. I think an actually requirement of working here is to be from Brazil. I wonder how that exactly works out... All the meat that we tried was really delicious however a lot of the times it was extremely rare. I like my meat a bit more cooked and when I asked for medium it was like they suddenly avoided our table. The buffet didn't match the cost of the meal. For that price they should be bringing all the food to me.  Over all I dont think I would go back.
Texas de Brazil is really quite impressive.  They offer a very nice salad bar with various cheeses, prepared salads, cold meats, fresh vegetables.  There is also a hot item bar with a delicious lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes, black beans, rice, and sauteed vegetables.  It's very easy to fill up just on these items.  Then the meats come around, and the selections are quite wide.  Pork tenderloin, bacon-wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, beef rib, etc.  Everything was very tasty.  We also tried the sangria, which was very good as well.  Don't miss the buttery mashed potatoes and fried banana side dishes.  This is a nice place to celebrate a special occasion, and we always look forward to dining here.
I absolutely love meat and this place is perfect for me. Although I wished they would have more choices of steak, the other meat options were good. One thing that really caught my heart was how great the customer service is. The servers are very polite and professional. One of them kept insisting of the notion "ladies first" and treated me before the boys. It's nice to see chivalrous behavior.
None of these places have chicken hearts which is a staple at a true Churrascaria.  Hard to screw this format up really except when you mess up the meat.  The meats here were all done pretty well, the only complaint I has was the picanha which was dry for some reason.  Plus, they only have 6 kinds of meat which felt light.  After 10 minutes, it felt like they were bringing back the same thing over and over (which they were).  They have the flank (the best cut here in my opinion), picanha, sausage, filet, lamb and bacon wrapped chicken, that is literally it.  Also, the waiters keep wanting to cut off the ends, I had to tell them I like it rare and to cut me a middle piece (no big deal).  The service was good and the salad bar was plentiful.  It's a bit loud but these places always are.  I'd probably go back but it's a little light on the meat selections.
Great selection at the salad bar (don't fill up), delicious unlimited meats and outstanding customer service.  I like Yolie's, but TDB beats them by a mile.  I don't think our water glasses were ever less than half full and the servers were always attentive and very professional.  We will be back.
  The only thing that was disturbing (a pet peeve), is typical throughout Las Vegas; no dress code.  The place is a very nice, relatively expensive dining establishment, yet people show up dressed to mow their lawns in wife beaters, cut off shorts and flip flops.  Makes it hard to celebrate occasions and feel special.  In a town where you can't get into most dance clubs with sneakers, there should be a standard for nice restaurants.
Really good food and excellent service. I have been to a few places like this but never had meat come so quickly. Would have been 5 stars if they had more unique meats. Salad bar looked okay, but I never actually ate them. The garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas that the brought as sides were amazing!
Tip #1.....don't come here unless you want to severely overeat and knock yourself into a food coma.

Usually it is all about food and presentation but in the case of TDB, it really is all about the food.  Sure, the presentation of carrying meat around on a skewer is a nice show albeit a little cavemanish but as far as I'm concerned, they can carry it around in their bare hands as long as they just keep bringing it.

Tip #2....don't go crazy with the salad bar.  

Yes, you will be tempted by the grilled garlic, various cheeses, seared tuna, sauteed mushrooms,  artichoke hearts, quiona salad and smoked salmon but STOP!!!!!  You're not here for that!  Nope, you're here for the succulent tastings of all the different kinds of meat.

Tip #3....tell them how you like your meat cooked.  

That's right, don't be afraid.  Just because it is on a skewer doesn't mean its cooked the same way all the way through.  Tell your server what your preference is and they will let the meat walkers know exactly what you're looking for.  If you were at an ordinary steak house, you'd do the same.

The MEATS..

One of my favorites is picanha which is just a sirloin.  Why would one pay this kind of dollar to get a sirloin.  Well take my word and TDB's as well (it is their house special) that this is not an ordinary sirloin.  This slab of meat is cooked to perfection with a char on onside.  The meat is tender and surprisingly melts in our mouth and not like the sirloin I've known for so long.  I would suggest that you get one of the edge pieces where the fat is on the crispy side.  Make sure to add some of chimichurri sauce for the meat as it adds plenty of oil and garlic to this already juicy piece of meat.

Their lamb could quite possibly be in my top 3 lamb tastings of all time.  Add in their mint sauce and it is an amazing combination for your mouth.

Others meats worth diving into:

Flank Steak - oddly enough, not as good as the sirloin but ranks right up there.

Filet Mignon - the king of all beefs.  Unfortunately here it is just ok.  It is nothing as you'd find a common steakhouse but definitely worth the eat.

Chicken - honestly I'm not here to eat chicken but will admit, the chicken is very good but here and now....its all about the beef.

Pork Loin - seasoned well and very tender. However if I'm going to have pork, throw me some bacon please.

Garlic Steak - a nice piece of meat with the presence of garlic.  The garlic is not overpowering but can definitely be tasted.

The service at TDB is amazing and they want to make it a dining experience.  I've never once felt rushed no have I ever left there wishing something was different about the service.  The staff has always been friendly and on spot with meeting our needs.

A good wine selection and a full bar tops this amazing culinary experience.

Sure, it is pricey and not something that I would do weekly.  A couple of times a year is more than enough.  But with regards to the price, it is no higher than one of your higher end steak houses and I promise you that  you will never leave with an empty feeling.

Tip #4....ENJOY!!
Meat mayhem!! 

We had a meal with a big group, so we were able to have a semi-private room off the side of the bar.  Our waiter was very personable, friendly, and efficient.  I was especially impressed when he checked on us mid-way through our meal to ask if we'd like any particular meats sent over.

The food was indeed good.  I didn't go crazy with the salad bar, but I enjoyed the lobster bisque (very smooth, no chunks of lobster), the shrimp, the chilled asparagus, the mushrooms, and the potatoes au gratin.  The sides were also quite tasty, although I preferred the bananas over the garlic mashed potatoes. The bread was delicious as well. 

 The meat was very, very good!  I enjoyed the filet, the lamb chops, everything that was wrapped in bacon.  I will say that it does tend to be rather highly salted, so this is not a place you'd want to go if you're watching your sodium!
I lived for some time in Rio de Janeiro and this "Rodizio' is the best I had outside of Brazil, simply perfect, it reminds me 'Porcao' and 'Marius'.
take a tip from a connaisseur : don't get too much food from the buffet, real brazilians focus on meat, specially "picanha"
After hearing so much about this place and after having lived in Vegas for 10 years without trying it, I decided it try it on one of my trips back to the land of sunshine and neon.  
Solid 5 stars.
I stuffed my face on prime cuts in a manner I haven't done in years.  I sampled every cut that came by our table.  
The salad bar is extensive and exquisite.  They have cheeses at the salad bar that add a nice element to the meal.  
I will definitely be going back to this place.  The service was excellent and the staff was courteous.  It lived up to everything I had been told and then some.
Living in Vegas for a few years now, good restaurants are abundant.  We benefit from all the incredible chef centered properties on the strip and the Megaresorts, however; the one area where the recession has really hit most places is service.  Fewer wait staff, poor service even when the food is acceptable can really put a downer on things.  

Texas de Brazil is not one of those locations.  Food was exceptional and well seasoned.  And yes, while you come here for the meats, the exceptional balanced salad bar with its choices of chilled asparagus with raspberry sauce, couscous, lobster bisque, fresh salads and cheeses really create an exceptional dining experience.

Granted, its not the tasting menu at Guy Savoy or Joel Robuchon, but its a real pleasure combining the numerous meat selections, tasty sides, and exceptional service.  

My wife and I had 6:15 reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived.  Dress code was Las Vegas Business Casual (I allow for nice dress shorts).  And there were several families with small children and young people.

Price was more than fair, service was exceptional, and food was great.  I highly recommend locals or visitors giving TdB a shot.
Execellent service and food.  Reservations is a must and go early.  We had to wait an hour since he had no reservations but that was fine. 

Adam M. - Wait Server is Execellent.  Giving you the tips on what type of meats to try and to try a little of everything at a slow pace.  Checking to see if we want anything special to be cooked it can be down .

The bread to the meats to the salad bar is well stock and fresh. 

Will be back with our family and friends the next time we are in Las Vegas.
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I understand that it's a chain and there are a handful of other TdB's I could visit, but that doesn't mean it's not amazing.  The food here is wonderful, the staff is always friendly, and I've NEVER left wanting more.

I recommend this place to all of my friends.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas.
We typically have buffets when visiting Vegas so I thought I would mix it up so I came here for my BDay with a group after hearing about the restaurant on MMAjunkie. Wow is this place damn good. I'm a meat lover so I was in Meat heaven. All the meats were on point and the buffet was damn good too. Best Brazilian steak place hands down and we have had quiet a few back in LA. This place has to rank in top 5 best places I ever ate.
Food was delicious.  Will come back.
This place is fabulous if you're a carnivore. They start you off with mashed potatoes, fried bananas and brazillian cheese bread. I hate bananas but these taste fantastic. From what I can recall they serve Filet Minon, skirt steak, flank steak, pork ribs, beef ribs, Parmesan chicken, chicken breast wrapped in bacon and pork tenderloin. 

After a while the beef gets to you and that's when the salad bar comes to play. Their desserts are fantastic as well. I definitely recommend the pecan pie but make sure it's hot. Their cheesecake is very good as well.
We absolutely loved this place.

The food, the atmosphere, the service are all second to none.

So why the "3-star" rating?

Over the top expensive!  $50 for a 12 year old?  Come on guys!   Ridiculous!

By the way, our favorite meat served was a chicken drummie that was encrusted with Parmesan cheese.  We had it last and if we would have had it first, we would have loaded up on it.

All the meats and salad bar are spectacular.  Really.

Our servers were all exceptional.  It's really hard to find a better combination of food and service.

I just take issue with anyone charging a 12 year old full price.

Leave the kids at home and you'll enjoy a 4-star experience.


EDIT:  Just changed to 2 Star Rating.  Why?  Their website says 12 year olds get 1/2 price.  I told our main server my children were 12 and 10.  He replied, "1/2 price for the 10 yo and full price for the 12 yo".

Train your people!!!!!!  I'm now embarrassed for leaving a full 20% tip.  Damn.
Have to say one of the best places to eat. Yes it is pricy, but the flavors of meat, desserts, etc are just amazing. My mouth waters just thinking about it. My wife and I went yesterday to have our 5 year anniversary and I think she enjoyed it more than I did. 

I do wish the price was cheaper. Oh well. Would recommend to anyone who loves great tasting meat and is willing to pay top dollar for it. Maybe a once or twice a year/special occasion dinner.
Truly the cream of the crop amongst many Brazilian BBQ joints. Came here to celebrate my 100th day with my girlfriend and what a decision it was to come here!  We came on a Monday night during the evening at about 5:30 PM. Though there was not a lot of people, we waited 15 minutes, probably because they were preparing but it was well worth the wait plus more. 

Upon seating, we were courteously greeted and  were given a brief synopsis of how this unique restaurant works. However, I had difficulty understanding him for he had a strong accent but I learned as I went. 

For appetizer, we are introduced to the buffet bars consisting primarily of multiple salads and greens. There was literally every green vegetable and fruit imaginable. The asparagus is huge and extremely fresh! They also had garlic shrimp which was very tasty as well. And to think this was just the beginning, I was more than wrong.

Upon seating, you are given this plastic coin where one side is red and one side is green. The red basically means "no meat" while the green means "meat." Wandering the restaurant are servers who carry their specialty of meat and cut/serve for you when they noticed the green side up.
I first began with chicken wrapped in bacon. DELICIOUS. Small yet enriching in taste. My suggestion is try not getting too much so you leave room for others.
Then I got Filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Can't get enough. 
Then came others such as the Brazilian sausages, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb legs = etc. Every meat is cooked to near perfection with right amount of salts, spices, and etc. The food is served at your convenience so remember to leave good tip. Try to eat at a good pace as well because once that green coin is up, the meat will come at a very quick pace. So quick, that you may leave your meats to cold air just because you've accumulated way too much. 

My bill came out to a little over 100 with a glass of wine and two people. For a buffet style, this is not bad at all. I find this to be smart because unlike a buffet, this style of unlimited food conserves portions at the server's discretion. While at a buffet, people impulsively grab foods that look good and tend to eat half of it and then throw it away. A waste, when you consider how many people in the world are starving, which is why I truly credit this place for implementing an AYCE style that conserves portions and maximizes profits. 

I am a proud Korean and their popular format of foods but Brazil really gives me a good reason to become a part of their nationality JUST because of the foods. I hope you all enjoy the same journey I had at this restaurant.
I think the only way someone could give this restaurant less than 5 stars is if they somehow got really bad service.

I've eaten here about seven times now - and their servers are first rate - as would be expected when you're looking at $50+ per person.

The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it.

But...the big attraction of Texas de Brazil is M-E-A-T.  Basically you can have as much of just about any type of meat your heart desires.  I could write a book about how great their meat is.  Lamb, Beef, Chicken, Pork...many different cuts and preparations of each.  When I first arrive at this restaurant, I find it hard to imagine how I could ever turn down another helping of such fine meat!  Then...about 3 pounds later...I think, oh my god I just ate more meat than I thought humanly possible.  And LOVED IT.

Texas de Brazil is an awesome restaurant with a very high-end feel and I give it my highest recommendation without any reservation.
This place was great.  Very friendly atmosphere and attentive service.  The servers just kept coming and you didn't have to wait too long if you needed something.  If they don't personally have what you're looking for, the server will go and look for the person who can deliver.

Don't forget to try out the Lobster Bisque... it is heaven.

Just make sure that you have enough room to chow down and enough time to really savor the meal.
Great experience!! The service was wonderful and the food was outstanding!! BTW our server was Bonnie :) She is the best!!!
AMAZING! I was skeptical about the high price and all you can eat steak. I have been to many buffets and many steakhouses and I have learned one true fact; you get what you pay for. 

I ate 5 fillets and they were each among the best I have ever had. Tender, juicy, and full of flavor, these fillets were outstanding. The hot and cold salad bar was full of choices. I am a meat and potatoes guy but my wife was thrilled with all the green and good for you stuff. My favorites were the mashed potatoe, the potatoes au gratin, and the sauted mushrooms. 

The service was spectacular! We really felt like we were taken care of. 

With the price as high as it is, this is truly a once in a while event, but oh what an event!
So darn glad we tried this place!!!!

We ate here for lunch and it was $36.99 per person. They told us that after 3:00 pm the cost for dinner is a but more so I was glad since we were trying it for the first time we got the lunch price.
They do offer lesser price for kids.

We started with the Salad Bar and I was very impressed with what they had to offer. I never heard of "Grilled Provolone" before and it was too tasty. So many options you wouldn't find at the usual buffet and so so so fresh. 

They gave us all our own "flip card" that you have turned to Red when you are eating and Green when you are ready for more. They brought us Garlic Filet, Bacon Wrapped Filet, Flank Steak, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Pork, Lamb, and Sausage.
They just keep bringing it to you until you are done. I can't believe for the price you get to keep eating such quality meats.

They brought during the meal some "Fried Bananas" to cleanse the palette in between trying the different meats. They also brought some "Garlic Mashed Potatoes" and some delicious little rolls.

We all had soda and they came in cute aluminum bottles. I kept 1 for my collection of coke stuff.

We didn't eat dessert because we were so stuffed from everything but I am sure it would have been tasty.

The inside looks kinda fancy but you don't have to dress up to go here.

The service was excellent and we are now hooked and will for sure be back again!
It's a little pricey, but well worth the extra $. Go for lunch on the weekends to save a couple of bucks. The salad bar is the best buffet in Las Vegas by far. Just remember to pace yourself and minimize the extraneous foods (salad, beer, etc.) to save maximum room for all the different meats. They're all delicious.
Last yr., my company had our Christmas party at Texas de Brazil. Wow what an experience. All you can eat meat, soup, salad and sides. The staff were very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.

I am not much of a meat eater but I had a GREAT time.  I love it so much, I celebrated my birthday w/them too. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK TEXAS DE BRAZIL!!!
Good overall. Wish some of the cuts were more rare and less slty. We had a large party and it was perfect for that.
A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
The staff is great.  Very attentive and friendly.  I had to flip my button thing over a few times saying I didn't want food - not because my stomach was full, but because the cooks were coming around too often.

I love the cheese bread.  I love the prime rib.  I love all the meat actually.  Unfortunately on this last trip all the meats were very salty.  I ended up stopping my meal a little earlier than usual because I just didn't want to taste the salt anymore.

I wish they had some "exotic" foods like rattlesnake, buffalo, ostrich, or something like that.

Now I know all-you-can-eat filet mignon isn't cheap, but the prices here are ridiculous.  I only ever bother coming if we have a half off coupon.
Texas de Brazil is the bomb! For about 45 bucks you can have AYCE brazilian steak and other delicious cuts of meat, as well as side and a gormet salad bar. They have an enormous wine selection and the staff is always friendly and helpful. If there is a certain meat that you want brought to your table, your waiter will always make sure that happens. Be sure to make reservations in advance though or you may be in for quite a wait during dinner
First ate at Via Brazil, and thought it was totally not worth it for the price, about $45-$50 after tax and tip. Everyone said Texas was better.

So I finally came here and the meats are negligibly better, but the salad bar is worse. They don't have carpaccio like via does, albeit not great carpaccio. The meats are ok but nothing great, but the service was awesome. I think it's because we had a large party that our server just stood in the corner of the small room we were in when we didn't need anything immediately.

Honestly, it just isn't worth it. For 60 bucks (post tax+tip) I could get a steak at Gordon Ramsay Steak. And I'd rather fill up on 1 good slab of meat than on 10 different mediocre pieces of meat.

They charge you a ridiculous price and it doesn't even include dessert. And at $8.25 a slice, the prices can't get any more absurd.

Even at 30 bucks, I'd rather go for all you can eat Korean BBQ or sushi. They just taste better and are half the price.

Oh and those cards they give you that tell them if you want more meat or not, just pretend they don't even exist. The servers come by and ask if you want it anyways.

I didn't plan to ever visit here after trying Via Brazil, but it was a friend's birthday and this was the choice spot. I don't plan to ever come here again even if for another friend's birthday. The price is over the top but the meat isn't borderline inedible and the service was good, so because of that I'd have to give it 2 stars.
What a great eating experience. The salad bar is awesome but the steaks are the main attraction. Lamb, bacon wrapped chicken, flank steak their special steak but my favorite is the filet mignon but not the one wrapped in bacon(takes away from the filet). So tender no knife is needed and melts in your mouth! Dinner is great and has more meats at $50 but lunch is a better value at about 1/2 the price.
An endless parade of perfectly charbroiled meat on skewers and carved table side. If that weren't enough they have an extensive salad bar with lobster bisque, charcuterie sushi, and salad (if you must). I must also mention the cheese rolls. speaking of rolls, be prepared to be rolled out of there after you have eaten roughly your body weight in filet minion, beef ribs, and flank steak. Worth the short drive from the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Excellent quality and excellent customer service. Wow!!  I will return.
The salad bar is fresh and delicious, if you can't say no to meat prepare of the meat sweats, although the meats are fabulous. Definitely a must on the Vegas list.
Rex Marvin is nothing if not a hard working fellow.  There is proof to back that statement. Among the other things you know about Rex, there was the 4 years Rex spent artificially inseminating cows in Japan...the wear and tear on your soul...and your hips...is hard work. Those cows are insatiable. There was the 2 years Rex spent working on that giant tug boat...Kirstie Alley. There is a many years of standing on street corners around this great country teaching everyone how to be awesome or how to bleed from their forehead...whatever they wanted. There are dice game organizer, rat trapper, trap ratter (hard to explain), mobile lab set up man, Andre The Giant's personal bartender, hand rolling tampons in Indonesia...and much, much more. Rex works hard for his money.  When Rex goes out to eat Rex wants tastes. Rex wants value. Rex wants it all. (Much like the Nigerians want from Rex when he sends out those emails...but Rex nevers gives ALL the banking information. By the way, all of you are entitled to 5 million dollars if you just send Rex 10,000 for bank fees and all of your banking information. Trust Rex...if you dare.)  So it stands to reason that such a good, honest, hardworking Rex would love a great buffet.   He has tried them all. Has some good experiences.  Texas De Brazil, no matter what  you call it, IS a glorified buffett.  Rex has been there many times.

The first few times Rex went to Texas De Brazil the large selection and the never ending meat (just like Rex's pants) made him dizzy (just like Rex did for Ms. Alley...that and 10lbs of Kit Kats).  Rex was blinded by the dizzying, gut busting, array of food. If asked 1 year ago Rex would have given it a 5 out of 5.  Rex can't do that anymore, something he told his Japanese overlords after a 52 day inseminating spree fuelled by roofies, sake and viagra. (Note...those cows take a LOT of roofies even Rex's homemade Mento/gas/ammonia/gunpowder kind!)

Lets start with the least annoying issue...the inconsistent meat. Much like those lovely cows...all meat has it's own issues and qualities. (Rex KNOWS cows...more than any man should...and a lot of cows know Rex...so trust Rex...if you dare.) Sometimes the temperatures won't be right or some meat will be a little tougher or grainier than others. Rex understands that. It is a volume business, it isn't Kobe beef...it is good cuts but not great. You won't get amazing cuts for 50 bucks all you can eat. In this case though...you should...and why...

...bigger issue...the sides all seem (or are) store bought. For example, the manager told us that the mozzarella balls are bought from one of their vendors. Right down the road is a deli Rex has recommended here (Cuginos)...that makes their own. Making your own mozzarella isn't all that hard. Rex has done it. This is an "upscale" or "high end" buffet...they could make their own sides. Rex will also bet all of his sweet memories with Bessie the brown cow...that the lobster bisque and at least half the sides are bought pre-made. The more Rex see's it and tastes it, it is ALWAYS the same. There is very little deviation in the flavor profile that says either the consistency is truly spectacular, or it is made somewhere else and brought in. Plus, if you aren't making your own mozzarella, which is easy, you aren't making a decent and consistently consistent lobster bisque which is harder...much harder. Especially when the meat and chicken is NEVER consistent. 

Third problem...is the service. I am not just talking about servers that bring the meat and sometimes just grunt at you. I am talking about your waiter or waitress that often times sit you at your seat and sometimes never sees you again until you ask for the check. Rex is talking about the water service that often seems painfully slow or smothering.   It is just all very inconsistent. 

Rex doesn't want to bash it too badly. When done well, and it is hit and miss, Texas De Brazil IS GOOD bordering on very, very good. If you don't mind the premade brought in side dishes, then you are fine. For me...I wish they cooked more and bought less. If crappy downtown buffets can make their food...so can a place charging at least 35 for lunch and 50 for dinner!

The cows...and the ladies know...more is better...and Sexy Rexy gives them more than they can handle (if 2.3 inches is more than they can handle for 8 seconds.) For food...more is better is not always true.
I was recommended here by my friend/my evo technician. He suggested I go here when I'm in Vegas. I decided to go here since I have a free birthday meal. 

The meats were good, I especially LOVED the parm. chicken. the meat was oh-so-flavorful! my bf loved the bacon wrapped chicken. they had beef, chicken, lamb, pork, but they do have sausage.

The banana cinnamon thing was yum! It tasted like a Cinnabon cinnamon roll without the cream cheese frosting but with bananas!

I'm pretty sure we will come back.

And if you see this Mauricio, thanks for recommending this place!

They are faced across Mandalay Bay. (I drove around and around that stupid small plaza looking for it)
My husband and I really enjoyed our meal here. As previous reviewers have said, the salad bar is amazing, much more than just salad. One very Brazilian item and a personal favorite of mine is the hearts of palm. They really are hearts of a palm tree, slightly pickled and very tender. 

They also have cauldrons with different soups, and the national dish of Brazil which is called 'Feijoada'. Feijoada is basically a black bean stew with different kinds of meats, typically spooned over a scoop of white rice. Very savory.

I believe the entree, though it is all you can eat, is a bit overpriced, but the food was good, the service was fine and I'd definitely come back here.
The best brazilian steakhouse in the U.S. in my opinion!! I first went to Texas de Brazil in Chicago and I absolutely loved it. I also went 3 times to the Las Vegas restaurant and the quality is just as amazing as the one in Chicago. Food is very good, well presented, the salad bar has a lot of variety, the rice and beans are very well done and the BBQ is just right! The papaya and cassis and the flan desserts are the best! Everything is awesome in this restaurant. I am giving only 4 stars because I miss the chicken hearts. I true brazilian restaurant would serve chicken hearts as part of the BBQ menu. Other than that, this place rocks! I wish we had one here in Northern California!! I'd go there all the time!
MEAT LOVERS GALORE!! a place to definitely satisfy your inner carnivorous nature 

A couple friends and I ventured off of the strip to try this place out, heard of it through my baby cousin who goes to UNLV! 

Compared to NY prices, this place was a steal. it was 35$ for all you can eat lunch (in NY its 65$). AND IT TASTED SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE NY ONE!

Servers here are thebomb.com, super helpful and always asked if we wanted to request anything + how we liked our meat to be cooked. Can't get any better than that!!! customization to its finest :-) especially for an all you can eat place where you usually get what you're given. 

Recommendations: 
skip the salad bar, just eat the meat!! good selection though if you can eat that much... prosciutto 

only go to the salad bar to get your DIPPING SAUCES for the meat!! DONT FORGET THE THIS! 

sirloin- BEST SIRLOIN ever! perfectly medium rare, juicy- melt in your mouth sirloin:-)
lamb racks- I could not stop eating these, SO good! perfectly cooked and marinated and no gamey- taste to it. 

CHEESE BALLS! - as good as these are, try not to eat more than 2... you will ruin your appetite for MEAT! which, you know, is the main attraction.

FIVE STARS:
for excellent service
for food
for atmosphere + cleanliness
for price
for being in vegas. not on the strip. :-)
Was in town for a basketball tournament and our team decided to have a team dinner here this year which turned out to be a good call for a bunch of carnivores.

Great ambiance.  Walked through the doors and felt the classiness of the restaurant.  Bar was a good size to wait for your table and watch some games (especially if you had a parlay card still alive).  Separate rooms for private parties.  We had a party of 14 so gratuity was automatically included (18%).  Started off with some of the best lobster bisque I've ever had in my life!  Went back for 3 bowls!  Never had couscous until here and that was also very delicious (had it today at souplantation for lunch and theirs was dry).  

The meat was great.  Filet, Flank, Top Sirloin, Bottom Sirloin, Garlic Sirloin, Garlic Chicken, Veal and others were part of the selection.  Service was fast and great.  Sometimes too fast.  Reason why i said that is because i flipped over my card to say "No Thanks" for no more meat but they kept coming by and ask if i wanted Top Sirloin.  I know they are just doing their job but i had my card flipped.  The funny thing was though is that it was only Top Sirloin and not Flank or Filet.  A gentleman did come by and did ask me personally if i was waiting for something in particular and it did eventually come.

One thing that i have to note that didn't bother me because i was with a bunch of guys was the noise.  Apparently, a man was complaining to management that him and his date was pissed off at the table next to them which was loud.  it so happen to be that the table next to them was a bachelor party.  So to note, it can be loud and you can be next to a bachelor/bachelorette party which can happen anywhere in Vegas.

Overall,  awesome place.  This place is like a 4.8/5 stars.
Best Churrascaria I have ever been to, including its namesake coutnerpart in Chicago. Only downside is no fountain sodas, so when you order, you get your small bottle and that's it. No refills. Not that you want refills anyway as it would take valuable real estate in your stomach. :)
I loved this place, went here for my birthday had reservations, took about 15 minutes to be seated. Service was great, salad bar was great! Meat was great. BUTTTT the desert was not so great, they put cinnamon in the creme brulee which i was not to fond over. But i still give it 5 stars!
Went to this place to celebrate my birthday with my wife and my 5 year old daughter and everything was great when it came to the food. The meats are well seasoned and done to taste great. The drinks and the side items were real good as well. Everything was great but it could have been perfect if I had not been charged full price for my 5 yr old when the TDB website clearly states that children 3-5 are only $5. That and the fact I do not like to argue over a check when I have the money to pay was the only reason why I gave this a 4 star rating when it could have easily been a 5+. Overall I would definitely say that I will return and hope that all wait staff are trained properly on the pricing per age, I'm sure my 5 year old can eat a lot but nothing compared to the appetite of a adult.
Probably the best restaurant I have ever eaten at. The meat is so tasty, cooked to perfection. The mash potato's are amazing (would love the recipe to recreate!). The brazilian dough balls are sensational......not only that but even the salad bar is good! I love the unlimited exceptional quality food, lobster bisque is brilliant......I always feel like ive eaten too much after, but it really is sensational stuff, pricey, but worth it.
Not as good as Fogo de Chao, not in terms of food quality nor service.
It's still decent, and I'd go back there, but given the choice between the two, there's no contest in my mind.

Still - slight edge to Texas for a more diverse salad bar, and more desert selections.  But, you came here to eat meat, right?
I came here last December for a birthday dinner and I fell in love. I have been to Brazilian steakhouses in CA but this one in Vegas stands out and the price is less than the Agora. Service was decent and the food just kept coming. I am a carnivore so this place makes me drool. The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly just the way I like it. 

Basically it's an AYCE meat place and they will bring it to you. =P
Excellent!  All the meat you can eat!  We had an awesome waiter!  I had been to a Brazilian steak house in San Fran but this one was way better.  I went with my husband and our friends and this was there first time.  Everyone enjoyed themselves.  We went last Thursday and they were packed!  Very busy, make sure to make reservations.  I did it on line at their web site.
I freaking love Rodizio Style Brazillian Churrasco! Texas de Brazil is tasty and the service is phenomenal. Don't overload on the orgasmic cheese bread or the freshtastic sides because the MEAT is where it's at! My favorites are the bacon wrapped filet, flank, and the ribs.

The only downside to this spot is that they don't do the rodizio pineapple that they have at most other Brazillian bbq spots and the fried banana is soft all the way through instead of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Those things are minor in the grand scheme of things.

This is a great spot for a large group, or just for a date. The ambience justifies the price. If you're looking for a less trendy rodizio experience check out YOLIES on Paradise. That place is LEGIT!
I like meat. I like red meat. And I love TdB! I can never eat a huge chunk/slab/filet of meat on my own. So the fact that the gauchos come around slicing a piece of perfectly roasted sirloin or Brazilian sausage or even pork is perfect to me. Combined with their huge salad bar with over 50 choices and the rice....touched with a saltiness and herbs that I can't describe. It's just all delicious!

It is approximately $50 per person for dinner but imagine dining at a regular steak house for one appetizer and one entree. You would pay just about the same for a premium slab of meat so why not do a buffet. You get variety of fresh meats and veggies.

Just don't forget to fill up on their cheese bread! I would order take out on just that with it's warm cheesy ooey gooeyness (and I have).
I've loved this place since the first time we tried it. Sure, it's expensive. Sure, the waitstaff tend to sneer at you when your group has a coupon. But the meat is always good (if a little on the salty side) and the salad bar? I can't rave enough about it.

So let's break it down:

Without going into a whole lot of detail, whenever we eat there, we get sick. Like, HURRY home sick. So we don't go there anymore, which makes me sad. I wish I could figure out what it is that makes us so sick because I would just avoid that one thing and enjoy everything else.

It's very sad-making.

Also, avoid going for lunch. The service isn't anywhere NEAR as good as dinner and there are no free refills for drinks. Additionally, the selection of meats seems to be reheated from the previous night.
zen was my waiter and he made my 1st visit to VEGAS AWESOME great service boss and from the bay area all the was to where ever the _#&% your located the place is very well put together and the hostess trying to destroy the experience sucks; the bartender was super awesome believe me she was super cool. the meat is all that one could ever ask for definitely a atmosphere worth the price
If you're a carnivore, come hungry. 

First time for lunch, before it has always been for dinner! 
Had  the lobster bisque, tasty, but I have had better, one that has lobster meat and  that didn't taste so salty. 
That seems to be the theme here, especially on the meat. 

The salad bar is outstanding, all the great things you love in salads but don't always splurge on them. Roasted peppers, caper berries, blanched asparagus, a variety of mixed salads & Imported cheeses and meats. All delicious!

Now onto the meat, the great thing, is you can experience all the flavors of tender juiciness with just small bites. You can tell the gauchos to cut a thin piece for you and they will... 

My favorite is the top sirloin, this is what they are known for, followed by the flank steak. Yes, they make it tender. Lamb chop - cooked perfectly, BBQ pork rib great... 
The parmesan chicken looked good, but I did not want to fill out on chicken or sausage. 
Sides of garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed bananas are included... 

For dessert we ordered Key Lime pie and Chocolate Mousse cake, unfortunately these are not made daily, and you can tell it had been frozen. 

Service is great, atmosphere is nice and food is good! You don't leave hungry, and trust me after eating there for lunch... no dinner tonight...
Can't believe I have never written a review for TdB.  I have been here many times...whenever the craving hits for "red meat super coma".  This is a great "guy's night out" even though the ladies usually don't mind some meat coma.  But let's face it, this is most guy's dinner wish.

The setting is very nice and classy...feels like you need to be dressed up, but it doesn't seem like they push the dress code much here.  Service is excellent, with a main server to do drinks and to bring over specific requests.  The rest of the meat cutters move table to table to lavish your plate with excellent cuts and super tasty treats.

There is a very large salad bar area that you can attack...I usually just hit the cheeses and misc to add to the wine selection or tidbits to fill in between the meats.

I won't go into each and every cut, but I will name off a few of my favorites.  The filet mignon with and without bacon...no idea why, but I feel baconless tastes better??  And I am a huge bacon fan...maybe it is in my head.  The lamb is also super tender and tasty...and the house/top sirloin cut is also amazing...especially when you get the end pieces!  I also really enjoy the sausages...very yummy.

Can't beat the potatoes and the fried bananas too!  I never have room for dessert, so the bananas are a nice touch.

You simply can't beat this place if you have the BOGO or % off coupons...this is a super deal even at face value.  

Can't go wrong!
MEAT.
ON. 
SWORDS.

Everything should be delivered on a sword. I'd eat salad if it came on a sword.
The best brazilian Steakplace in town!
Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday. It is the second time I've ever gone to a brazillian bbq.

I was thinking there was a dress code for this place, but my friend who has been here a few times said there isn't one and a lot of people just come dressed casually so we did the same as well. 

The food overall was good, I stay away from anything pork and lamb so I cannot make comments about those dishes, but my friends all seemed to have loved it all. I tried all the other meat dishes and loved every one of them, I didn't taste something I didn't like. The filet mignon were all tender and juicy, the top sirlion's were also really good, I got as many of this as possible to fill my plate. I actually think my table cleaned out the guy who had the top sirlion each time he came over. 

The salad bar had a lot of neat small appetizers and such, but I would stay away from it and just stick to the meats. Some small stuff won't hurt, but you don't want to end up eating a bunch of things from the salad bar and not have any room for the meats! 

The service was amazing but this was the first time that I believe a few of us came and we didn't know that the BOGO was one per table and two of them had the deal. So it was reduced but we were a little bummed it wasn't much cheaper because of what we expected. Also, we didn't know that the drinks cost for each individual one, one of my friends got pineapple juice which came in a small can but he thought it was unlimited with the cost of one, turned out to be just $20 for the pineapple juice. Be careful when you order drinks, if you're expecting unlimited refills, it's not. Stick with the water. 

They don't have grilled pineapple though, which made me a little sad.
This place is great for the inner VELOCIRAPTOR in all if us! It's a flat rate for various specials but most include you getting up and toying with the EXCELLENT salad bar (not just salad but also cheeses, spiced meats, etc...) but do yourself a favor and WAIT/PASS on the salad bar.
Texas de Brazil was my first Brazilian-BBQ style restaurant. According to my "amigos" you flip the coaster-sized marker that is green on one side and red on the opposite side. GREEN means BRING ME MORE F*KN MEAT! RED means I'M GOING TO DIE! STOP BRINGING ME MEAT JERKS! The service will bring out huge skewers of beef, pork, chicken, lamb, meats stuffed with cheese, gorilla, human meat, etc... All spiced or marinated differently.
Whatever your heart desires!
My wife and I probably go here once every couple of months.  You can definitely get tired of meat, and the salt is a little much.  Both of us will feel it the next day.  However, the food is the best of the Brazilian steak houses, and it has the best atmosphere to.  The place in Summerlin used to have a better salad bar area, but worse meats, but they've changed all of the salad bar stuff.  I think business at the summerlin one is struggling and that hurts their quality.

This place does a good business which keeps the quality and consistency the best.
I would NEVER pay full price and come here.. I will however come with a BOGO coupon eat happily and leave satisfied but maybe that's because I'm not much of a meat eater... So remember to sign up for their mailing list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your birthday & anniversary~ and if you just go on any other day make sure to at least get a coupon for a free dessert! 

I always make the mistake of getting full at the salad bar with their lobster bisque, cheese, veggies, etc... OH & their cheese bread, oh man, once you pop you can't stop. As for their meat I think the quality is just OK nothing really stood out to me or melted in my mouth but I really do like the fun interactive concept with the gauchos walking around~ 

Con: they serve their soda in those individual little mini bottles which means no refills.. Boo!
One of the BEST Brazilian BBQ places I have EVER BEEN TOO!  They have a great salad bar, the meat selection is fantastic!  Only downer is that I didn't have enough time to sample everything because of the HUGE variety that the offered.  Which is good, so I have to go back again and again!
I went to this place for the first time and I am impressed. Good quality, friendly servers, food is delicious. Must must must!!!
What would you pay for a good steak?  $30?  $50?  $100?  Texas de Brazil gives you not only an incredible value for a great meal, but you are given what feels like hundreds of dollars of food for less than $50.

An average of 14 various cuts of meat are hand delivered to your table for as long as you want.  It is a buffet where the food is delivered to you.  Take as much or as little as you want.

Add in what I can only be called a "salad bar" filled with various fresh and cooked vegetables, soups, breads and cheeses, and the value goes up.

Just being a great value for the amount of food can be accomplished by any buffet, but the food is phenomenal, the staff is helpful and attentive, and the atmosphere while loud is quiet and pleasant so you can easily talk at your table.

If you are a steak lover, you have no reason to not go.
This is it!    Wow what a great meal!

Was looking for a good place not in the casinos and this place delivered big time.

Food: 9.5/10
Fantastic selection and flavors were great.
Lobster bisque was exceptional

Service: 10/10
At tentative, pleasant and everyone was on point.   Felipe was great.

Cleanliness: 9.5/10
No problems at all

Restrooms: 10/10 as found 9.5/10
Really nice.  Clean just a few water drips by sink but excellent overall.

Parking: 9/10
Nice big lot

Overall: 10/10
Way above average in all regards.  I will be returning each time I visit vegas.
An expensive way to ruin my sons Birthday. Not to many complaints about the restaurant in terms of the way it is put together ......high class in terms of fittings etc. Food was way to salty they salted everything and completely over powering even this I could of forgiven the big issue was the server. My son had travelled from the UK with his girlfriend , I drove over from California to celebrate his 22nd Birthday. Upon sitting down Eric (server) requested my son's and his girlfriends ID. MY son handed over his passport and his girlfriend her UK Driving License. He totally rejected the UK Driving license and abruptly stated that she would not be able to order an alcoholic drink. I protested however he didn't want to discuss and he left. To toast my sons birthday I poured a small amount of Sangria into her empty water glass however Eric spotted this and came over and promptly removed the glass. Within 5 minutes received the check, no request if we would like Desert or Coffee just put the check down and walked off. Really bad  attitude and completely ruined the evening. Just as a point of reference my sons girlfriend used her UK license through out her 6 days in Vegas and never had an issue. There are much better ways of spending $75.00 a head
The cuts of meat might be slightly better than Fogo (especially the lamb) but the down fall to this place are the caipirinhas. They make them here with fruit puree or concentrate instead of fresh fruit. Still a great meal and time, but if you are looking to place emphasis on the drink menu this is not the place, you will taste the difference.
By far the best of the "meat houses".  Pretty pricey, but great service.  Also, the sides and salads beat the heck out of the other Brazilian places.
My bf brought me here for my bday and I also received my free meal from TDB because I was signed up with their e-newsletter so that saved us $46.99 (so he was pretty lucky that I knew we were going here cause he couldn't keep his mouth shut, lol!!).

The inside was unexpected, it looked like a place I wanted to live in as far as the decor goes. Really awesome and beautiful.

Our first time here and wow, I was in love with the salad bar. IMO, a LOT BETTER than Fogo de Chao. Seemed like a lot more selection and it was constantly being filled back up so everything is always fresh. 

Our waitress was super friendly and awesome. She explained how everything works and always checked on us to make sure everything was good and if we needed anything.

I didn't get to eat all of their meat selection but the ones I did eat were really good. I especially loved the brazilian sausage and chicken. I'm sensitive to salt so some of the items were too salty for me. I think next time I may just ask if they can get me a plate of all their meat wo their salt rub. 

I also went and bought their great holiday gift card deals to come back during xmas. It was $100 for $125 gift card so I bought 3 of them. Enough to feed 6 people including desserts and drinks! Definitely excited to come back here in a couple weeks.
It has been said that there are only two Brazilian Steakhouses in Vegas worth going to.  This is of course correct...and Texas de Brazil is one of them.

I give them 5 stars as a Brazilian Steakhouse easily.  To be fair though, there is better steak available in Vegas at this price--just not all-you-can-eat!

Texas de Brazil does a solid job with their meats.  Their steaks are seasoned and cooked soundly and they put forth a good quality for the price, not just the AYCE standard.  Any fan of meat will be pleased with the great balance of quality and amount of what you are getting for this price!

One of the areas that Texas de Brazil outshines some of the other Brazilian Steakhouses though is in the salad bar...lobster bisque?...yes please!  The salad bar is a mini buffet of salads and great sides!  I know people that happily come here for the salad bar (it is cheaper just to do the salad bar)...though that doesn't make sense to me.

Texas de Brazil also has a nice wine list with some exception bottles in the $40 - $60 range.  Lots of good value here!...especially in malbecs, other South American varieties, and some Spanish bottles.

Don't come here for the best steak around, but do come here when you want a lot of really good steak!
Watch your fingers!!! My friends and I went to this restaurant expecting great food and great service. I have to admit the food was good, but the management at the restaurant was absolutely terrible! One of the servers cut my friend's finger with a knife. They were initially apologetic, however, when the manager came out he was the most ridiculous person I've ever met. He stated he would not comp the meal because the "cut was not that big" despite the blood soaked napkin my friend had on the table that suggested otherwise. He was unable to define how large the cut needed to be before he was willing to pay for the meal. He then began arguing with my friend as she was upset with the way he handled the situation. This place may have decent food, but this by far was MY WORST EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS!!!
Amazing!!!! Beef ribs and flank steak is soooooo delicious!!! I wouldn't normally order those 2 meats at other places but its a must have here at Texas de brazil!! I just love the seasoning on the flank and the beef ribs are so tender!! Mash potatoes are yummy! The salad bar is more than a salad bar, you get so much out of it. Definitely coming back here again. Oh and make sure you come hungry!!
Loved this place!! Loved the salad/sides bar, great choices. I loved the different meats being served table side. The only bad thing I found was that the temperature of the different meats seemed to vary. Some meats would be piping hot, others warm, others too cool. My favorite was the pork tenderloin, which surprised me. My husband and I ate here on a whim, we're new to the area, and were actually looking for Claim Jumper. :P The downfall to that, was the 45 minute wait. We sat in the bar area, and I had one of their specialty drinks, that was so small, I think I finished it in maybe 2 minutes or less. I wouldn't bother with it again. I would suggest making a reservation if you can to minimize wait time.
Some of my favorites from the salad bar are, the grape and gorgonzola salad, goat cheese, basket of crispy bacon, buttery white rice, fresh tomato slices piled high, and the blue cheese dressing is devine.
Definite perks, they offer a 15% MILITARY DISCOUNT, which my husband and I really appreciate. They also have an email club, which provides valuable coupons when you sign up and for your birthday.
I signed up for their e-club and got myself a buy one get one offer for my birthday. It's $46.99 per person (dinner) so this coupon was a MUST use for me and my buddy. We were seated by the salad area so everything was easy access for us. We tried every meat that has past our table (might have missed some). ALL of the steaks tasted like an orgasm in our mouths! Kidding! Seriously,  great food all over and great service. Our server, Bonnie was GREAT as well!

TdB keep it up!
Went there for dinner Thursday night. Collectively the entire staff gave me the worst experience I have had eating out. As i entered, The hostess didn't even acknowledge me, the bartender ran out of menus and told me to go get one for the host, the manager told me their food is expensive and it costs $45 per plate. Took me about 15 minutes just to get my first drink. Had the food been good, I would've been satisfied that the food would've compensated for the lousy service- it was not. 

Never ever will I go here and I will advise everyone I know not to as well.

Avoid!!
This place has an amazing salad bar and the meat is great when the restaurant is busy and you request an inside cut of meat.  The outside cut is eXtremely salty and virtually uneatable.  Enroll in the online club and its worth the money.

I like it, but without the coupons I would not eat there more than once every couple years...
2nd time i ate here. made reservations for sun evening. table was ready upon arrival.
1st time a friend took me here to try it out. it's a typical brazilian bbq meat place. all sorts of meat cuts. bonus is to try all the different meats offered and then have additional servings of your fav(s). the down-size is beverages and desserts are not included. dinner price per person is around $48. if you're creative, sign up for their bday e-club. BOGO helped. we used the coupon on this trip.
the lobster bisque soup was yum!
we ordered dessert. i had the key lime pie. which had the right amount of citrus-lime combo after a heavy protein meal. friend ordered creme brulee. her dessert was disappointing. they used artificial vanilla flav. there were no vanilla bean seeds in the cream.
the soup and salad bar is included but dont fill up on rabbit food. you've come here to grind on meat. THINK CARNIVORE when you come here! definitely will return to TdB
Ok 5 stars easy with the caveat that this is my first Brazilian BBq ever! It was DELICIOUS. Great service with kind explanations about how the food is served. First we were off to the salad bar. A+ for uniqueness, cauliflower salad, grape salad, fejoada (the ubiquitous rice and beans of Brazil), quinoa salad, goat cheese, nutty manchego cheese and prosciutto, and on and on delicious little tapas~like bits of food in large quantities. One could easily stop right there, and probably should, but no, don't! save room, the best is yet to come. Lamb, top round, flank steak, chicken two ways, and sausage come fragrantly sizzling 'round to your table. Tender, flavorful, and very nicely seasoned. Mashed potatoes (blah after all the salad bar offerings but fine) and fried bananas to the table. Cocktails selection was nicely explained and my caipirinha was given a light pour on the cachaca since it was lunchtime and I was driving, and great coconut flavor with many other flavors available. The atmosphere was romantic with it's high oxblood red ceilings and heavy beams. I would definitely visit again when protein cravings strike!
Good-mother-of-god meat from the sky!

I wish I was the star of my own documentary that would chronicle how fat I could get from eating here everyday.  Texas-de-Brazil-size Me!

I have to "carve" a whole day out of a Vegas trip to dedicate to this place.  You have to.  There's no way you're getting drunk, going to the club, or even dragging you heart-defibrillator needing behind to a blackjack table after a night at T-de-B. 

Also, they are very accommodating to large parties with advanced notice.  I went with a group of about 16-20 once.
Fantastic!!!  Every time I eat here I feel like i am going to explode when i leave.
Wow, this place is amazing. Ate here today and I was amazed by how pretty the place looked and the food was awesome! Definitely a carnivore's paradise :) they go around with skewered meats and they were perfectly cooked (med rare) and omg their salad bar was incredible! So much choices, all food seem fresh. And oh yeah, our server was so professional, very attentive, I believe his name was Raphael. Thank u for ur awesome service, definitely going back again just coz I received great service n of course the food was delicious :D
I came here for one of my birthday celebrations because if you sign up for their newsletter your birthday dinner is free! I would suggest signing up at least a month in advance to make sure you get your free offer. My husband and my brother came along for dinner. My brother who has never been here or anything like this was amazed! He was an awe the whole evening...I thought he was funny. When I come here I typically just stick to the red meats and lamb because I can always have chicken. The salad bar was still delicious but don't forget your dipping sauces that are also located there. I would suggest ordering the ice tea (free refills) and it doesn't make you full fast like a soda. They also give military discounts!
Skip the bread, skip the potatoes, skip the fried bananas, go directly to the meat. It's fun to see how many different animals you can eat in one setting. 


Noon - 3 on Friday the price is around $25. You can't beat it!
I went there last year in January when I was visiting Las Vegas. I have been to Brazilian Rodizos here where I live but Texas De Brazil I would have to say is my favorite. Love the cheese in the buffet, and the pan de queso also love the maracuya alcaholic drink. Hella cook. The meats are good too and it will fill you up. Can't wait to go back next time I go to Las Vegas!!
People are not kidding around about this place!  It is a crazy experience to have meat carted around you on a sword and then cut to order.  I loved every minute of it and the minutes went by very quickly as I became full in about 20 minutes.  That might've had something to do with us sitting at a table right by the ktichen where the food was coming out.  First Served!  Flank Steak, Pork Tenderloin, Filet, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Beef Ribs.  All of it so delicously seasoned and mouth-watering.  I couldn't believe how good some of this food was.  And they do not stop bringing it to you until they see the meat sweats coming down your forehead.

I have lived in Henderson for over 5 years and always thought this place was too pricey.  My brother was in town for his Bachelor Party and was insistent on going.  My wife and I sucked it up and paid the price and boy, was it worth it!  The service was top notch and, as I mentioned about, so was the food.  My only critique is that the "Salad Bar" wasn't everything others had made it out to be.  It was more like a "Side Bar" and there really wasn't much in the way of salad/toppings.  That may seem silly but when you're stuffing red meat down your gullet, you want some salad to take away some of the pain.  

A great place that I can't wait to go back to.  Very delicious food and they have a club you can join to get offers in the mail/e-mail to take away some of the financial sting.
First timer. Went here for my anniversary. Loved everything about it. Our waiter told us how everything works. She recommended a delish cocktail that wasn't on the menu. And then we started. We didn't fill up our plates with the salad bar because we wanted to save for the meat. Lobster bisque was so good! I loved the garlic taste in the mash potatoes. I tried the spicy tuna roll, cucumber salad, shrimp salad, potatoes au gratin, smoked salmon. Let's just say I tested everything and it was all so good. All the meats were so juicy and tender. Don't be afraid to tell them how you like the meat prepared. They have it all! We had such a nice anniversary dinner. 
We were so full, we couldn't even eat dessert. And that never happens! There is something different  about a full stomach of meat though lol  
 I'm not much of a meat eater, but this is place you definitely have to try once! Pricey, but not as bad as I imagined. I mean common you are getting unlimited meat! For 2, one cocktail, and a military discount, we spent 120 including tip. Sign up for there mailing list, and they send you coupons and discounts.
I am hooked on this terrific restaurant!  I went for my wedding anniversary last year, then I had to go for my birthday!  I am planning on going again for my wedding anniversary this Valentine's day!  The service is wonderful!  The food is 5 star!  Worth every penny!  Make sure you go with an empty stomach and stretchy pants!
Hate to drop the review, but either I came on a bad night, or the service and cooking quality is going down.

Let's start with service...

We had a decent sized party (not too big though), and it seemed like we were getting ignored by the meat servers.  We kept getting the same guy bringing the parm chicken and lamb chops, but where are the other meat choices??  I did not get offered filet mignon with bacon the ENTIRE night.

I asked the server if they still offered it, which he said they did, and would have it right over.  It took almost 20min for the server to come back and check on me, and they still didn't show up.  Another 10min later, I finally get it.  That's right, almost a half hour...not counting the normal dinner time of not seeing it.

Now the meats....

Almost everything was undercooked or overcooked.  They would bring over top sirloin for instance, telling me it is medium to medium rare (which is perfect for me), but when they cut it, I get a bloody rare.  I can eat around the edges, but left a lot of the super rare meat on my plate.  Lots of other meats came out well done...most had no pink in the middle at all.

The icing on the cake was the fact that we were gonna go try the "other" place...the one that rhymes with "Bogo" LOL, and the friends in charge changed last minute...a big disappointment for sure
I have often heard the tales of the Brazilian Steakhouse where delicious meats are brought to your table and carved off of a Skewer onto your plate and now I can confirm these legends are true.

We came for lunch today after a few days of business meetings, located off the strip but only about 10 minutes away.  The buliding was large and beautifully decorated. Bright and roomy with lots of natural lighting and dark wood tables.  To begin your meal you can induldge in a wonderful 60 item salad bar which included among other things: cubes of smoked salmon, shrimp, proscuito, sliced parmesan, crunchy bacon and a myriad of other delicious items. 

Lunch also includes small cheesy bread balls, garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas. Then when you turn your two sided two colored placard over from red to green the feast begins!

We were served: flank steak, a house special sirloin, garlic sirloin, fillet, bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan chicken, bacom wrapped chicken and possibly some other items that I cant remember :)

Most of the meats were flavorful and delicious.  You may have as much as you want and fresh cuts of meat are constantly brought out, basically it is a grand feast!

Lunch was about $25 and was a bargain since the same foods are served at dinner for $50.  I highly reccomend trying this delicious entertaining feast.
This place is a shadow of its former self. When it first open I was in love. I brought all my friends and a family and was a strong advocator of the great quality of meat and flavor they had to offer.Now the meat tastes like bad vons brand and the only you will taste (and continue to taste long after you leave) is salt. i love salt but i couldn't eat anymore after a while. Not because of how full I was but because my tongue hurt from all the sodium. I really thought this was a fluke because this place was it for me but alas they still suck this hard 3 times later. i guess we have to part ways Texas de Brazil. And it definitely is you not me :(
If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, please make this one your first visit. The concept is simple: 
   1. Before they serve you the main course, you get to enjoy a huge salad bar. 
   2. Once you're done gorging on the salad bar, you flip your table card from red to green and you are served an endless variety of meats from waiters walking the floor.

Every time I go to Texas de Brazil, they consistently have their meats cooked perfectly. I try not to over eat on the salad bar that serves a wide variety of items from Sushi, smoked salmon to your traditional salad items. The last thing I want to do is fill up on veggies and miss out on all the meaty selections. My favorites: filet mignon, flank steak, sirloin and lamb (might as well get my money's worth on the expensive cuts of meat). 

And of course, they have an excellent variety of desserts. 

ProTip: Sign up for the newsletter and you receive buy one, get one free on your birthday.
Okay...you see the rating.  Here's my review.  

Came here to eat last night for one reason...MEAT!!!  With Lent just around the corner, I had only a couple of days before my T-Rex eating days were over for the next 6 weeks.  My date was also excited since there was a 1 1/2 hour wait.  Say What?? She felt that if the wait was that long, the food must be to die for. Well, she was almost right.  I wanted to die after I ate the food. 

First of all, I've been to just two other Brazilian Steakhouses.  One was in Niagra Falls (can't remember the name because of Mr. Captain Morgan) and the other was Rei De Gado in San Diego.  Both choices were excellent, worth bragging about, and worth the price.  This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil.  I was excited since it's been close to 4 years since my last AYCE meat event.  Not going to describe each item, but I basically got their 2 chicken choices (Parmesan chicken and bacon wrapped chicken breast) and all their red meat selections, including the filet.  I was disappointed because everything was overcooked and salty.  I thought that it may have been the first batch so I got seconds.  Remember, my favorite food is seconds.  Again, dry and salty.  Their Lobster Bisque didn't have pieces of lobster in it. Bisque must mean "Lobster in Spirit" I guess. The meats were so salty, that the salad bar started to look sexy.  And they know it. 


The Good:
-Excellent service:  Pedro is the bestest.  Always asking us how we're doing.  We lied and told him everything was great.  Didn't want to hurt his feelings.  Besides, I was too full of sodium to complain. He still received a good tip because it's not his fault that the food was awful.
-Every server was great.  Keep it on green and they are at your table every 3 minutes with food.  Put it on red to put a stop to the madness.  We had it on red most of the night. 
-The salmon, cheese, and crackers were the highlight.  
-Carrot Cake:  Worth the additional $13
-The glass of water (Yes, I said glass of water)

If I had to rate them just on service alone, they'd get 5 stars easy.  But for $150 for two, salty dry steaks is not my thing.  Where are you Ruth Chris?  I'm coming for you when I'm back in San Diego.  Oops..after Lent that is.
The first time I came here I thought this place was EFFFFIN phenomenal!!  Though this is truly a meatlover's paradise, the salad bar itself is enough to knock your socks off.  We got a prime table in the middle of the action.  ALL the meats were absolutely delicious.  We had zero complaints.

The second time I came here we were sat in the very back in an almost separate room.  I feel like they sat us back there and then forgot about us.  The sad part was that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our half-year anniversary. LOL.  Anyway, the meats rarely came to our table and we ended up having to ask our server to send some our way.  It also didn't seem to be as delicious as the first time I went.

The THIRD time wasn't quite a charm, but it was a vast improvement from the second.  Our table was great and the meats kept coming.  I got to try the fall-off-the-bone ribs that I didn't get to try on my previous visits.  That is my all-time favorite, other than the bacon-wrapped filet. The picanha is also so amazing here...tender, juicy, medium rare.  It's melt in your mouth delicious.

I wasn't a fan of the lamb OR the flank steak at all.

My favorites include: Parmesan chicken, bacon-wrapped filet, picahnha, ribs, and sausage.  YUM YUM YUM!
OHHHH MY MEATTTTTT!

Attention carnivores, this is def a place to come to indulge in AYCE meat. 

Came on my anniversary but we were celebrating our anniversary AND valentines. Why not? I hate going out on vday and everything being packed. Another plus was my birthday was two weeks ago so I still had the coupon from my email about having a free meal with the purchase of one. (B1G1 free) How can you pass that up, when it saves you 50 bucks?!

Was my first time here and I can say I was highly impressed. Our reservation wasnt until 730pm and they took us at 715pm. Score! Super glad I made reservations because there was a wait and it was a monday night too. Very surprising. I take that as a good sign.

The hostess pulled out our chairs for us and even placed napkins on our laps. Oh la la, fancy. Our waiter Joshua was excellent. He explained everything and even his favorite items that he's tried. He was even personable and told us about his daughter who has been doing casting calls and interviews for pirate of the caribbean movie. 

Food wise I was in heaven. The salad bar was delicious and I tried hard to begin lightly because many had told me its easy to fill up on it and have no room for the meats. Wasnt a fan of the green beans and almonds, but im certain its because i've always had them warm, not cold. The goat cheese, prosciutto, grilled provolone and salami were perfectly paired upon the fresh warm bread. Couldnt help myself and even went back for seconds. The caesar salad was fresh and crisp, i topped it with bacon. No joke, it was the best bacon i have ever had. Part of me wanted to sneak some into my purse so i could make a BLT tomorrow. Darn. The salmon was tasty, but as well i like it better warm. The shrimp salad had perfect seasoning. The parmesan brussel sprouts were tasty and coated. The lobster bisque.. holy hell is it rich and creamy. It isnt fishy or over powering. I wish they sold it by itself. I loved it and wanted to eat an entire cup full. There were TONS of more options but i really didnt want to take a chance and fill up on salad bar items. I figured theres always next time!

As your flip your table card from red to green, your waiter brings out your table dishes. Garlic chive mash potatoes and sugar, cinnamon bananas. The potatoes really pair with the meat well. The bananas are to clear your pallet but they also make as a good dessert as well. Super sweet and light. I could have eaten them all by themselves but i paced myself. Lastly they have these cheesy bread balls that are addicting but you cant eat more than one because it'll ruin your meal. Fair warning cause I almost ate a bunch.

Drink wise, my husband ordered a mango mojito. 11.50 and well worth it. Def a strong drink that'll hit you hard. Had a light mango taste but very refreshing and fruity. I ordered ice tea which has unlimited refills. The thing i loved was that your drink was never less than half way full. Your napkin was always folded when your returned to your table and the waiter always asked if there was a meat we missed or wanted more of. Very kind and courteous. I mentioned that I hadnt had the bacon wrapped filet or chicken and he had the guys bring them right away. 

The meat? Ohhhhh the meat. Get in my belly! What isnt there to say. Its cooked and seasoned to perfection. The options are endless and the quality cuts are amazing. The lamb chops were very tasty and the perfect size. It wasnt chewy or too raw, which ive had at other places. The filet was medium raw and i had to have thirds! Bacon wrapped filet was a little too crunchy for me. The sirloin was good and not fatty at all! Ribs were salted and yummy. The parmesan crusted chicken was hit and miss. The chicken was tender and perfect. It sounds weird but i can only think to call it "fluffy" the outside was crunchy and didnt taste very parmesan cheesy. 

To end the night on a good note we got the ny cheesecake. it was topped with nuts and was huge. the two of us couldnt finish it all. cutest part was our server wrote happy birthday and anniversary on it in strawberry sauce! Around the cheese cake was a beautiful design. It was done in chocolate and the circles were filled with carmel and raspberry sauce. Def the cherry ontop of the night.

Worth the money? (even if i didnt have the coupon) YES! We def want to come back and bring our family next month. Food and service was excellent and top notch.
I love Texas de Brazil! Make sure not to eat all day! The waiters come around with every cut of beef, chicken, pork, turkey but especially beef continuously ! It is all you can eat and at about $50.00 is well worth it. There is also a huge all you can eat salad bar! I highly recommend it!
I have eaten at several TdB's and the service and food is always amazing and the the one in LV definitely surpassed my expectations. Although we did have reservations, they over shot our reservations by 20-25 minutes. Order the pitcher of Sangria nad set back and enjoy!!
If you like meat this is the place for you. I remember this place from my trips to Aruba. This place has great food, service, and ambiance. Meats are cooked to your satisfaction and the cheese balls are to die for. The salad bar is great as well.

Haven't eaten in this place since my last trip to Aruba. I'm glad they decided to open in Vegas.

I will be back very soon!
I wish they had Texas de Brazil in Los Angeles! This is so far one of my favorite Brazilian AYCE restaurants! 
+ Service: Phenomenal!
+ Meat: Perfectly cooked!
+ Salad Bar: It has a variety of salads and sides and you can get full just by eating from the salad bar. 
+ Dessert: They have THE BEST papaya cream ever!!!
+ Price: It is not cheap; however it is worth it. I rather pay a little more and eat food with good quality than pay less and leave the restaurant unsatisfied.
I'm in love with this place... It has wonderful food and great ambience. The salad bar is seasonal and each time I go there's something new to try and it's always delicious. Only down side is the space, it's hard to maneuver with all the tables and chairs however everything else does balance that out.  Pricey but well worth it for the all you can eat excellent cuts of meat.  Everyone needs to try this place at least once.
I thought the restaurant was beautiful and the staff were nice natives from Brazil, but the salad bar was not impressive. In fact, The taste was salty and quality was ok. Too pricey for what is delivered.. The meats were good I wouldnt go back with my party of 8.
So I came here for my birthday becuse this is where I wanted to celebrate it and this is NOT the first time I've been here either. The food continues to be amazing but sadly the day I chose to come must of been a bad day because the service was horrible for such a classy restaurant. I remember when I first came here, I was amazed about the service as well as the food. First off, waiters and managers walked by but not one person came by to offer us more drinks or ask how the food was, I was more shocked when the manager did not come over to our table yet he managed to go to the other two (2) in our section. Secondly, next to our table, was a piece of sausage and once agian, NOBODY picked it up, not the waiters or managers,...WOW!!! that piece of sausage stayed on that floor  throughout our dinner. 

I would recommend this place just becasue the food is good but if the service does not pick up again, the I would suggest people go to Fogo de Chao located on Flamingo Rd because that place in my opinion has now ranked to # 1 here in Vegas.
Never been too Brazilian Steakhouse before so was looking forward too the whole meat on skewers all craved table side or literally in front of you. MEAT more MEAT more MEAT. If ever need of serious overload of protein or just want go straight caveman style they have just about everything think of even Ribs (yes one meat that not on a skewer). I did my best too try little of everything but in this AYCE that tall order. The meats that did stand out was the sirloin it had nice flavor (I got first cuts on fresh skewer so had nice medium rare), chicken pram, and enjoy the sausage. Couple of the meats not really fan of was the short rib just found it too fatty and not very good. The chicken wrapped in bacon was just about dried out piece of meat can imagine. I would think wrapped with bacon keep the moisture in but every bite need liquid just get it down. Yikes! There is more then enough different meats that if not so wow one always another one too try. The salad bar REALLY enjoyed! I loved the clean look of it! Most buffets it can be overcrowded comes too selection and really nice break is things still presented top notch, spacing between see the selection, and clearly see the labels on each dish. I like the caesar dressing. The soups never had room for but little taste of the lobster bisque. Solid. 

The service was well done. Once got going if button not saw green no worries about lack of meat on ones plate. One things notice thinking run down the skewer too the very end before they start new one. They do excellent job of bringing fresh skewers of meat. All the servers you see with multiple servers since so much meat too dish out. All really great and makes the whole gimmick or little show that much more enjoyable.  The management very much present checking up making sure everything going well. 

I think the interior had wow factor that never tell from the outside of the building. I enjoyed the huge flower arrangement on top the salad bar. The whole interior decor is upscale vibe. The price is upscale for SURE. I think crazy too pay $40 something dollars for lunch! It different type of experience something think everyone should try least once in life!
We have been so many times and always had such great service and food. This time we were disappointed.  We could not understand a word she said. She hardly came by to see if our friends needed refills.  Even the goucho's hardly stopped, even though all of our cards were green. We had asked to be moved because they sat us right by one of the places they keep water and supplies.  They constantly were squeezing by us. As soon as they moved us it all went down hill. Our bill was almost $400.00 and although the food, what we did get of it, was good, our overall experience was not very good. Very disappointed as we have always had such great service before. Kinda sucked cause we had a newbie with us and it did not have that wow effect.
I cannot stand this place. Servers were rude and the food was not very good. I got better service at fast food. don't do it4!
I enjoyed this place significantly more than the Brazilian AYCE establishments in the SF Bay Area. Although the location is not ideal in terms of proximity to the hotels and "center" of LV  the service and food was top notch. We had a large party and they took care of us well. All the meats , sides, salads and Lobster Bisque were outstanding.
FOOD POISONING. Salad bar. Husband and I both within six hours of eating here, sick for 72 hours, missed work, N e v e r   A g a i n.
Terrible service! I'll stay with Via Brasil where the service is amazing and so is the food.
Sorry to say, but I did not like it at all here. The hubby and I came here for dinner on a weekday.  Even though we got there when they just opened and there were plenty of open tables, the hostess gave us one of the light devices and told us to wait till they had a table ready.  Needless to say, we had to wait about 20 minutes (mind you: they still had all those empty tables). Anyway, when we were seated we ordered our drinks and went to the salad bar- not that many options.  The sides that came to the table were ok, except for the plantains.  Those where probably the best part of the entire meal.  The meats were all too salty for us and even our drinks were not that good.  Long story short, not coming here again.
This is my third try at a Brazilian experience and my first thoughts drifted to where Texas fits into the rank of Fogo de Chao (many locations) and Churrascaria Plataforma (New York). I would say Fogo and Texas are tied for first place experiences for different reasons...

Fogo seems to have a better salad bar experience whereas Texas seems to do better with their meat selection. For service Texas wins out easily. The waiter that took care of us was very attentive which worked well for us as the location of our seats seemed to be on the end round for the carvers. Thus, it was somewhat quiet waiting for carvers to walk by but when we asked for something specific they were there instantly.

The bottom line is if you love Fogo de Chao take a break and give Texas de Brazil a try. I cannot place one above the other but it sure is enjoyable to try.
Awesome. Only word to describe. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Totally. But dlnt bring your girlfriend unless she happens to be a wrestler or a weightlifter because you will not get your moneys worth!
Awesome come hungry leave fat :)
I'll keep it short and simple. This place was pretty darn delicious. I can't afford to eat here every week otherwise I would. The garlic ribeye was my favorite meat that came around. All of them were pretty delicious though. All the meats came around constantly so I had no problems getting my favorite cuts again. Sometimes I wouldn't pay attention and when I looked down my plate was piled up like a mountain. Service was great too. They tried to up sell me on drinks at the start but I stuck to my guns and just ordered water. (I'm cheap)
Best advice to give you before you come eat here? Come HUNGRY. 

This all you can eat Brazilian Steakhouse is an amazing treat. It isn't cheap either, so make sure you have an empty stomach so you can be able to happily indulge in all the food they have to offer you.

Before all the fun begins you can spend a little time at their salad bar complete with over 50 items. It is probably one of the best salad bars in town. 

Then the fun begins when all the servers come out with various meats - chicken, lamb, pork, sausage...you name it. All cooked to perfection. It is a meat lover's dream to eat here. You are given unlimited servings as long as your little card they give you in the beginning is turned over to the green side. 

They also have a great selection of desserts available a la carte. Everyone should definitely try this place out, it is well worth it!
I go here ALOT......

It ain't cheap, so I usually get some type of discount deal or go for lunch. Love the salad bar, great (but very salty) choices. Best salad bar in any Brazilian place I tried...

Garlic sirloin kicks ass, as does the filet mignon. Beef ribs are great too....

Can't go wrong here for food quality, but keep in mind EVERYTHING is loaded with salt. If your drinking and having desert the tab gets up there pretty quick too.

Worth the trip if you never had it.
I love this place! I just wish it was so darn expensive! I have eaten here at least 6 times since moving to Las Vegas. I typically try to save my visit for lunch, a discount deal, or the wonderful complimentary birthday dinner when you are accompanied with a paying guest.

The staff here are always friendly and professional. Makes the experience all the much better when visiting. Note when you leave the table they are quick to redo the napkins. Drinks never go half full. They are very attentive.

My favorite cuts of meat are the lamb, steak, and chicken parm.

The salad bar is quite large but I've seen larger. Let's be honest though....who visits a Brazillian Steakhouse for the salads?? NOT ME!!
This review will probably get lost in the 100s that have preceded it, but I feel like my opinion should be known anyway. That's so Yelpy of me. : )

Honestly, it's really not worth it to eat at this restaurant. Great service and pretty good food, but I have had a waaaaay better experience at a churrascaria for way less, I'm talking $26/person for buffet and that restaurant offered snake, alligator, etc. in addition to the normal variety. So, I was not impressed by Texas de Brazil.

First of all, their meats weren't very exotic. They had chicken, beef, pork and one lamb variety. They had garlic and bacon-wrapped variations, but that was it. Furthermore, they were "just okay", nothing that made me want to drool.

Rice, mashed potatoes, and the bananas were very good side dishes, but you are at this restaurant for the meat, right? My favorite thing was the po de queijo AKA cheesy, soft, delicious, heavenly bread.

We got free cake. It was our anniversary and my man's birthday just a few days before. That was a nice touch, so I did write a raving review about my waitress on the comment card. But, unless I have a coupon, I won't be coming back here.
When is California going to have one!  I've been to the Las Vegas and Orlando restaurants and has never disappointed.  Where else can you get all you can eat Filet Mignon?  The service is excellent.  The meats just keep coming and coming.  If you have your own favorites, let the waiter now and he'll make sure you get plenty of your favorites!
Great meat! I just wish it was a more intimate affair with the servers. Other than that. Good food!
One word. Unbelievable.
A bit disappointed for the price we paid. For the four of us, it cost over $200. The salad bar was okay and the meat was sub par. Although the service was impeccable, was expecting a little more food quality wise.
Everything was great, with the exception of the blonde hostess at the front. When I asked about my table she said it was going to be a couple minutes. 30 minutes goes by and I ask again. She gets upset by grabbing the pager from me and slams it in the charger. Then I ate which made up for the bad hostess  Really rude blonde hostess. She needs to be fired!!!! She just made the place look bad.
Not my favorite.  I didn't like the style of bringing the meat to the table.
Texas de Brazil
There seems to be no shortage of restaurants, and this is never more evident than when you are in Las Vegas. With thousands of restaurants on Las Vegas Boulevard, it can be difficult to find the few great ones.  Many things make up a great restaurant, but let's focus on variety of food, atmosphere, and location. In Las Vegas I feel that one restaurant distinguishes itself in all of these areas, Texas de Brazil. 
Texas De Brazil is a Brazilian style steakhouse. The last thing I expected to see in a steakhouse is a salad bar with over 50 items, but it is so enticing that you will contemplate spending your whole evening there. As Chris U. from Henderson says, "The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it."1 The best part is you can, if you want, go just to try the amazing Lobster Bisque (it is one of my personal favorite salad bar items); however, why on earth would you? Passadores continually roam the restaurant carrying various types of meat on skewers.  Turn your card to green and you will be visited by Passadores delivering bacon wrapped filet mignon, lamb chops, pork loin roast, chicken, and the list continues.  They serve over 14 types of meats, and will keep coming around to your table for your enjoyment and dining pleasure.  It is all but irresistible. Be sure to try the bacon wrapped filet, a very tender cut served with a warm red center and a strip of crispy bacon on the outside; it melts in your mouth.  I have always found the meat to be tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.
The number one complaint I have about Vegas restaurants is feeling like cattle being herded though the feeding barn.  Often the waiter rushes over to give you your check, and then checks back with you every three minutes to see if you are ready to pay so they can get a new table. Even worse is when you seem to be forgotten, and you have to wonder if your server is still in the building. I have never felt more at home than when I dine at Texas de Brazil. The staff greets you with a smile and a sense of glee when they get to explain how the Brazilian style steakhouse system works. They are attentive without being pushy; they anticipate what you may need before you ask for it. I can sit and catch up with old friends for hours and never feel like I am being an inconvenience. Individual service combined with the "come-as-you-are" atmosphere make for a great dinner. You can be in shorts after a long walk down the strip or dressed to the nines before a show, no matter what you will be treated with the same individualized care. Nikki Neu from Vegas.com says it best, "Relax. You're in good hands. The Texas de Brazil experience is meant to be a fun one!"2
All this fun and cheer is great, but if you can't get to the restaurant it is worthless. I know great places to eat on the strip, but after thinking about having to drive down the strip to get there, then park on the 6th floor, make my way through the smoke filled casino to finally wait 20 minutes for a table, that's exhausting. So now you are dreading part of the evening even though you haven't left the house. With Texas de Brazil being centrally located in Town Square, it is easy to get there from anywhere. A stand-alone building with its own parking lot on Las Vegas Boulevard is rare, so it is worth taking advantage of. 
Some places have great food with poor service; some have great locations with less than stellar food. In a city full of places to eat and experiences to be had, don't overlook the all-inclusive, the grand, the fun, the best, Texas de Brazil.
You cannot beat the half price punch card that they offer once in awhile.
I'm in Vegas and I want to pig out on meat till I burst. The place to go is Texas de brazil! With a vast selection of meats brought to your table by the Gauchos, I am in meat heaven! The selection of meats is so mind blowing. The slow cooked meats are mouth watering and keep you wanting more. It's a good thing because they keep giving you more till you can't no more! A fun place with beautiful decor and great service. A must go if you are in Vegas
I've been to a number of Brazilian steak houses throughout the US and this is one of my favorites.  The food is consistently good although we've had the occasional rude server.

If dining at night, I suggest you make a reservation.
I would skip breakfast and lunch before coming here...and wear loose clothing.
With green/red colored discs you have the power to command gauchos with swords of meat to circle your table as they tempt you with different meats...from sausage, to pork, to chicken, to filet oh my! You can also request meats to your specific temperature liking. 
You come to eat MEAT but the salad bar is irresistible with items such as lobster bisque, asparagus, prosciutto, and the big wheel of imported parmesan cheese that makes you feel like a mouse that's died and gone to cheese heaven...the salad bar is a cruel distraction to the main meat event but worth at least one trip. I make sure to have enough chimichurri for my meat so I don't make multiple trips. This is an insane meatfest but the warm Brazilian cheese bread served at your table is too wonderful to resist...light and chewy balls that I could easily pop all night. Let's face it, you leave your diet and calorie counter at the door when you eat here. The bananas are also a nice treat. Service is always fantastic and be sure to mention if celebrating a special occasion and they will bring out a dessert for the birthday person. Had a papaya something that was very good and different from anything I've had before. Turn your disc over to red once you've had your fill and the gauchos leave you alone.
A wonderful dining experience.
This is a beautiful restaurant, but the service and food were on an okay level.  I was here with a party of 8, on a semi busy night.  We were sat on time, which is always nice.  

The service was alright, kept having to ask for refills and side dishes.  And there are times where we wouldn't even see a meat server for 5+ minutes at a time.  I would understand if the place was slammed, but it definitely wasn't that busy. 

The food was ok, majority of the meats tasted TOO salty.  My two favorite meats that night were the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the lamb chops.
Best all you can eat steakhouse! Our server the night we went (Max) was so attentive and sweet. Can't wait to go back when I visit Vegas again. Definitely recommending to all friends and family.
This place is amazing. It's not only set up in a really creative and cool way, but the food is delicious and the people that work there are nice. I went there a few weeks ago with my roomates and it was just a great experience and i've been recommending it ever since. Can't wait to go back!
Incredible meat! Definitely go hungry. The various cuts of beef had an excellent, flavorful crust that was delicious. The bacon-wrapped chicken was great--tender chicken and perfectly cooked bacon. The au gratin potatoes and cheese rolls were also delish. Will definitely be going back!
Best salad bar in the Valley, best meat in the business. 

Worth it, no complaints. 

Take a girl, they will be impressed. Right? 

Last thought, the bathroom door will confuse you. The stall door inside the bathroom will impress you and when you use the bathroom the next day, it will depress you. 

Lemme make sure that you understand, the food is awesome, I just ate so much meat that my digestive system had a hard time processing it.....too much info? No, you have to be honest about all aspects of these reviews. 

Nice Chaps.
Hands down, best Brazilian steakhouse. LOVE this place.
I went here last year when I went to Vegas for business.  They have a nice bar and the place is nicely decorated.  Since this place is a steakhouse you would think the best part is the meat right?  Wrong.  I found the meat to be overcooked and a little too salty.  It was still edible and tasty but for almost $50 a person it wasn't worth it.  The salad bar was killer.  Calling it a salad bar is a little misleading since they had soup, salad, sushi rolls, salmon, and much more.  I found the salad bar to be better than the meats.  The bananas to wash your palette were tasty.  In the end is it worth $47-$50 not including dessert?  Not really, but it was a fun ayce experience none the less

I did get a piece of the turtle cheesecake, it was nicely decorated but it looked like it was make days ago and it was way too sweet 

This weekend I am going to one in NY so I will see if it is any better here
There are two ways to look at this.  The food and dining experience was fantastic.  I loved the salad bar, the meats, the rolls with butter cooked into them, the servers were polite and on top of their game and just the overall dining experience was something unlike most anything else I am used to.  That being said, I still cannot understand why it cost me and my wife over $100 to eat there.  Total tab came to $120 which was only for 2 dinners, 1 coke, and a water and included tip.  I understand that the variety of meats you can get is unlike other places, and that it's all you can eat, but for me that's not worth the price.  I am NOT a huge guy, fairly skinny actually at 6'2" and 160lbs.  So I can usually eat a steak, some mashed potatoes, and veggies and I am full anywhere else for about $20.  So I don't really benefit from spending $60 per person on basically the same meals just a more variety of meats rather than 1 larger portion of 1 meat.  I am torn between 3 and 4 stars, but went with 4 because everything else was fantastic.  Unfortunately I don't plan on going back unless for the lunch price which is substantially cheaper for the same thing simply because I cannot afford to spend $100 on meals very often.
We went to Texas de Brazil for Friday night dinner during our recent visit to Las Vegas and it was an awesome experience! The salad bar- if you can call it that- it's really more of a buffet- was stocked with exceptional cheeses, soups, veggies, sushi, etc. I could have eaten a full meal just from the salad bar- but then comes the meat! We ate far more than we should have- but everything was awesome! We enjoyed roasted lamb, filet mignon, sirloin steak, chicken (wrapped in bacon!), flank steak, ribs, etc. The side items were also very good! Service was impeccable as was the appearance of the restaurant. A great experience- but come very hungry!
Ate here on 5/18/13 with 5 others for a birthday. Gotta say, food was really good. My favorite was the flank steak. So juicy and cooked perfectly. Mushrooms were also tasty. Chicken was just ok. To be honest, when you come to places like these, skip the chicken and only order steak. Pay for what you get. You can order chicken anytime, anywhere. That's just me. The Sangria was probably the best I have tasted.

Service was top notch.

Overall: B+
The most wonderful/beautiful delicious etc...I make sure to go there on each of my Las Vegas visits.... YUM!
Cliffs:
- Awesome meat
- Awesome meat
- Awesome meat
- $$$

There's not much to say about this place really. Come here to feast, but do have money on tap as this place isn't exactly cheap. The service was very friendly and was there to serve! 

All you do here is simply sit down, order your drinks and wait for the meat to come. Sounds a bit kinky, but the meat does come. They come on sticks held by the servers, and they ask if you want the meat. You simply reply with a yes or a no, and that's it! 

Really, come here hungry not because you want to make every penny worth it, but because you really want to taste all the different varieties of meat. That's about it from me really, this place is just enjoyable. Go there, now.
I've eaten at two Brazilian steakhouses on the strip and was terribly disappointed; I was skeptical of Texas de Brazil, but after so many praises our friend finally convinced us to give this churrascaria a try. I'm not often a fan of chains, but Texas de Brazil won us over.

The salad bar is a meal in itself. I love the Italian meats and cheeses. The couscous was excellent and a nice palatte cleanser. The asparagus provides a healthy dose of greens. Everything looked fresh and appetizing. I'll have to sample more items next visit.

At the table, the sides of mashed potatoes, fried bananas and cheesy bread bites are tasty as well. They help dull the saltiness once the meat parade begins.

We wasted no time and let the feast get underway. Since it was our first visit we sampled a bite of every offering. Once we found our favorites; we stuffed ourselves silly on lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan crusted pork loin and medium rare filet. All were the perfect temperature, well seasoned and tender. 

If only I could travel with a second stomach! Instead, we had to call it quits before the meat sweats left us comatose. We are such gluttons, we chose the chocolate layer and carrot cake for dessert. Both were large portions easily shared; moist and delicious, but the chocolate layer cake was the better dessert. The dark chocolate layer is so decadent and it's the perfectly sweet end to the meatacular evening.

Dress in your fat pants and bask in gloriousness of being a carnivore.
Yes, that's right, 5 stars.  As good as it gets, worth every penney, good thing i don't live there because i'd go every week.  Never been bombarded with so many meat choices in my life.  Every 30 second you'll have servers coming around with Meats on a scewer fresh off the grill.  Everything is so tender and fresh you'll over eat for sure.  The salad bar offers a lot of incredible unique flavors, even the bread wich i never usually eat because of my GF family, but it was so tasty, the deserts were great too.  Di i mention the meat?  OMG mouth watering filets, ribs, sausages, rack of lamb, prime rib, steak flanks, etc, etc...  I suggest sampling first with small pieces and sharing, find out what you really like.   You'll need some red wine!
--RibChamp
4.5 stars!
Thank you TdB for sending those coupons for your birthday. I certainly did take advantage of this, but I must admit I was afraid our server wasn't going to treat us as well just because only 1 of us was a paying customer.  Contrary to belief I was wrong because our server was absolutely great. I think the table to server ratio is rather small because she was rather attentive to the point she looked bored sometimes because she wasn't doing anything. She kept our table clean and would offer to grab us new plates when needed. She asked a number of times if there was a certain meat we wanted. And soon enough there was a gaucho to serve us our request. On to the food, we all know there are to major competitors for Brazilian Steak houses in town and I must say I believe the meat here taste way better. The quality was absolutely superb. I enjoyed the array of meats because it was tasty and moist. My favorites were the picanha of course and the RIB (beef), I honestly thought it was going to be like BBQ ribs, but the cut was prime rib and boy was that good. Even the bacon wrapped chicken was good. Cannot wait to come back here for another special occasion. Highly recommend!
If I could give more than 5 stars I would.  Texas de Brazil serves heaven on a plate!  If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, it's a never ending delivery of meat on swords.   We have been to other Brazilian Steakhouses such as Samba at the Mirage.  But they do not compare to this one at Town Square.

Now I try to be a healthier eater with little bits of 'treats' mixed in.  They have a great salad bar that also comes with the meats.  On the salad bar, I found everything to be delicious and delectable.  There, of course, is green salads. What is a salad bar without actually having salads.  BUT WAIT!  You could possibly eat on the salad bar alone with the smoked salmon, spicy shrimp salad, variety of cheeses, cous cous, mushrooms, grilled peppers, LOBSTER BISQUE and more.  Now I put Lobster Bisque in all caps because it made so creamy and full of flavor! I couldn't get enough!

My husband completely skipped the salad bar and had all meats.  (Midwest Boy!).  They brought Chicken sprinkled with parmesan,lamb,  filet, filet wrapped in bacon, pork ribs, beef ribs, flank steak, sirloin steak and much more than I just can't remember.  All I know is that it was so good!  The beef ribs especially were my favorite.  The meat was so tender and it melted like butter in your mouth.  

If that wasn't enough food for you, they also bring rolls and a side of mashed potatoes for the table.  They also offer some really yummy looking desserts but who has room after all of that food?!  

If this review doesn't make you hungry for it, then my review has failed. Just writing about it makes me want to go back again.  If you are in the mood for alot of great food, this should be the place on top of your list! Will I be back again?  You better believe it!
Wonderful steaks with salad bar thats fresh ;) theres so much to choose from.
Awesome experience!  Went there to celebrate a birthday and I couldn't have picked a better place.  Food was great, service was even better.  Pedro came by often and took care of our every need.  Somewhat pricey but no more that what you'd pay at a better steakhouse.  But at TdB you can eat as much as you want and can have a variety of meats.  Can't beat it.
Its a different experience with good food. Bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
Definitely something to experience for sure...  It's is about $50/pp for dinner, but they have everything you could think of.  It is Brazilian style, so there are guys that come around with every kind of meat you can think of on a stick and carves it at your table.  It is kind of like an upscale buffet of sorts.  Everything from bacon wrapped filet, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic flank steak, parm chicken, Brazilian sausage, beef and pork ribs, leg of lamb, lamb chops...  You name it. At the end of our meal, our serve asked if we wanted anything special that they did not bring around.   You are definitely on meat overload by the time you leave.  You definitely don't want to plan anything afterwards because you will be full.  The service is amazing.  The have a fancy salad bar that was rockin'..  Super cool, but once a year will be great for me!  I would definitely encourage you to try it...
If you are going to try it, MAKE RESERVATIONS!!
There are so many reviews about TBD. And I can say its wonderful. Simply delightful- a magical place full of meat, all kinds of meat- beef, lamb, chicken, pork- seasoned and grilled, wrapped in bacon..... for dinner this feast will run you $46.99, and its worth every penny. 

the salad bar is spectacular- sometimes for lunch i go just for the salad bar. A lovely assortment of fresh and grilled veggies, cheeses, salami, OMG THE POTATO SALAD- BEST POTATO SALAD EVER. The sauteed mushrooms, lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes- need i say more? go try eat. be marry.

and ask for extra plantains- I promise you two is not enough. ENJOY.
You could go from hungry to meat-comatose in under an hour.

Diners are to New Jersey as Buffets are to Las Vegas.
Texas de Brazil brings rodzio to a part of the city most familiar with cafeteria-style buffets. It's a neat twist.

The first thing I must mention is a no-brainer: SIGN UP for their e-club. You get a buy one get on free coupon and you also get one for your birthday (they DO not give you a BOGO coupon for your anniversary anymore - they stopped doing it :( you just get a free dessert coupon).

Personally, while I would definitely consider myself a fan of TDB, I am not a fan of paying full price. Every time I've been here ( I'd say at least 7x), I've used a coupon. I'm a great tipper for great service so if my husband and I were to go sans coupon we'd be looking at least a $120 total out the door.  My body can only take so much meat in one sitting for full price value. At that price, the expectation is on a whole new level and I would be writing a different review.

The second thing I must mention is that TDB's service is almost always 5 stars. The service staff is consistently attentive, considerate but most of all helpful. 

And then there's the food. Obviously this is a major meat fest. I enjoy rare to medium rare meat so it's total mooing heaven for me when the gauchos come by. The sirloin, the FLANK!, the filet mignon -- these are just a few of my favorites. My husband is medium-well person so he used to pass on some items BUT - all you have to do is let your server know and they can accommodate. If I didn't mention the Brazilian sausage & the cheese bread he loves so much I think he'd be mad at me so -there I said it.

Some meat pieces closer to the outside of the meat will be more saltier than others. I could see how some would take issue with the sodium but I'm fine with it. 

I personally do not like to fill up on the salad bar, but I do make sure I have at least 2 bowls of lobster bisque and a handful of shrimp to complement some of my meat selections. The lobster bisque is just a creamy soup - no lobster pieces but it is quite yummy all the same. My first time here, I made the mistake of having bowl after bowl (after bowl after bowl) and left very little room for the meat!

All in all I think this is definitely a place worth checking out. Come hungry, leave full of meat.
I will start with the wonderful smells outside the restaurant. The wonderful aromas will make your mouth water. Everything I tried was Simply delicious. Filet mignon was perfect and that is coming from a non- meat lover. Took my husband here for birthday dinner. He love it. He is definitely a meat lover. Everything was cooked to perfection (tender melt in your mouth perfection). Definitely will return.
What can I say. Absolutely fantastic Brazillian steakhouse. The food is perfect every time and you will never run out. Definitely ask for anything in particular you want, they'll bring it quick!
This all you can eat meat buffet was nice.  For the money, I would rather go somewhere that I don't have to get up and go to the salad bar.  The salad bar was great too.  I'm not trying to knock this place at all.  I would just prefer a place like Gallagher's if I am going to spend that much money for steak.
I am not going to discuss the food.  Enough other people can do that.  I am very unhappy about my bill.  My total bill was $89.  I left a generous 20% tip, which included the "real" price before my coupon.  What my credit card was charged was $224.  It took two and a half days to clear through my bank account for what I authorized, which was $113.  

This practice is completely unacceptable and unethical.  Credit card users beware.
First timer, and unfortunately probably only timer. The experience was very cool, the salad area was top notch. We went to celebrate my birthday, and made it known when we made our reservation, only because they asked if our visit was for an occasion. Not that it matters, but I was never wished a happy birthday, nor was I offered a birthday dessert as I actually saw 3 of them go by our table as we were dining, candle and all! The service was about the same as you would get at one of the nicer buffet's in town, but really they are only drink fillers and plate clearers. 

THE MEAT...I have never in my life had so many varieties of meat presented to me for eating before, so I had to try them all. Every single one of them was so horribly salty that I could not get through any more than a bite or two of each. My wife is a certified salt-aholic, and even she could not eat most of the meats that were cut for us. The parmesan crusted pork, and bacon wrapped chicken were inedibly dry. Some of the meat, such as the bacon wrapped filet was still basically raw on the inside, and the server stated it to be medium to med-well. 

Sadly enough we actually had to stop on the way home for bottles of water because we were so overwhelmed by the salty - dry taste left in our mouths.

I have to say overall it was very disappointing. So it ended up being a very expensive salad bar.
Recently dined at the much talked about Texas de Brazil and I must say I am impressed. The place itself is nicely decorated and not to mention they have a kick ass salad bar, dude the salad bar had lobster soup, salmon, goat cheese and other cheeses I've never had before. Keep in mind this is a steakhouse. OMG and their desserts are to die for, we had the cheesecake and vanilla creme brulee mmmm mmmm mmmm  yummy! Now let's talk about why people really come here. The food was amazing! I can't get over how tasty the cuts of meat were. All the meat were so tender and juicy, yeah you might get a piece of meat that is a bit salty but trust me it wasn't bad at all. Service overall was great very attentive and always anticipating our needs. It's a different experience with great food. So bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
False advertising!  I got a birthday coupon for a BOGO meal.  The first line says "We want to help you celebrate your birthday." Since I'm not rich enough to pay $50 per person for one meal, this is a "special occasion" type of place.  We decided to use the coupon for my birthday.  A few nights before my birthday, I noticed the coupon said "not valid on Saturdays."  My birthday falls on a Saturday.  We already had other plans ON my birthday.  We called to see if they would honor the coupon ON my actual birthday, since it was my birthday and not just a random Saturday.  The manager said the coupon is just to bring people in during the week and that they don't care about the birthday.

Good to know.  I'll care about your business as much as you care about my birthday
We had a wonderful evening. Made reservations and arrived early by almost 30 minutes and they gave us a choice if we wanted to wait at the bar or if we wanted to be seated immediately.  We chose the later, with people in the lobby already waiting. Boy did I feel special.
We decided to order a pitcher of sangria for the two of us.  Then we proceeded to the salad bar and filled our plates.  Tonights soup was lobster bisque, and was it ever so wonderful. I also filled my plate with cheeses, several vegetables not wanting to fill myself to much before I decided to start with the meats.
Then the meats started piling up on my plate.  The garlic sirloin and the pork roast stood out the most for me.  But they also had bacon wrapped chicken,  beef ribs (don't laugh they where amazing), pork ribs (which where tough), filet, leg of lamb, lamb chops, and probably a couple that I just don't remember.
We had a great time and the service is wonderful.  It is not someplace that most of us would go very often but when Im in Vegas and need a treat I will be back.  Bethany Thank you for your review. It made us change our mind.
This was not our first visit to TdB. In the past, their food has been to die for, but for some reason- this time it was just OKAY. 

This is a great place to go on a date or with a group of adults. We've gone with our two children and they don't eat much there, except for some of the meat. Their "buffet" dishes include smoked salmon, olives, etc.- none of which are kid friendly. I'm not asking for a typical Vegas buffet, but a few more options would be nice. 

Will we go back? Probably, but not as a first (or second) option.
First time there with my Mother and her Fiancee, it was a great experience, except for two problems:

The Fiancee grabbed some shrimp from the salad bar, but they were bad tasting and bad smelling.

Mother said the skirt steak was insanely over salted.
The food was pretty good. It's a pretty cramped space, but it's worth it for the experience. The manager made gluten free cheese bread for me since I was concerned about cross contamination of the bread on salad bar since it was next to egg rolls and I get really sick with the slightest cross contamination. We might go back again, but not for full price, we would wait for a deal to come up.
This place has great food and service.  It tends to be very busy and it is important to get a reservation if you can.  The salad bar is awesome BUT don't fill up on it as you will not want to miss out on the meats.  The only issue I have with Texas de Brazil is that it cost about $46/person.  But if you compare it to a top-end steak house and you order soup, salad and steak it is pretty comparable.
The service was very good.  They feed you until you can't eat anymore.  The food was just OK though not great.  The banana pie for desert is a 12 out of 10.  It was awesome.  the creme Brule was horrible.
Craving for meat? This is the place to be. Actually before even the meats get served I'm already full. Their salad bar got so much selections u will go crazy! The lobster bisque soup is to die for. The cheese bread is oh so yummy. The servers are good and they know what they're doing. They give u some sweet plantain bananas. Ask for condensed milk with it. It's so much better. It is always packed and the wait is long so make sure to make a reservation especially on Fridays and Saturdays. It's worth every penny. And the desserts are good so make sure to leave some space for that!
All the meat they brought to the table was supurb.  From lamb to beef and bacon wrapped chicken...all luscious.

Staff was quite attentive even though a sea of tables were filled...very busy.

Typical decor and atmosphere of a stylish restaurant.

Great combo of sit-down and buffet service.

Nothing I can say to knock this place.

P.S. Even the gal who answered the phone during dinner hour was polite and attentive.
I have been to restaurants similar to this in the past, but was never a fan. This restaurant was different and I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. The food, service and ambience was outstanding. The salad bar was incredible with all kinds of interesting and different items. All the wonderful and never ending meats brought out were outstanding!  Lamb chops, chicken, garlic sirloin, leg of lamb, beef ribs and more!  If you save room for desert you won't be disappointed either. Unfortunately, I couldn't eat another thing, but everyone else's deserts tasted as good as they looked I was told.   Great dinner and time was had by all.  If you are looking for a lot of great food and a different dining experience definitely try Texas de Brazil even if you have been to other restaurants like this and didn't particularly care for.
"Unbelievable. Don't fill up on salad bar stuff, even though it's amazingly good. Save room for the meats, the filet mignon is the best we've ever had and the bacon on the buffet is incredible. This place is pricey, not a day to day place, but for a special meal it's PERFECT, a real DINING EXPERIENCE"...  We LOVED it and will make it a regular place whenever we go to Vegas.
Decent food, but nothing to rave about. The worst thing about this place is you can't enjoy the food you eat because its so damn COLD! I get that it's summertime in Vegas but come on! It was unbearable!! The food is not worth the bad experience.
The salad bar is absolutely amazing.  For a light lunch, it's 20 dollars, and worth every penny!
If i had to choose my last meal I think Texas de Brazil would be where i would chose to dine. The food here is amazing and the customer service is also great. I came here to celebrate my birthday and it was fantastic.
While in Vegas, my boyfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere pricey because it's all about the wonderful food there! We decided last minute to go to Texas de Brazil and let me say it was worth every penny!!!! Compared to the rodizio here in Seattle, this one blows it out of the water. They had so many different types of meat and their little salad bar is huge! I always have a caipirinha and here it was on point! Next time we visit Las Vegas, we will probably make a trip here again.
I am sure it gets better... And when it does, I will let you know. UNTIL THEN this place was Fantastic. 

Awesome service, Portuguese speaking staff, food was fantastic and a classy environment. We got there just as they were closing . With a few tables left they seated us and never rushed us. Food assortment of meat was excellent and cooked to your desire. salad bar was fresh and well stocked. 

A fantastic dinner in Vegas, thank you !
If you are a carnivore,  this is the place.  lots of meat!  It's like meat heaven.  Fillet mignon and lamb chop were highly recommended.  Prices were outrageous.  $46.99 for adult. Half price for a seven year old. Full price for an eight year old. $5 kid charge for my one and a half old boy.  Hello??? he didn't even drink your water!!!  18% service charge on top for a table of six.  Dessert and drinks were all extra.  Salad bar was not impressive.  Some dishes were salty, others were blend.   Average food at ceiling prices.  Below my expectations. Not going back again.  Have the feeling of my wallet being butchered at the table...........
This place is amazing! I came here with my boyfriend and a couple other friends and it was really fun. The whole atmosphere and experience is fun and different. All the meat was great and it was fun to see what would be brought by next. The service was really good and we had a great time.
If you like meat, this is the restaurant to go to. This Brazilian style meat buffet is as good as it gets. With great decor and and upscale, yet casual ambiance, this restaurant hits the mark in so many ways. To start, their salad bar teases your palate with so many different flavors. These are not just veggies thrown out there. This salad spread is meant to compliment the meats you are about to partake. Once your salad is on plate and you are back at your table, you are immediately swarmed by waiters carrying meat on skewers. You simply need to say yes to sample each meat. Everything from beef ribs, to sirloin and tenderloin made to perfection. They also have a variety of lamb and chicken servings. But make sure you save room for dessert. You will not be disappointed with their selection of flan, cheesecake, carrot cake, key lime pie, and my personal favorite, Bananas Foster. Order it with a banana creme liquer on the side to drizzle over it...oh so good!

Our waiter, Joshua was on top of everything as was very patient, especially when assisting us with selecting a nice bottle of wine. We spent over 3 decadent hours enjoying our food and drink. 

Well done, Texas de Brazil. Well done.
This place is huge! I was skeptical at first but the experience was awesome! The huge salad bar was just so nice and fresh. The cucumbers, roasted peppers, thin slices of ham and salami were killer! Than we get to our table and the ice teas we ordered were perfectly made. Came to our table in a fancy bottle and the server pours it into a fancy glass for you. The meats were good, very juicy. We were a big fan of the filet migion, parmesian chicken, thin special steak slices and the best part were their fried bananas! Oh its like no other!!!! I'd pay to come and eat the fried bananas alone! Then our dessert, my boyfriend got the brazilian cheesecake and i got the chocolate mousse cream layered cake. I feel his was too sweet but he loved it. Mines was delicious! Devin was our server and he was definately on point. A manager even stopped by to check on us. Decor is dim and casual romantic. Everyone dresses so nicely! Great food great service. Thanks Texas DE Brazil!!!!! Will be back for sure! =D
Good food! If you like meat, this is a great place to go! So delicious, well seasoned! The salad bar has a wide variety of things! So much to choose from and staff is always knowledgable and friendly. Definitely go hungry though, for the price you want to make sure you get your moneys worth. Just for two, not dessert you'll be looking at over 100. But it's definitely worth it!
First times to this venue. Loved every bit of it. Hubby is a huge carnivore, so he was a seriously happy diner. I loved all the selection. You will make multiple visits to this restaurant before you can try everything. My favorite was the filet. Hubby's was the sirloin. Deserts were fab! I can't wait till the offer the VIP card. This is a place we will certainly go again and again!
I've always been a fan of this palce. I just found out about the back dining room. Much quieter and intimate. I will request that next time. I just tried the Sangria, AMAZING.
Great experience. We made a last-minute reservation, Which was easily accommodated with no problem. When we arrived, We were quickly sat and ordered our drinks.This place is a carnivorous dream!! 

Once you're sat, the servers explain how everything works. Everyone at the table gets a double sided coin, one side green and the other red. As long as the green side is facing up, the endless parade of steaks, sausage, roasts and ribs will keep coming! Our server was very nice and asked what our favorites were, so they would be presented first.

They also have a huge unlimited buffet that includes charcuterie, various cheeses, beans, dressings, sushi, about every type of bread, lobster bisque (which was amazing) and many hot sides. 

Even though we arrived closed to their closing time we were not rushed out. I even got a complementary dessert!

Total win! We will be back!
A friend suggested trying Texas de Brazil instead of Fogo de Chao.  Same type of food.  Steak, steak and did I mention steak?  Awesome flavor.  Wasn't too impressed with the bacon wrapped chicken but all the steak choices were good.  The beef ribs were tender.  The house special was full of flavor.  I would recommend going here.
I definitely am never disappointed here! 
They allow you to take from the salad bar which is full of amazing food, cheeses, meats, and the lobster bisque is definitely a favorite.
They come around with different kinds of meat and you can say no, don't be afraid! My favorite cuts are the sirloin, leg of  lamb, lamb chops, and flank steak. 

Everyone should go there at least once a year!
My fianc took me here for my birthday. So delicious and a fun concept! I have never eaten so much meat. Would've loved to try dessert but was too full. 4 stars because this place is indeed over priced. Will be back but only for special occasions.
My dad took My Boyfriend and i to come eat here , it was delicious .. Im a meat lover . Mouth watering meats. One of the servers with the lamb had a snotty attitude , which we didn't like at all. he noticed and changed his attitude immediately .
Trendy decor, energetic atmosphere, great service, phenomenal fried plantains as salad bar but the meat is slightly on the salty side. Still one of our favorites because of the salad bar and fried plantains.
Man oh man, where do I begin? Let me start with their salad bar considering that that's where your meal will begin. Never have I encountered such a delectable salad bar! I mean how many salad bars boast lobster bisque soup, grilled provolone cheese, mozzarella balls, grilled eggplant, sushi, sauted mushrooms, hearts of palm, spicy salamis, and Greek olives? Seriously, the next time I go back, I could just make a meal off of the salad bar!

After completing your salad bar tour, you'll be bombarded with fresh cuts of roasted meat: leg of lamb, bacon-wrapped filet mignon, bacon-wrapped chicken breast, ribeye, sirloin, and money others along with sides items like fried bananas and Brazilian cheese bread. 

I ended with their carrot cake. It's a big slice so be prepared to share! I'm not a huge fan of Vegas but I am a hug fan of Texas de Brazil!
Pure carnage! Meat, meat and more delicious juicy meat.. Not to mention the ambience is uber modern and chic.. We love having our family dinners here to get our red meat fix -- preferably over your run of the mill steakhouses.. 1.) you get a huge variety of cuts and succulent meats - cooked to perfection, 2.) the salads are traditionally top quality dishes native to Latin America and anti pastas, cheeses and soups alone are worth the visit, 3.) the sides dishes included with every table compliment the salads and meat beautifully.  It is a little pricey at about $40 a person, but worth every penny -- our servers have always been outstanding and made our experiences even more worthwhile..
Amazing amazing meal.  I've dined in some of the highest rated restaurants in California and this meal is one of my favorites ever!  Every bite was superb from the sides to the grilled meats.  My favorite was the beef ribs,  melted in my mouth.    Super yum!!  Claudio our server was wonderful and attentive.  Can't wait to  visit Vegas again to dine at Texas de Brazil!
Unbelievable! This place was amazing! I went last night for the first time. Cheryl, our server, was top notch. The Gauchos were all so handsome! But the food - I have no idea how to even describe it! They have the most amazing salad bar I've ever seen! The soup - lobster bisque (which made me think of the yadda yadda episode of Seinfeld) was amazing! And the meat! Seriously a carnivore's dream come true! More than once, I asked for medium rare rather than the medium I was being offered, and before I could even finish the meat I already had on my plate, the medium rare of the next cut was at my table! I think my favorite was the bacon wrapped filet mignon, but everything I tasted was simply amazing! I signed up to be on the email list because no doubt in my mind, I'll be back! Again and again!
You are insane to pay these prices for ca wine 
Pompous and self absorbed
Escape with your credit card
Never made past the bartender 
He ignored us successfully for 20 mins
Good: All meats, all food, salad bar, service, and taste! Best meats you will ever eat.  All the meats are flavored and seasoned to perfection!  The cheese bread is to die for and all the items in the salad bar are amazing.  

Bad: price is $50 bucks per person, but worth it.  There's always about a 20 minute wait and sometimes the salad bar can get crowded.  

Recommend taking a short drive away from the strip and check this place out.  It's a great place to take a date, but make sure you both bring your appetite.
I love Texas De Brazil.  I love the atmosphere; the service; the food; the salad bar and the whole nine yard.  The ambiance and the decoration are definitely modern.  It creates a mood to consume a large amount of meats.  The Brazilian servers dance around you with "sticks of meats" and they don't stop until you throw in the towel - in this case, turn your little card over to the red side to show them that you have had enough.  

I always have fun at Texas De Brazil and will always return for a good time.
You will end up eating more red meat in one night than you should consume in a month, but it is good. There are so many cuts of meat to try. Everything is excellent. It is not dry aged grass fed beef, but it is very good. The salad bar is a meal by itself. I would recommend you try it at least once, but not too much. Red meat bad for you! Tastes good though!
This place is solid. I had never had a meal like this. Fresh meat just keeps on coming. It is pricey for 4 of us it was $235. With that being said I would eat here again. I really liked the chicken and Filet mignon.
Went here for lunch with my wife and I gotta say, the food was fantastic, the service was great, everyone there was super friendly and the guys coming around with the meat after one trip remembered my preference for med-rare and my wife for med. There were a few times he offered me the medium or give him a minute he had some med-rare on the grill. Usually when this happens it's 5-10 mins before I see anyone again. These guys were back almost immediately, very impressive. 

I'm not a salad eater but all the other choices they had were fantastic. The prosciutto, cheeses and other sides available were awesome, it took some self-control not to just fill up on all that. This was our first time to a Brazilian steakhouse and our waiter did a great job of explaining how it all worked.
I've only been to one other Brazilian steakhouse in SF before this, and I ended up stuffed beyond belief.

This time around, a large group of friends and I were in town and had dinner here our first night. We had a reservation but added two extra people last minute which they were fine with, but refused to seat us until those two arrived despite having 11 of us there already. Anyway, we were finally seated and a server gave us the whole spiel on how to get fed and advertised the lobster bisque. We were starving so like a hungry herd, we jetted off to the salad bar and pot of lobster bisque. The salad was refreshing but I tried not to eat too much. Most of us agreed the lobster bisque was good the first few bites, but it was incredibly salty. 

As we finished up the salad, we saw men with sticks of meat approach us. Yay finally! So much meat and so little room in my stomach. I tried most of the things they brought around except for chicken. Most of the table agreed the meats weren't too exciting in flavor and just tasted extremely salty. The cooking was also inconsistent because rare turned out to be well done on some meat sticks, and was straight up raw on other sticks. The cheese rolls and bananas were very yummy as were the mash potatoes, but that stuff is so filling.

Finally after we all tapped out, some people still wanted dessert. The portions were huge but no one was amazed by anything. Anyhoo, the food was just kind of blah and the bill was extremely high for the experience. 

So I don't want to 100% blame Texas de Brazil, but about half of us had an experience similar to the movie Bridesmaids after we got back to the hotel. If you haven't seen the movie, let's just say we spent some quality time with the toilet and had symptoms of food poisoning. Since it was only half the table, I don't think it was food poisoning, but the extremely raw meat probably didn't sit well with some of us. 

If you're a serious carnivore and have some dollars to spare, you might enjoy this place. But for the average eater with an average appetite, that money is probably better spent with an average sized plate.
Took My hubbie to this place for his bday and I must say it is the bom. I can't find nothing wrong with this place. The service was great and alot of different ppl come to your table. We did feel alittle overwhelmed at some point when we had our green light going but its our own fault because we are greedy. All the sides were good. and the meats. I love the Brazilian sausage the most. BOM!! Its a must go. Its a bit expensive but its well worth it.
Excellent gourmet salad bar and skewer meets. Expect to pay $46 per plate. Filet mignon is to die for!
Great for group dining!  Hosted a wedding reception here.  The food was amazing!
Meat!  Meat and more meat!

Oh, and a great salad bar.  Texas de Brazil is one of my top places to go eat in Vegas.  Service is always excellent.  Even though it is on the expensive side for me, the value is outstanding.   All their meats are excellent.  I especially love the filet mignon wrapped in bacon and the house sirloin.  Be prepared to get really full.  Great atmosphere.  Love it!
So, they offer a free meal here for your birthday if you sign up for their enewsletter. Who am I to say no to free food, so I came here  to take full advantage of the fabulous deal.

We came here to celebrate my birthday and dad a great evening. We were seated quickly and surprised by how busy the restaurant was on a Monday evening.

Our waitress was very attentive and gave us the whole spiel about where everything f was and how the process works. We started with the salad bar. Pretty good. The soup was nothing special, so steer clear of that. 

On to the meat. Lots and lots of meat. The good thing about coming in with a coupon was that I didn't feel compelled to overdo it with food. My tummy thanked me for that afterward. 

The stars of the show are the picanha and lamb chops. The beef ribs and top sirloin were solid too. Service was amazing. Very friendly and attentive. Plantains were replenished regularly. These were probably my favorite part of the meal. 

All in all, a great meal was had by all and we will definitely be back for future birthdays with coupons in hand!
Went here the other night for my friends 30th birthday and was nothing short of amazed. If you are a meat fanatic and have a healthy appetite this is defiantly a place for you. The salad bar is overwhelming and they are constantly making sure that everything is fresh. As for dinner, I can't express how delicious and perfectly cooked all the meats are. Do yourself a favor and get the garlic sirloin! If you can make it to dessert you won't be disappointed. All in all Texas de Brazil is a wonderful restaurant with excellent food and service
Had the pleasure of dinner here the other night.  Adam was our server and he was the best.  From explaining how it works for the three newcomers, to keeping the plates rotating, and a fun banter with each of us.  Prefer your lamp chops on the rarer side, just let him know and he'll make it happen

The sixty item plus salad bar is something to see.  Hearts of palms, fantastic smoked salmon, a wonderful onion and cilantro salsa, it's all fab.  Don't miss the lobster bisque and the best bacon bits every in a restaurant.

Now, to discuss the meats....parmasian chicken, bacon wrapped pork, bacon wrapped filet, their special sirloin, lamb chops, rack of lamb, beef ribs, pork ribs, flank steak - bring it all on!

If you can stand a heavy lunch, the price is better and basically the same service as dinner. 

Love meat?  This is the place.
This review is a year late. We originally ate here summer of 2012 and had such a great experience. We recently went back to Las Vegas and unfortunately purchased a groupon for a different Brazilian Steakhouse. I wish we had returned to Texas de Brazil! Their side dishes are so fresh and tasty, and there is a huge variety. We really enjoyed the roasted meat, the cheese rolls, and of course the bananas! The service here was great, and I tell everyone I know that plans to visit Vegas to eat here. We will certainly return here again!
I fell in love with Churascaria when I went to Texas De Brazil about 5-6 yrs ago. Great chain restaurant, consistent, always great service, food amazing, salad bar has endless selections. Lobster Bisque, is honestly what i keep coming back for. The soup is a bonus on top of great meats, so unexpected.
Had the most amazing dinner here! Food was outstanding, service was phenomenal, and the wine was yummy too! Pricey, but worth every penny. Had reservations for a large party and they accommodated us with our own room.  The servers were prompt with bringing the meat around. Bacon wrapped chicken was to die for! Can't wait to go back!
I love Brazilian steakhouses and this is the best I've been to. I preferred it to Fogo. Free meal for your birthday and it's a clear winner. Great service and great food. Picanha and lamb are my favorites. I'll be back.
I posted pictures months ago I guess I forgot the review. So here it goes the food is awesome meats are cooked to perfection and they do to stop the salad bar has so much it's crazy I joined their club thingy and I'm always getting coupons and u get one for your birthday month make reservations you won't be disappointed
The best Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to! 

Pros:
Meats were fresh
"Salad" bar had great selections and yummy cheeses
Drinks were good and strong
Desserts were delicious
Our server was awesome

Cons:
Off the strip (however, it's in a huge shopping center with lots of stores -- after we ate, we walked around and did some shopping to walk off the weight)

Note:
Price was $49 per person + tax - All you can eat!
I've been to the location in Aruba and was really excited when I realized they had a Texas De Brazil in Vegas! 

I was here at the peak of summer and after a day of basking in the sun, a nice meal with great company was just the way to end a 100+ degree day. 

Lets start with the salad bar, its spectacular! The quality of food is excellent and the number of options they offer is amazing. From the smoked salmon, asparagus, caprese salad, and the AMAZING cheesy bread balls they offer at the table, I almost have no room for the amazing meats they offer! 

Now onto the meats, I can't come here and NOT get the full experience of brazilian barbecue. I can honestly say that I enjoyed every meat I tried here. The people were friendly and as long as your card was green, there was always someone offering you something whether it be bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, etc.

This definitely isn't a place I would visit regularly since I would probably weigh 100000 pounds if I did, but this place is definitely worth the experience and the price.

PS. The martini choices: YUMMY.
Always a great food experience.
Reservation was for 6:45, but didnt get seated until after 7. (-)
I will forever reccomend to friends and warn to fast before eating here.
Great meal for the price. Meats were all tender and salad/sides bar and lobster bisque were good also.
The Peruvian salad is a perpetual fave. The sirloin should not be missed.  Service is just average.  They don't bother to pick up your used plates or refill your drinks (this has happened each and every time we've been, 5+ times), but the food is so damn good we keep going back, and taking company too.  If the service was any good this would be 5 stars all the way.
I decided I'd better include this review in my portfolio even though it's been a few weeks since we celebrated my friend's birthday here. Endless meat sounds pretty good on the surface, right?

Here's why this doesn't work: they overwhelm you by bringing out all the meats really quickly, so you're just tempted to load your plate. Also, a lot of the meat options run pretty similarly to each other in terms of texture and flavor, and some of the meats fall flat (pork tenderloin, looking at you here). Always ask for small pieces on the first go around if possible so you can see what you really would enjoy.

It's not just protein issues here. Desserts costing even more after charging so much for the meat is really mindblowing to me. Finally, why are they not making the cheesy bread balls unlimited? Even Red bloody Lobster gives you as much bread as you want. So much meat demands vehicles for helping you get the meat into your belly, and this place just lacks in that category.

I would recommend the flank steak and one or both of the lamb options. Nothing else stuck out in my mind enough to make it to this review, and nothing really made an impression on me as a truly premium meat cut/preparation.

If you're going to charge $60+ after tax for a buffet, you'd better blow my mind. These guys didn't. It might be worth it if you're going in a ridiculously small group to celebrate your birthday dinner. Otherwise, save your money for Bacchanal, Korean BBQ, AYCE sushi, or a legitimate high-end steakhouse and thank me later.
Come hungry and ready to spend about after food and drinks $250 for 2. It's worth the money. Beautify place to eat and the small bar is cool with a few friends.
We celebrated my brother's 50th birthday dinner here.  I loved the atmosphere and the awesome service.  The salad bar was fantastic. However they say don't fill up on salad..... do I listen?? Nooooo....... I enjoyed the Lobster Bisque soup as well. Once you finish with your salad, you flip your little card over to green which informs the waiter's that you are ready for the meat!  OMGosh.... one waiter after another arrive with various cuts of meat on skewers.  You have the option of  saying yes or no.  I thoroughly enjoyed the beef and chicken pieces.  I can't remember what all chose, all I know is it was very satisfying. The meat just melted in your mouth....oh and the sauteed mushrooms were sooooo good!  I honestly ate too much still full this morning! This is a great place to impress a date or  for a business dinner.
lobster bisque was ono! first time at vegas location, great service just like the aruba loc.
Aaaaaaamazing. 
We made reservations for a 1pm lunch, walked in the door and our table was ready within 1 minute while others waited.
sat down and were immediately waited on by Grazzy. 
Buffet was bad ass with Manchego, shrimp and even stuff like "spicy cauliflower" which i had never seen.
Each person was given a "stopper" rather than the whole table and the meats were phenomenal. 
service was exceptional and tea was routinely filled. 
I rarely leave a restaurant wowed, but this was the case.
A bit pricey at $34.99, but worth it with the quality of food and service.
All I have to say is AMAZING!!! Was visiting some friends in Vegas and they took us here. They had a  Great selection at the salad bar. Great side dishes love the mashed potatoes and the cheesy bread OMG so good!!!! Love Love Love this place cant wait to come back! The meat selection was awesome and the service was even better. Everyone was so friendly and helpful! Drinks were made perfectly! We were way to stuffed to try any dessert but I bet they are just as good as everything else in this place!
Before my favorite churrascaria opened, I used to go here. Although it's cheaper here and they're open for lunch everyday and they have goat cheese at the salad bar, the service and food quality is marginal. 

They have the usual Brazilian BBQ salad bar items such as smoked salmon, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, cheeses, olives, salami, beans and rice etc. They give you pao de queijo, fried bananas and mashed potatoes. The meats include chicken, beef, pork, sausage and lamb. I've tried their Key Lime pie, cheesecake, flan and chocolate mousse all of which were just ok.

The gaucho guys seem to take longer going around and when I come to a churrascaria, I come famished...waiting cannot happen. They seem careless too. I'd have blood/ oil/ meat juice drip next to my plate or my arm! Obrigadinha!

Out of the churrascaria's in Vegas. FdC on Flamingo is #1 on my list, TdB is #2, VB in Summerlin is #3...and that P place in Planet Hollywood? Forget it!
Awesome place. Best meat you will ever find. Try the Top Sirloin House Sepcial. Only downside: it is really noisy and crowded most of the time. Not really a place for a romantic dinner. But if you want a good meat fix with friends: go for it!
Great food! Great service! Our waitress, Sam, was on point and attentive to our needs. Since this was our first time in the restaurant, she gladly explained how everything worked. When she greeted us at the front, she wished my daughter Happy Birthday! That showed she was ready before we arrived. 

Everything was delicious! But I highly recommend the lobster bisque, house special and filet mignon!
Bacon wrapped filet, Parmesan pork lion, Parmesan chicken, top sirloin, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb shank, lobster bisque, grana padano, prosciutto di Parma, and much more!! How can you not love this place? It's protein overload!!!
Wow. Super disappointed.

I was here three years ago, for my birthday, and remember it being  A LOT better.
We made a reservation online, and were seated quickly...it was our anniversary, and like I said, I hadn't been there in 3 years, and my guy had never been there.

First off, I know it's minor, but it is very dimly lit in there... So, factor that in with the noise factor, and you can barely recognize what you are being offered/served. We arrived during 'Happy hour'....that is only offered in the bar. Can't really enjoy that with a child, can we? But our waitress, who didn't offer her name, nor had a name tag told us that she "wouldn't mind if we went to the bar to get a drink."

Oh, how gracious of you.

I saw that they had a coconut mandarin mojito, that didn't sound very appetizing to me, so I asked if there was a way to do a pineapple one. The waitress said that would be no problem. The $12 mojito should be left to the Cuban Cuisine  at Havana Grill......Sorry, Brazil.

Words can't describe the taste... Barely any pineapple, I felt like it was over poured, or mixed wrong....I guess that's what I get for asking for a custom drink.

The salad bar was probably the highlight. The little circles hardly mean anything to the servers. After we had decided that some of the meat was either salty, or too tough, we had flipped all three of the circles provided to red. However, we were constantly interrupted by servers. At least 6 times.

The best meat that we had was the bacon wrapped chicken. It was moist, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned..and the lamb chop...even though it was gamey-er than any other lamb that I have ever had...Everything else was just kind of a miss. My guy stopped eating a lot earlier than I did, he said that he was feeling funny....

Well, that funny feeling had hit BOTH of us by the time we got home. We felt severely nauseated....I have never felt this way so quickly after eating food.

Needless to say, $120 (before tip, with 1 drink), is way too much for us to pay to get sick.
Best filet mignon, lamb chops and the mix drinks are also great. Best Brazilian steak house. Can't wait to return!!!
First time at Texas de Brazil and I was so surprised at how overwhelming it can be.  Nick finally had to remind me to turn my card over (I forgot).  The salad bar is the best I've seen - so many selections and when I saw proscuitto, that was it for me.

Surprisingly (or maybe not so surprising), the flank steak was my favorite.  I forget how good flank steak it, it just needs some TLC to bring out the best it has to offer.  Tender, juicy, and very flavorful!  I enjoyed the mashed potatoes as well - fluffy and salted (maybe a just a bit too much salt).

One hitch - the wine that was brought out was the wrong vintage; it was two years younger.  We tried it anyways, and it was ok.  I don't know if there was a price difference, and nothing was offered.  Not a big enough deal to fret over it, but something to be aware of.
It's was our second time on this restaurant. We decided to go back coz we liked it a lot. Sad to say this will be our last dinner here. Hostess makes the first impression to the guest. We arrived exactly 7:30 as our reservation said but didn't got seated and had to wait another 15 mins as we see everyone coming in get seated right away. I had to ask and complain if not I don't think we'll get seated. So we are already not in the mood as our first impression was terrible hostessing service. Servers are great and was always making sure everything was nice. Salad bar are good and meats are great aside from BBQ beef ribs looks like corned beef. One manager came to the table and apologized and said dessert on us. For costumer recovery it should have been informed to the servers but still we didn't get it. And we didn't say manager said to give us dessert as it should have been relied to them. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant anymore and will not eat here ever. I was really disappointed with the hostess as they affect the whole dining experience.
First time here and there was nothing I ate that was not delicious! So good!! Everything tasted so fresh; words cannot describe! Especially the deserts....  And meats and salad bar YUM.
The food is phenomenal and worth every expensive penny.
First time ever going to a restaurant that served food like this. I felt a little awkward at first not knowing exactly how things worked. My server was Peter who was an amazing server that kept checking up on us an went out of his way to ensure that the people serving food would have the meat well done for my beautiful gf. That was the brownie points on service, felt like we were being well taken care of. The food was amazing but the chickens were so-so but everything else was delicious. Thanks to the waiter will be returning!
P.s. Love the deserts!
All the steak, chicken, ribs, and lamb you can eat. Need I say more?

This place is my F A V O R I T E restaurant of all time because it delivers very well on the key components of an amazing feast. First, the ambiance is incredibly classy and vibrant, which makes you WANT to eat at this restaurant.

Second, their service is superb! From the moment you walk in everyone is super friendly and accommodating. Once you sit at your table, the entire staff makes sure there is always a parade of perfectly grilled meats constantly showing up at your table

Last, but not least, their desserts are amazing! Anything from their excellent Creme Brle to their Papaya Cream will make a great ending to a perfect meal. Oh and do not forget to sign up for their eClub...you get a FREE dinner for your birthday and anniversary.
Great meal here with friends after running the LV Half Marathon. Started things off with an ultra small plate of selections from their impressive salad bar. I need protein! Screw the green stuff. The Lobster Bisque should not be missed though. Hammerred alot of the meats especially the Lamb Chops... wow! Tip: don't forget to ask for/try any meat sauces they have - the ChimmiChurri was nice. Take your lipitor afterwards & sleep nicely...
I had an absolute blast eating here! How can someone not enjoy eating tons of meat freshly carved right in front of you? And the best part is that you get to stay in your seat!

The server tells you how it's done when you eat here. Pretty much, you're given this card and when it is flipped to the green side, it let's the people know you want food. When it's flipped to the red side, it means they're not gonna come by anymore. You can go up to the salad bar area and get a variety of different dishes from quinoa, smoked salmon, peppers, the soup of the day, there is just so many things to get! I personally rather get full off of the meat, but that's just me. 

You are given these dishes that everyone gets I guess. I remember from both times I went, we were given these fried bananas, (which was super delicious by the way!), and the time I went, we were given mashed potatoes and cheesy bread. I personally just are the bananas because once you take a bite, you will surely understand why I didn't eat very much of the bread or mashed potatoes.

They have so much meat roaming around like flank steak, pork & beef ribs, fillet mignon, chicken, pork... There's just too many. Try everything at least once and enjoy yourself! If you like something in particular, you can ask your server for the guy with a particular meat to come by. 

Our server I think was named Richard and he was a pretty cool guy. He refilled our waters and he provided us with bananas whenever we asked. 

Overall, the dining experience here is amazing. I highly recommend coming here if it is within your budget. Of course it's pricy, but I had a ton of fun eating here. With good service and even better food, this is the place to let loose!

And reservations are recommended!
Great place food was great and the staff was great. We had our company Holiday party here and the staff was very attentive. I will definitely return!!!
I would usually give Texas de Brazil 5 stars but for some reason, their lamb chops and leg of lamb is always overcooked, arrives med well to  well. Otherwise, this is our to go place when we crave meat (and lots of it!). But overall, always a good experience.
Gauchos with awesome pants and loads of meat!!!! Need I say more? 

Texas De Brazil is beyond great! It's fantasmic ( if that was a word)! The steak is to die for,especially the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin. This steak house has endless choices. You can get anything from Parmesan Crusted Chicken to every steak out there. Did I mention the ribs, pork and prime Rib is amazing!!!?? The cooking methods produce juicy and succulent flavors. 

Now even though the meat is the star the Salad bar is ridiculous and beyond compare. The Gorgonzola grape salad is "omg" good. Smoked Salmon and Lobster bisque soup are always invited to the herbage party a the salad bar as well as hearts of Palm, tabouli salad and fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. My favorite is the fresh cheese and asparagus with raspberry sauce! 

Needless to say I'm in love with the menu all the way down to dessert! But the real kicker is how nice the staff is and how attentive the waiters are.
I got a fresh plate exactly when needed, refills right in time and endless cheesy bread balls! ( have no clue about the technical name for the bread) I will go here any chance I get. It's clean and has great food and friendly faces! I love this place!!
Wow. Great food, and Great service.

I took my team out for a celebratory dinner, they chose Texas de Brazil. Everything started with Adam, our server, he knew everything about this restaurant, everything in it, the menu, the ingredients, and probably my mother's maiden name. 

Never have I experienced such an amazing array of well seasoned, and diverse meat. Not a huge meat fan? No problem, a huge salad bar comprised of many different options (that did not grow up on a farm) awaits. 

Can't wait to go back!
Service can be a little slow but very pleasant waitstaff. They had a variety of meat going around, ranging from BBQ ribs to steak, lamb, chicken, and pork. I sampled all the steak items and found the top sirloin (the non-garlic kind) to be the best. This particular item was juicy, perfectly medium rare and tasty. However, the star of the night was probably the mashed potato and the lobster bisque for me. If you have a big tummy, you may enjoy the salad bar a tad bit more. There are many delectable items there that you don't normally find in a typical salad bar. 

This isn't a place for little girls with tiny tummies. I don't know how much it costs to eat here but I probably ate about $10 worth of food. What a waste.
My second visit to one of their locations while on a business trip. Again very impressed by the customer service and the variety of offerings. Everything was top notch and the server made sure we had everything we could possibly want.

Besides, what's better than meat being brought to you by the Churrascarias? That's just fun, right?

My wife was enjoying her first ever visit. The salad bar alone had her impressed. She's not a huge red meat fan, but found plenty of great offerings from the Churrascarias to keep her very satisfied and full.

Overall a great place to dine, if your wallet allows you to. ;-)
Oh My God!!! where has this place been all of my life.  This place is protein central.  Everything from Lamb Chops, Beef & Pork Ribs, Garlic Chicken, Pork Tenderloin, and all of the many types of beef you can ask for.  By now, after reading all other reviews, you know how they work.  Various runners come around and ask you if you want the select cut of meat they have with them.  Awesome!!!

I have been here twice now and both times I had more than my fair share of their offerings.  The first time I made a rookie mistake and hit the salad bar.  But, made up for it the second time.  Although, the reason for coming here is the variety of tasty dead animal flesh, there is another reason for coming.  Lobster Bisque.  So good!!!  I had 2 bowls both times that I have been.  I'm more than positive we will be back.
I don't believe I forgot to write a review for this place last year!
Although it's been awhile, I'll say if you get a chance-definitely go and give it a try!
They have a huge salad bar, large selection of meats and fantastic sangrias.
They meats are bbq'd on metal skewers then brought to your table.  As I recall, it's mostly 2-3 inch pieces and they slide it onto your plate.  
I can't say anything about dessert.  We had some but it wasn't as memorable as the meal itself.  :) 
Service was great.
We walked in on time because of traffic and our table was ready so we walked in.  Luckily after our last years party we asked for a quiet spot so we could talk so we were seated in a private room (like an Atrium) behind the bar and off the main dinning area.  Extremely private and nice and quiet but with the cold spell we are having a bit on the chilled side.  Can't complain about that since we asked for a private area.

Our waiter offered choices for water and told about the specialty drink of the house greeted us.  Caipirinha their signature cocktail, which includes fresh-squeezed lime, sugar and crushed ice. Served with any choice of Cacha Brazilian rum like liquor.  We were given the option to have it signature style and add flavor later if it is too strong or leave it as is.  It is strong but you feel it in your cheeks not in your taste buds!  So we left it! LOL

Not my first time here so I highly recommend the salad bar and even higher recommend the lobster bisque, amazing!  Don't eat the bread at the table because meat coma comes quickly I would like you to get home before you fall asleep form both meat and bread coma! 

Once the door to our room was opened is was a free for all meat was pilled on the plates freely and soon was over run we had to close the doors to keep them out and they still kept coming.  Ugh so much good food in retrospect I wish I would have waited for the bacon wrapped filet mignon V/S the regular I didn't like the lamb much but love lamb normally and the tabouli salad and smoked salmon in Dijon mustard amazing! 

Sadly I didn't want to over eat and left happy but that meant I could not enjoy the deserts but form the look of everyone else that looked amazing!
great selection, the servers are super nice, if you're looking for a specific cut of meat you can ask them to bring it over. 

my absolute favorite thing here is the chocolate mousse cake (i would drive to LV from Los Angeles JUST for the cake) and also the guarana soda is very yummy. just make sure you're hungry before you come because it's a bit on the pricey side and you don't wanna let that AYCE go to waste.
If you're reading this, odds are you live in Las Vegas.  And, if you live in Las Vegas, odds are you are accustomed to excess, which is a good thing if you're planning to eat at Texas de Brazil because it is just gloriously self-indulgent, and one of the most memorable dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas so far.

First off, this is a Brazilian-style churrascaria, so it's all about the meat.  Skip the salad bar.  The offerings are delicious (which I would remember more succinctly had I not subsequently gone into meat comma) and that's kind of the problem.  I was halfway full once I started sampling the meats.  The expertly prepared chunks of dead animal are the stars of the show, so go straight for that.

Off the top of my head, I sampled sirloin, filet mignon, chicken, pork, some kind of sausage, ribs, and delicious bits of vegan hipster, I'm pretty sure.  For the most part, everything was amazing, I only wasn't particularly impressed with the chicken.  My absolute favorite was the sirloin, which I prefer rare and was pleased to find it was cooked to perfection.  Slightly charred on the outside, fat still on the meat, and blood red on the inside. 

We accompanied our meal with a pitcher of sangria, which I found a little lacking in kick, and at $30 a pop, it needs to satisfy.  Still, the meat was so absolutely delicious that this was hardly a detriment to the experience.  The service was excellent. Very prompt and courteous.  You just flip a card, and a seemingly endless army of gauchos bombards you with all the delicious meat you can possibly handle.  Our waitress was also informative, extremely pleasant and did not rush us at all even when we got close to closing time.

TdB is pricey, so best enjoyed for special occasions (unless you gorge on unicorn steak fortnightly) but it is worth every penny.  We will positively be back.  And I won't be going near anything even closely resembling a vegetable.
went to Texas de Brasil on Tuesday evening, had the best time. food is always amazing. Our server was Kristen, who was extremely friendly, pleasant and attentive, but was also very professional. the entire staff was great. but if you go, ask for Kristen, she is the best!!
Great food and beer. Don't fill up on the sumptious salad bar before the meat arrives. I always start with the sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. Primo!!!! Super friendly staff.
The wife and I came across this restaurant while in aruba. The following year they built this one in vegas. This is by far my favorite restaurant. I refuse to go to any other Brazilian steakhouse because of this one.
I am not much of a meat eater, but I have to say that the meat is not that great. Too salty for my taste and the employees do not seem to understand the concept of their own " do no interrupt" signal. They bombard you with more and more. Almost all their meat is wrapped in bacon. This is rather annoying since I don't eat pig at all. Their salad bar is less than impressive. I rate it 3 stars due to the staff being friendly and helpful. 

If you are a big meat eater, you will enjoy this place. Also, if you like meat with lots of salt.
Food was great and the servers were great but the manager was rude and unprofessional.  Sorry but Vegas is full of great places to eat so we will not be returning.
We love this place and I wish we had one in San Diego...or maybe it is best that it is sooo far away.  Best left for occasional visits to Vegas, because it is THAT good.

Plus there are plenty options for the Gluten Free society, which was a plus for my MIL.  

The meat was all seasoned wonderfully, the space is large, customer service friendly and attentive.   Must do when in Vegas!
Oh how I love thee... Just thinking about my experience here makes my mouth water. I was very pleased with the quality of meat served in Texas de Brazil. For those who have not been to a Churrascaria before, servers make their way through the restaurant with meat on swords which they offer to customers if their cards on the table are turned green side up. There is also a salad bar that offers a variety of cheeses, olives, smoked salmon (my favorite!), asparagus (also a favorite!), bacon, salads, variety of Italian salami, sauted mushrooms (yes please!), rice,  sushi, fresh mozzarella, au gratin potatoes and probably a bunch of other stuff I am not recalling. I would not advice filling up at the salad bar and may be grabbing an extra plate for your meats as they will start flowing to your table. 
At the table you will get garlic mashed potatoes, cheese bread (yum!) and sweet plantains. AND THEN! As mentioned prior the meats will start flowing... The parmesan crusted chicken, bacon wrapped sirloin, garlic rubbed house sirloin were my favorite. The variety of meats is extensive and fluctuates between pork, chicken, beef, and lamb. 
If you develop a need for a sweet satisfaction after your feast, there is always desert. The Brazilians cheesecake was delicious, Crme Brulee was.. eehh ok.
Your beverages are not included in the price so be prepared to pay extra and they serve pretty good cocktails. I'm pretty sure that the tip is split between the waitress and the carvers (don't quote me on that) so remember that when tipping.
Was very good busy inside but they still had good service. .i ate too much lots to chose from
Make sure you don't eat anything for the whole day before coming here! The salad bar is amazing with tons of items to choose from, and the meat... Wow! Every single one of them is delicious. My husband and I come here very often and the service is always great, super friendly staff. A+!
We think this is the best Brazilian all you can eat place.  The decor is dark and sumptuous.  The salad bar is stocked full of goodies.  There is always a giant wheel of carved cheese to savor.  The lobster bisque is divine.  The charcuterie is always good.  

The meat the meat and more meat.  Tender is the filet mignon.  Try the beef ribs when they are done right - just melts in your mouth.  I don't like fruit in particular but I like them sweet banana things they give you.  

The service is good.  The waiters try their best to deal with a huge crowd.  You can order what you want instead of waiting for the cowboys to come by with their offerings.  They don't always get it to you right away though.  

The weak point is the dessert.  I wouldn't pay on top of your meal price for extra desserts.  They aren't that good.  Eat more bananas.  :)

I also subtracted a star because I think we got food poisoning there one time.  I suppose it is the risk one takes when food sits out and there are a lot of people around.  :(
Too pricey. No drink refills. Weird stuff in salad bar. Great tasting meat though. All you can eat too. Great variety.
Excellent food quality and quantity.  Loved this experience.   Only suggestion is a "smaller" lunch for a smaller price.  $30 per person for a lunch seems spendy.   It was worth $30, but I couldn't come close to eating $30 worth for lunch.  Overall great experience!
Amazing amazing amazing.   Food is so good.   Try the salmon at the salad bar.   Eat their silion steak.   Meat overload... Must shut downnnnnnn.
Some places my eyes are bigger than my appetite and I eat until I feel like the guy at the end of Monty Python's the meaning of life,

Maitre d': Good evening sir and how are we today?
Mr. Creosote: Better.
Maitre d': Better?
Mr. Creosote: Better get a bucket. I'm gonna throw up.

Good thing they didn't bring me the after dinner mint.

I have been to a few of these Brazilian Churrascarias and usually find them to be overhyped.  Over the last 10 years, when I have been on a plane looking through Hemispheres or another airline's mag, there is always a Texas de Brazil ad jumping out at me and I say "I have to try that".  So finally I got to try it and I must say, for the most part, it was heaven on a plate.  

Short explanation for those who ask "What the heck is a Churra whatica?"  It is like dimsum for Meat lovers.  Waiters roam the room with meat on skewers and ask if you want some or not.  Don't worry about the button that says green or red because they don't really pay attention to it.  The meat is rubbed with spices and barbecued making it juicy and flavorful.  

First though, you get a small hot/cold salad bar which included some very good lobster bisque.  So good several people at my table including myself felt that we could just eat lobster bisque all night.  Butttttt, NO. We had to sample more.  Buffalo Mozzerela, Artichoke, sauteed hot and cold mushrooms, scalloped potatoes, salad, bread, cheese, salami, proscuitto, and more.  WARNING, DANGER WILL ROBINSON, no matter how yummy this stuff looks, do not, I repeat, DO NOT, fill up on the salad bar.  The best is still to come.

Back at the table with an iced tea waiting, the waitress brought out little trays of garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas.  The mashed potatoes weren't bad but really, they are the last thing you should put on your plate as they will fill you up faster than a gas station attendant named Barry Allen (obscure comic book reference).  On the other hand, you will want to eat the bananas as they are sweet sticky confections almost desert quality.

Finally, the first waiter with meat skewers nears the table.  Everyone falls into a hush wondering what our first taste is..... and it is sirloin, well seasoned and juicy, with rare, medium and well on separate skewers.  Before we knew it, our plates were filled with lamb chops, sausage, pork, beef ribs, flank steak, pork ribs, chicken, and bacon wrapped filet.

All the meat was very properly cooked and juicy.  The ribs were a little fatty and the one i received was way over seasoned but the lamb chops were excellent, the filet of course good, and my favorite, the pork loin, one very overlooked cut of meat, IMHO, was excellent.   Don't be afraid to tell the waiter "no mas" or your plate will be piled to the roof.  The food does begin to taste the same with the seasoning but the flavor of the meat is never overwhelmed.

BTW it is always the thin ones who eat the most and our group was no exception.  I was very controlled and did not have too much despite my eyes telling me to eat more.

I did sample the bananas foster pie which was excellent.
It's a meat frenzy. I think I'm in heaven!  Texas de Brazil does it right and i've never walked away with an empty stomach.  Aside from a well stocked salad bar this place offers a great ambiance and service.  But you don't come here to eat a salad, you come for the meat and they bring plenty of it right to your table.  It's simple and not over seasoned which in my opinion makes it taste so great.  

My suggestion, skip the lunch and save room for dinner at Texas de Brazil.  Your stomach will thank you.  It's Legen....wait for it... DARY!
On top of the excellent food,  the staff is amazing.   The manger walked over just to see how we were doing,  he was fantastic!   Great all around experience!
My favorite brazillian bbq anywhere - we try to hit this place up every time we're in Vegas.  The meat is always really good, but what sets this place apart from the rest (including Fogo de Chao) is the salad bar.  Other yelpers have said it already, but I'll reiterate - the lobster bisque is amazing.  They also have sushi, sauteed mushrooms, cheese, and some of the best cheese bread I've eaten.  And for the ladies - this place is full of attractive male waiters, unlike the rest of Vegas which pretty much caters only to your husbands/boyfriends.  It makes the phrase "Bring your meat over here!" mean something completely different if it's me or my wife saying it :-)  A must try in Sin City!
The lunch is fantastic, but requires RSVP also. They serve the same meats selection as dinner with the cheaper price! The salad bar offers fresh and flavorful green. My favorite meats are picanha, flank steak, beef ribs and filet mignon (which is little dry, but it is good). All the servers were friendly and attentive. It was a great time for me, and I would definitely come back for More!
If you are a meat eater, don't even bother to read the rest of my review or any of the other reviews.  Run, don't walk to this place and get more than your fifty bucks worth of lamb chops, and lamb shoulder, and sirloin, and ribs, and sausage, and strip steak, and ....you get the idea.   The meat was glorious (just avoid the well done cuts).   Minimize your time with the salad bar, and the mashed potatoes, and the plantain (or was it banana?).   Stick with the meat until you can't eat anymore.   Tell them I sent you.  Reservations recommended, go after 8:30 when the dinner rush is over.
It was alright.  It bothered me how loud the music was playing, it made the other people in the restaurant talk louder to hear them.  It bothered me that they have no table cloth and after a while blood is smeared all over.  It bothered me that the meat cutters would a lot of times by pass my "red" card and start carving me meat because Joey M. had a "green" card.  The meat itself was mediocre, it needed more seasonings.  It was fine as long as you have it medium rare, but medium was really dry and a little chewy.  The shrimp at the salad bar were the small shrimp, in fact the shrimp at Red Rock Buffet for $15 a person were bigger.  I'm just saying for $50 a person I expected more.  I expected Fogo de Chao so next time I will just go to Fogo instead.  I would rather go to Fogo on my birthday pay for the meal, then go to Texas de Brazil and eat for free.  The tap water tasted funky too.
We made a 6:30 reservation and weren't sat until 6:50, which isn't a big deal but we had $750.00 tickets to a show that started at 9 across town. Unfortunately because of this as soon as we were sat down we stuffed out faces with GREAT food. Ate way too quick and were over stuffed immediately.

There bread is amazing, all the meat was great ( a little salty though)

Sides were all well prepared as well
You see, having a good server compliments your dining experience. We got lucky to have Leedke for our server. He is phenomenal. Granted that he gave me three servings of the banana with cinnamon since I'm a sucker for plantain. Anyway, the buffet of side dishes is superb. The meats were exceptional most especially the sirloin. My husband likes his meat rare, and rare he got. Only thing I can recommend for improvement is the level of saltiness of the meats. They're way salty (and I like my sodium).
Where do you go in vegas with a group of 12 hungry guys? TEXAS DE BRAZIL!!!!

We arrived there on a Saturday afternoon about 1230.  Doors opened at 11am so figured there wouldn't be much of a crowd.  As i walked in, the placed seemed very upscale with table linens, glass goblets, fancy decor and hostess station.  I walk up to the hostess asking for a table of 12. She kinda looks at me in a strange way as if we were a bunch of ghetto asians.  I have to say we were dressed casual in jeans and tshirts but we did noticed some other customers were dressed in shorts and flip flops. She says we can not seat you until your whole party is here and i said, they are all here and showed her.  Then she says give me 15mins to prepare your table. In my head, why didn't you just says, your table will be ready in 15mins. SMH.

After we got seated, the waiter was very friendly by asking if this was our first time eating here and if we know how this works. Everyone had the jest of how the process worked but the waiter still explained it.

Started off with the Salad bar to get my veggies in my system and to get my metabolism going. Cant just dive into the meat and get super stuffed right away.  I have to say the presentation and freshness of all the foods was excellent and looked marvelous.  My favorite was the marinated shrimp and smoke salmon.  They did offer a lobster bisque as a soup but didn't want to get a bowl of it as i know its super rich and made with heavy cream.  Also it will take room in my stomach and less room for the meat. 

Now comes to the meat. We were served top round, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped with bacon, flank steak, chicken Parmesan drumlets, sausage, lamp chop, beer ribs, short ribs and pork ribs. Out of all those meats, i'd say the best was the top round because it was very tender, juicy and full of flavor.  The skin was grilled and had a small crunch to it which made it extra good.  As for the not so good one was the lamp chop since it still had the lamby taste.  I had lamb chops at other restaurants and it didn't give off that taste. 

Overall, If the hostess treated us better, i would definitely gave this place 5 stars, no doubt!!
This place is delicious! Don't pig out on the rather impressive salad bar because you won't have room left for all the meat!

I was a huge fan of the bacon wrapped chicken and the bacon wrapped fillet mignon, but all the meats were delicious.

They give you this fried banana to cleanse your pallet, kinda strange for me because I don't do too much fine dining, but it did what it was supposed to and was surprisingly good. The potatoes they offer you are also delicious. I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it!
If you have never been to Texas de Brazil, it is basically an all you can eat meat place. The provide you with a HUGH salad bar which by itself can fill you up if you are not careful. All the items on the salad bar I had were fresh and delicious.

The waiters walk around the table and slice off meat and everything I had at this location was delicious, although the garlic filet was a bit over powering on the garlic. My favorite was the sausage and the regular filet, you could cut it with a fork.  

I have been to several other locations and they do a good job of maintaining quality and this location was no exception. Staff here was very attentive and pleasant.
Fantastic experience that I will not be able to afford again for a long time.

Beautiful restaurant, very attentive and friendly staff, and the food, My Gosh, the food!

I'll just ramble off some of the highlights.  Salad bar: lobster bisque, smoked salmon, mozarella balls, bacon, and the goat cheese.  Meat favorites:  House specialty sirloin, lamb chops, and filet mignon.

Left very stuffed and very satisfied.
First time at Texas De Brazil in Vegas.  Having been to one in Dallas previously, I knew what to expect.

I went with several people in my industry after a trade show.

The salad bar was just what I needed.  Being a sucker for Spinach, I was able to concoct a spinach salad with all the decadent goodies I wanted, while not spoiling my appetite for the meatfest to follow.  Fresh mozzarella balls, balsalmic, ripe tomato slices...perfect.

The meats were broiled to perfection, speedily brought around to the tables, and rarely did I see the same cuts, unless I had seen the rest of the variety  first.  The lamb chops and leg were my favorite.
Although the address is correct,  when you use the directions on the Yelp mobile app you are directed to the AIRPORT, not the restaurant about a half mile down the road off Sunset. The food and salad bar isn't too bad. How many filets and potatoes can you really eat until you feel terribly full.
Now Texas de Brazil is my kind of place. All you can eat Brazilian-American Churrascaria (steakhouse). They'll bring it all to your table and all you have to do is flip a little card green for more and red for no more. I like it so much that I was there twice last month and I'm thinking about going later this week. 

My favorite is what I only refer to as the "house special" when asking for more meat. It's a beef top sirloin picanha. The meat is just perfect, good when eaten medium, medium well, or well done. Tender and not overly salty like some of the other meats offered. You can have them fill a plate entirely of the house special, which I did, or spread servings with other items, which I also did. Did I mention this is my favorite?

The other meats I liked were the beef rib, which was more of the Texan or Americanized aspect. The lambs, I do love lamb came in a lamb chop and another cut with a big bone.  The filet mignon, though the house special is a lot better, and a few others. The ones I didn't like were the chicken and pork ones, dry and/or salty making me drink more and getting full faster, and the BBQ pork ribs. The sausage was ok but didn't care for since there were steaks.

Service was good and friendly. Sometimes the guys going around with meat are swarming giving lots of meat. Sometimes drinks are filled when you need them. Sometimes they're on it. But sometimes they're no where to be found and you're waiting for more food, drink, and even the bill.

I was told by many others that the salad bar is was made Texas de Brazil a better choice over Fogo the Chao it was alright but not enough for me to put it over Fogo. There was the lobster bisque, mushrooms, tomatoes, peppers, sushi, cheeses, bacon, various salads, smoked salmon, bananas, mashed potatoes,etc.  I don't waste my time much doing salads at AYCE steakhouse unless I'm taking a break from eating meat or if I only ordered the salad bar which is a cheaper option if you don't want to eat any meat. Hahaha yea I know there are those.

The interior is very nice and it surprisingly holds a lot of people.  There's a bar area also so you can have a few drinks while you wait for your seats.  It does get busy so reservations are suggested. It's louder as you get towards the middle and hard to hold conversations, clubbing music playing, I'd suggest asking for a table along the edge, walls or front.

Visit their website and signup for free birthday BOGO dinner coupon. Hold on to that coupon until the very end cause someone who sat me jacked the coupon and I had to pull the it from my phone. The person in charge was cool about it. It's about $50 saved. I think they'll also bring a complimentary dessert for your birthday but they didn't do it for me. 

It's definitely worth it and it's AYCE steakhouse so of course it's 5 star.  If you get too full take a nice walk around Town Square or take a taxi that's waiting outside.
The wait was ridiculously  long for no reason, which kinda put a damper on my B-day plans. The Salad bar was ok. good sushi! but the meat they bring around delicious! Im not a big meat eater, I barley like steak so if you love red meat its a must. My favorite was the parmesan chicken. They really should incorporate some type of sea food though. Its pricey so save it for a special occasion or to impress a first date. $150 for a salad bar for 2 & meat. The Ambiance is romantic too. I probably wouldn't go back at all . Its just not worth the wait or price.
Beautiful restaurant with great Brazilian barbecue. It was pretty pricey, but I wanted my husband's first experience with Brazilian barbecue to be good.

The food was delicious, big salad bar, & I have to agree with everyone else it was the best lobster bisque I've ever had! Everything was fresh.

I would definitely go back more if it wasn't so pricey.
I am absolutely in love with this place! I was a bit weary at first because everyone said it was all you can eat meat. So I thought that would be all I was eating, but sweet mother of God, that salad bar... yowza! The best salad bar I've ever seen. The meat was fabulous too. All around fun experience. I can't wait to return.
Our favorite Brazilian Steakhouse. A huge variety of meats, several different steak options along with lamb, ribs, chicken, Brazilian sausages and a lot of other good stuff at the salad bar. We usually go to dinner, I believe it's $45.99, pricey but worth it. This place gets busy so make sure you book a reservation in advance.
This rating is an average of two visits. 

I always like to go to an establishment twice before writing a review -- especially if I am able to go to it twice. For Texas de Brazil, the first time I went there was in Jan 2013 and then I went again in Dec 2013. I must say that there were a few noticeable differences.

I'm not going to spend too much time on how Brazilian BBQ works. The one thing I would like to mention is that the food is fabulous. There were certain types of meat that can get a bit salty so me being me, I like to grab some jasmine rice from the salad bar to accompany that salty bit. The chicken and the pork can get dry as well. But it never hurt to try one of everything. It's always a delightful experience to be able to try, or attempt to try, all the types of meat that they offer.

Now onto my real deal. The first time I dined at Texas de Brazil in Jan 2013, my server was wonderful:

- She gave us a drink menu.
- She was attentive to us throughout the night. 
- Near the end, she asked us if there was anything we'd like to eat again or would like to try and she would get the meat/meat carver for us. She named the whole list on top of her head. 

Then the second time I dined at Texas de Brazil in Dec 2013, my server was not as wonderful, for lack of a better term:

- She didn't give us a drink menu. Just named stuff on top of her head. I had wanted to try the drink my boyfriend had in Jan but of course, she just named the basic sodas and water. 
- Near the end of our meal, she never asked us if there was anything else we'd like to try or something we'd like to eat again. Didn't offer any help or assistance. I had to ask her for a list of meats. She, in turn, went to get the "menu" in which took her a good 15 minutes because she forgot about me. Mind you, there were only about 3 total tables in the room. Afterwards, it was one of the meat carvers that offered his assistance and said he'd be glad to get me something that I want to try/eat. Very thankful for him and his attentiveness. 
- My check came in a paper menu versus the hard plush receipt folder that the table next to us got. I'm sorry? There were only 3 tables in our section since we were nearing the end of the night and you give me my check in a folded PAPER menu? You can't have possibly ran out of your nice hard plushy receipt holders. 

Our server waited on our table and the table next to us. She was a lot more attentive towards them, had asked them if there was anything else they'd like to try/eat at the end, and their receipt was properly given. 

I'm not going to jump to conclusions and say that my friends and I got discriminated in Dec 2013 but I can't help but to think of it as that way. The huge differences in our servers between the two visits were astonishing. Just because I look young and I look as though I don't have an unlimited budget doesn't mean you can treat me that way. Because when you do, I definitely don't have any budget for you. 

And a tip, if you want to discriminate, don't make it so obvious. 

I really doubt I'd be returning to this establishment.
I tried Pampas and Fogo deChao but I have to say that Texas de Brazil is my favorite. to me, Texas has a larger selection of the salad bar and meats. I always go there everytime I am in Vegas.
Date night!!!!!!!!!!! I don't always eat red meat. So if I'm going to eat it, might as well go all out!!!! 

The bf made reservations for 6:45 and we were seated right when we got there. It was a Wednesday night so I'm sure that we didn't need the reservations, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Our main waitress came by to introduce herself and to take our drink order. My bf had not been here before so she was nice enough to explain how everything worked.

So here's the rundown: you can help yourself to the full salad bar. Some of the items are obviously salads (spring mix, Cesar, potato caprese, etc) breads and soups. When you are ready for your meats, there is a little card you flip over to the green side. Just be careful not to get full off the salad bar because you obviously are not going to pay +$50 for just appetizers. Servers with various meats come to your table and cut the meat right off the rod onto your plate. When you have had your fill, just flip the card over to the red side so they know you are finished. Your main server brings garlic mashed potatoes and fried plantains to the table to cleanse the pallet in between meats so you can get the taste of each individual one. 

Ok, so now for the food. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad bar, maybe a little too much. Our server told us to pace ourselves but I was so hungry and the salad bar was easily accessible. My favorite was the Cesar salad and onion ceviche. I wasn't about to get any rice or beans because the cheese bread at the table was TDF!!! So cheesy and warm!! I ate all of it and only left one piece for the bf. And of course the meats!! They were amazing! The filet minion and flank steak was our favorite. Perfect medium! Moist and juicy. You could really get the true flavors of the meat itself. The sausage and lamb chops were so full of flavor. I didn't get to taste the ribs or chicken, but the bf enjoyed them as well. 
 
I have enjoyed myself every time I have dined at this establishment. When I am in the mood for some meat, I know that I will not be disappointed here.
The best dining experience we have had in Vegas so far . The service was very friendly and if you go hungry , something is wrong . Well worth the money !
Really fun experience and AWESOME food!! One of my favorite spots!
Don't waste your time at the casino buffets if you want AYCE.  Go here instead.  Perfectly cooked meats, and good quality meats at that.  Legit salad bar that destroys any casino salad bar.

SO MUCH MEAT.  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the meat bonanza that is Texas de Brazil.

Also, go for lunch if you can.  Its cheaper and you don't really miss out on much.  Don't forget to sign up for the e-club as well, because you get a 2-for-1 on your birthday!
Very delicious food here!, try the Bacon Wrapped Chicken Breast, OMG!
Went here last night with another couple.  I had to throw a fit with my husband to get him to go here but I think he's glad I did!!  This place is huge inside and decorated very nice.  They have a salad bar which surprised me and it was AMAZING.  They had so much stuff on it, stuff that you'd never even think about,and the meats they serve are HOT and delish..  If your on a low carb diet I would imagine this would be heaven for you.  Not sure about the marinades but they have tons of different meats that they bring to the table and trim off for you.  The bacon wrapped Filet was fabulous, top sirloin was really tasty too.  Chicken was tender and flavorful. They served leg of lamb, pork, and all kinds of other stuff too. I cant wait to take my parents here too eat.  I cant wait to go back myself!!  there were 4 of us in our party and 3 of us had 1 round of drinks and one had 2 drinks.  We all ordered the full menu and our bill was $262.  They do offer a "lite" menu and that just includes the salad bar, but do yourself a favor and pay the extra and get the whole thing (if you like meat that is)!!  This place is great!! The only thing I'd say is if your looking for a quiet date place where you dont have the server around too much, then this place wouldnt fit that, becuase they come around a lot and offer the meats.
Simply delicious, Everytime I go to Vegas, I stop by here to get my meat fest on
The best food and service. The lamb is to die for and the lobster bisque is delicious. I am never disappointed. Although the prices for the drinks and high the food is worth it.
First thing, if you are planning to eat here make sure to sign up for their rewards club.  You'll get an of instant coupon for $25 off (sometimes it changes) and future offers for discounted meals.  The buffet at dinner time is 50 dollars for all you can eat.

The actual buffet area has quite a few nice items.  I try not to fill up on too many of them so I can get my moneys worth on meat, but there is definitely room for some nice cheese and a few sauteed mushrooms, which go great with the meats I might add.

My personal favorite meats are the Beef Rib, Filet (rare of course), and lamb chop.  The Lamb Leg was the only thing I didn't particularly like as it was a bit too gamy for my tastes.  If you want to request something specific you can ask your waiter and he will normally help you out.  

On that note the only real trick I have about coming here is to try to make a reservation about 30 minutes before closing.  This still gives you plenty of time to eat as the kitchen still produces food for 30 or more minutes after closing, but things are settling down so you have much more chance to just ask anyone around to get you whatever you would like.  I've been 3 times and the 2 times I went towards the end of the night the meal was significantly more enjoyable.
Oh holy cow!! This place is the best. Better than Fogo IMHO.  Went here to celebrate my new job with my husband. The cold bar was delicious, though I didn't love the roasted garlic as it wasn't soft as I had hoped. The meat was top notch, as expected.  The top sirloin, first cut, is the best.  The beef rib was soft, flavorful, and had just enough fat and salt to be perfect!!!  The service was also fantastic.  We will be back when we are there next.
i came here a while ago with my brother and his girlfriend and we left stuffed to the top! this place is amazing. they have people come around with different meat selections and make you want to try everything! i had never been to a Brazilian steakhouse so they explained it all to me. you get a card with red and green sides. of course red means stop and green means GO!!!! you get to make your way to the salad bar which has a variety of different salads and bread and cheese and cold meats.. then the fun begins. when you turn your card over to green one at a time a server will bring delicious meat to your table. they cut it right in front of you or just drop it on your place. AMAZING. they have waiters, of course, that come and check on you and fill your drinks but they don't to the greatness the servers do. :) it was a really fun and delicious experience.
Excellent meats.  If you want lower quality meats like flank steak, they have that but it's not as good at the minion or lamb.  the lamb chops were perfect.  The leg of lamb was a little gamey.  service was great.  as fast as you could shovel it in your mouth is how fast they had another piece of me sitting on your plate.
Great meat and great food! Ambience is awesome! 
 It was my daughter's 20th birthday when we went there and we told them. They were sweet enough to bring us a "happy birthday" slice of cheesecake with a candle when we were done BUT when we got the bill, the cheesecake that they served was in the bill! I did not even know how to react to that..why serve us a cheesecake that we did not order and then charge us for it? 
But the food here is so delish!!
The food here is tasty and unusual, but I would have a hard time saying it was gourmet.  Certainly there is quantity, but I would argue that the quality is less than perfect.  Of the meats, I'd suggest the chicken/bacon combo was the best, while the others were hit and miss.  The salad bar was remarkable insofar as salad bars are concerned, with offerings both unusual and creative:  buffalo mozerella, marinated onions, grilled mushrooms, salmon, and lobster bisque.  We were here with a large group and the format worked well for our food, but our drinks were tardy and ill prepared.
The food was absolutely amazing. The salad bar has anything you could ever want to put in a salad, and then some. To highlight: a handful of different kinds of lettuces, cold cuts, cheese, sauted and steamed veggies, shrimp, and more. Once you're back at your table, they bring you mashed potatoes, cinnamon sugar bananas, and Po de Queijo (which is awesome cheese bread). Now on to the meat. Servers walk around with 15 kinds of meat on skewers, all of which are cooked perfectly. Our favorite were the sirloin, flank steak, lamb, and filet mignon, but they also had lamb chops, sausage, Parmesan-crusted pork, and bacon wrapped chicken and filet mignon. As for drinks, I recommend the red sangria. It's a little sweet, but still really good. 

It's pricey (what isn't in Vegas...), but totally worth it. You have to make a reservation, but I highly recommend trying this place.
Very good food;  excellent service. The salad and side bar is full of fresh and unique items. The meats are very good-tender and flavorful. The flank steak is the most flavorful and is my favorite. The bacon-wrapped filet melts in your mouth. Our service was excellent-drinks always full, server made sure to send over the meats we were waiting for. Overall a very nice dining experience.
This was our 3rd time to this restaurant and we were supremely let down and won't return to this location.

We've been to 3 locations, Yonkers, Aruba and Las Vegas, all multiple times. This most recent experience was very disappointing. 

The main two downfalls were the service and food quality. 

1. Service: The entire meal felt very rushed, especially for 6pm on a Wednesday.  For us, it's all about the experience; eating good food and staying out of the casinos! Unfortunately, the servers rapidly kept coming to our table, and one was in such a rush, he whipped the lamb around so fast that we had pieces of meat and au ju on our table for the remainder of the night. Also, one time around, instead of thin slices of flank steak, the server cut off a huge hunk of meat and it took up a majority of my husband's plate, not very appetizing! The waiter seemed very overwhelmed, unwelcoming, and barely paid our table any attention. 

2. Food quality: on our visit, we experienced dry pork tenderloin, tough flank steak (those are the main two that stand out). The best cut of meat was the top sirloin,  however, it was very salty. 

Why 2 stars you ask? Because their sangria is phenomenal!!  

A visit to Texas de Brazil is often the highlight of our trip, and worth the cab fare from the Strip to get there. Regrettably, for us, that is no longer the case. Save yourself time and can fare and visit a steakhouse on the strip.
I love this place but be careful you WILL overeat! Also, making reservations is better than not! And eat the meat and not the salad bar or you won't get your money's worth!
Great food. Great atmosphere. The Salad Bar is great but the Service is Rushed, maybe to clear the tables because they are so busy. If they Slow the rush so that I could give this great restaurant 5 stars.
Salad bar is good. Meat sweats garun-teed! The staff is very good and make sure that youi have everything that you need. Don't fill up on the salad bar before the meat train pulls into the station.
I loved Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas. The staff was friendly, food and drinks delicious! The salad bar had a variety of choices and the meats melted in my mouth. The sangria was very good. Even though I enjoyed my dining experience, I had to give it 2 stars because I had a Bridesmaids moment. It was really bad! If you've seen the movie Bridesmaids, you'll understand.
Came here for a client dinner at the clients request.  The salad bar is top notch,  The meat was all very good, but a bit salty for my liking.  I went home with a really bad belly ache and later substantial gastrointestinal distress.  I woke up and decided to become vegetarian.  

Unless meat is totally your thing, avoid this place.
Went to Texas De Brazil Steakhouse for dinner for the first time and it was such wonderful experience  
Although I dont eat meat, they have an amazing salad bar with sushi & shrimp & salmon ( which I do eat :) ) grilled veggies and cheeses and more ; just delicious  
Definitely I recomend it ; especially Richard he was such an attentive and awesome waiter 
The gauchos walk around going from table to table serving you meat. The whole experience was just amazing!!!
We love this restaurant. The service is great and the food is amazing. The salad bar is a meal in itself and you can do it as the light meal. But, when meat starts rolling through the light meal goes out the window.
Had my 30th bday party here last October 2013. We had a party of 14 and reservations were made and were treated and sat accordingly. Food was amazing. This would be my 5th Brazilian steakhouse experience and it would rank 2nd behind greenfield in Long Beach,Ca. They have brisket :)   But this place is a close 2nd. The filet was great along with the skirt steak. The only reason I removed stars is because they would not allow us to eat my girlfriends homemade birthday cupcakes that we brought through tsa and multiple cab rides just to get them to the dinner table . They wanted to charge us a $4 per person for a dessert serving fee even they would not be serving it. I understand bringing your own dessert losses revenue but we just spent $800 at your restaurant, exceptions could have been made. I even went to the mgr but he explained the same thing as the waiter I asked. Other then that, the food and experience made the birthday dinner great. I would return, but not on my birthday. ;)
Our staff had their appreciation dinner here and enjoyed it very much.  Food was great.  It was a little difficult to have long conversations however when the servers kept interrupting with the meat choices.  All in all was very good.
We frequent this place often for special occasions. I've brought our staff and their spouses for dinner in the private glass room and it was an amazing time together. It's inexpensive when you buy the VIP dining card and it shows your employees value. Sign up on their email list and get 2 for 1 coupons for your birthday and anniversary. The food is amazing (although some of the meats were salty for my taste because I don't usually cook with salt), the salad bar is way better than Pampas, the mash potatoes help absorb/neutralize the salt, the fried bananas were awesome enough to be dessert. Great place but don't come here if you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner because it's LOUD, really NOISY, and full of life.  Uninterrupted conversations are difficult because the servers keep coming to your table with meat along with your table server with water and accompaniments. I would have given it 5-stars but because of the noise factor and frequent interruption it was hard to enjoy conversations. If you go for the quality of the food you won't be disappointed, but if you go for quality of conversation you might get frustrated. Anyways, we will return for the great service and quality of food.
We received a gift card for Texas de Brazil and decided to use it last night, Saturday April 13, 2004.  First, I would strongly recommend making a reservation.  The two times I've come to this location the restaurant has been very busy.  

The setup for food in the restaurant is a single price for your meal.  You have access to a large salad bar, which has many options besides just salad.  There is shrimp salad, couscous, cucumber salad, salmon, meats and cheeses like you would have in antipasto, asparagus, sugar snap peas, hearts of palm, green beans, and many other items. Everything we tried we enjoyed.  My favorite items on the salad bar were the cucumber salad and the green beans.  In addition to the salad bar, your meal comes with garlic mashed potatoes (fan-tas-tic!), a basket of cheese bread rolls (again, fan-tas-tic!), and sweet fried plantains (I've been told you are supposed to eat a bite of these to clear the palate). 

The meats are brought around to the table on skewers and offered in small individual portions.  You can take as much as you want.  There's chicken, shank steak, filet mignon, bacon wrapped filet mignon, sirloin, pork loin, lamb chops, sausage, and a number of others.  The filet mignon and the pork loin were my favorites.  So very flavorful, moist, and savory.  

We didn't have the room for dessert, but on my first visit I had the chocolate cake, which was definitely worth making extra room for.

A couple of things to note if you've never been to the restaurant.  The signature alcoholic beverage The Caipirinha is very strong.  If you do not like the taste of alcohol I would recommend avoiding the drink.  Although it does taste good, the alcohol is very potent.  Also, be aware that you are not allowed to take home any of the food you do not eat, so ensure that you only get what you can eat.

I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  The meats are very well flavored and cooked.  The setup is different any enjoyable.  The atmosphere is very comfortable and would make a great place for a romantic date.
I was 50/50 between Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil but I'm going to say I like Texas de Brazil slightly more than Fogo de Chao their salad bar is much bigger and has way more to choose from so delicious. And the meat TDF!

#TIP if not big on all kinds of meats.  I was 90% full with the great stuff at salad bar...saves ya at leas 20 25 on bill... I still got some meats but boy I was in a food coma after that lol
OMG meat heaven! I don't even care that this place is a chain, because this place is top notch. I highly recommend a reservation because this place can get busy, and who wants to wait for their unlimited meat-fest Brazilian style? 

Your Brazilian adventure is broken up into two parts: the buffet and the meat. Their dinner buffet has a ton of things from salad to salami to sushi, to lobster bisque. You could literally fill yourself up on the buffet alone. But you are going to want to try one of everything that the servers walk by with delicious meats from lamb to chicken to filet. You can pick what kind of cut you want, from medium to well done and they slice it off for you. My personal favorites are the leg of lamb and filet. Plus the best part is that you can say no to everything and yes to only the type of meat you want. And you can eat until you explode!

It is worth noting that they have a generous military discount. The service is always top notch, and the ambiance is just perfect. I only come here for special occasions since it can be pricey, but it is worth every penny. I have been to a few Brazilian Steakhouses, and this is by far the best one.
This place was delicious. I enjoyed every meat I tried and all the side dishes were fantastic as well. Even if I didn't eat meat I would have been satisfied with the large selection of appetizers, salads and soups. Definitely making a trip back here.
I'm still a fan of Texas De Brazil but after lunch there today, I was pretty insulted when my check arrived and the recommended gratuity (you know, 15% is this much, 18% and so on...) at the bottom of the check was circled.  Plus the gratuity wasn't even accurate because kids were half-priced and the gratuity included them as full priced. Las Vegas is full of people who work in the hospitality business and I usually leave 30% but after being insulted and forced to look at the recommended gratuity, I just left 20.  Management needs to tell their servers to stop begging for tips.  Good service ensures good tips.
I wasn't too impressed with the meat here. It seems that all the brazilian bbq places I've gone to over the last 5 years have progressively gotten worse in their quality. It's either too dry, or too salty. Maybe the meat isn't so good. 

My fave cut is usually the Picanha. I wasn't too impressed. 

I think my fave item was the quinoa salad (i know, i know), and the cheese. Service was good, and the place is ginormous. I'm not sure if I'll go back if I had a choice.
*This is an afte review edit. I woke up after eating  here feeling so sick. I've been throwing up all morning. Not cool.  *

I took my dad and roommate here for my last night in Las Vegas. They loved it. The staff was friendly and helpful. The meat was delicious, my only complaint was it was a little too salty. I love the salad bar as the lobster bisque is very yummy. It's like butter in your mouth. The mashed potatoes they give you with the meat is so smooth and full of flavor. I was the only one who ate it as the boys preferred more meat instead of potatoes. :) more for me! My only suggestion is to not fill up at the salad bar so you have plenty of room for meat! We also somehow had room for dessert, our second stomach opened up. It wasn't anything overly special but it was good, I think I was just so full by the time we got dessert.
Amazing experience! I've been here a few times, and each time it gets better and better. 
Start out with the salad bar, but I try to be careful not to fill up on cheese and salad. Standouts for me are the Manchego cheese wheel, smoked provolone, cherry peppers, and of course I love the Caesar salad with fresh grated Parmigiano cheese on top.

Now on to the meats... so yummy. I have to admit I was so busy enjoying everything that I failed to make sure I knew exactly what meats I was eating. My absolute favorite selection is the beef ribs. It was by far the most tender meat... seriously so delicious. I couldn't get enough! I also really enjoyed the filet. It's so easy to gorge yourself on everything. My boyfriend really liked the Parmesan crusted chicken, but honestly, I learned something about myself... Once I've eaten a great piece of red meat, I don't see any reason to eat chicken. Next time I need to remember to try the chicken pieces first. There was another great cut of meat that I loved, but I'm not sure what kind. They serve it with three round cuts of meat on the skewer, and when they slice it off it comes out in a sort of circle. It is charred on the outer edge, with a layer of fat followed by the red meat inside. It was so flavorful. I'm usually a little wary of fatty pieces, but this was out of this world. 

My boyfriend ordered a bloody mary and I got the red sangria. Both of us were really happy with our choice. We also splurged and ordered two desserts because we couldn't agree. He ordered the key lime and I got the bananas fosters pie. I thought mine was absolutely delicious, but of course he thought his was better. Both were really good. 
Side note: the hostess was not very friendly. She didn't smile or seem to be very welcoming. I just expect to be greeted with a smiling, happy face when I walk into a restaurant. She was all business, not rude, but very serious.
Amazing!!  Best steak I ever had.. its hard to turn down what they offer you because its so good.
Definitely worth the price. Salad bar is awsome.(:
Be careful when you enter.  The doors are very heavy and the edges are sharp.  If you are not strong the door can come back and stab you in the leg.

My family visited this location for dinner.  My 20 year old sister in law had the door hit her in her boot.  It ripped a hole straight through her boot and her sock and ripped a hole in her foot.  She was bleeding everywhere.  Her foot was messed up for two weeks, and it still is.

We alerted the manager to the issue and he forwarded us off to the corporate office as if we wanted a pay day.  What are they going to reimburse us for?  A band-aid?  No one even said sorry.

The corporate office didnt even call us, they automatically forwarded us to an insurance adjuster who later sent a letter that we received today, stating that the door is not hazardous because they inspected it and there are no sharp edges.

We visit Texas De Brazil 2 times each month and have done so for the past 2 years.  Because of this situation and the obvious lack of care for their customers, we will not be going back.  We never asked for any money.  The least they could do is, for someone to acknowledge that a mistake was made, buy the girl a new shoe, and treat her to dinner.

If you do visit, don't get hurt, because you will probably bleed out on the floor, while the employees watch and pretend like it never happened. 

Hurry up and file down the door before the insurance adjuster shows up!  I have a catering business myself, and this is not the way we or anyone else should ever treattreat loyal customers.

Im taking my business to fogos.
The best steak house in vegas !!!!
we been like 5 times at this place and we so love it.
really great meat , everything so fresh.
7 or 8 different choice of meat , the filet was the best so far.
A++
The service was great. Food was very good. Thankful to come here after such a bad experience at via Brazil. Will definitely be back. Would give 6 starts if I could. Peter out server was awesome.
I was there this week... and all the cuts of meat and flavor is very good, but; I think the best thing there is mashed potatoes and desserts. Good service. 
I'll be see you soon. Maybe on this week.
Richard was our server, fantastic young man and a master of his craft. The food was delicious+.  They deserve nothing short of 5 stars for both service and food preparation.
I came here with my family and we had an amazing dinner , food was delicious , I would give 5 stars but I can't ,due to the fact the I saw a  Roach under the table ): . 

I will definitely come back here again .
There is no question that this is really my favorite restaurant! The food and service are usually fantastic. I recently got sick after eating there, but to be honest it was really because I couldn't stop myself and ended up over eating. So if you can manage better self-control than I did in my recent visit, and you love meat, then this too may become your favorite restaurant!
Number Brazilian QQB in town
We went there for our first time with some friends and it just replaced Disney as the happiest place on earth.

If you like salads, there is am extensive salad bar of your favorite veggies.

As for the main course, imagine a buffet where the buffet comes to you...Awesome right. You are the main attraction and various pieces of meats arrive to your table  to get your attention.

My favorite is the flank steak but everything is delicious.

Although it may be a bit pricey, it is definitely worth it.
Visit every time we're in Vegas now.  THE place for meat eaters.  I mean SERIOUS meat eaters.  They have a really great salad bar too if that's your thing. I make sure to come here hungry.  I grab a big heap of their Jasmine rice, topped with their onion/cilantro/lemon juice mix and then keep the meat coming.  My favorite is the Picanha steak.  Once I'm done, I roll my happy arse out the door.

Server Tip: Ask for David if you can.  He's a hoot and very attentive.
When I frequent Las Vegas, I make it a priority to dine at Texas de Brazil.  This 5 star review is so deserving, and here's why.

Let's get this out of the way first: RESERVATIONS ARE MANDATORY.  This place is busy every day of the week, so don't be a fool and make sure you book a reservation to get seated.

The service is very professional and exceeds expectations.  From the host staff to the waiters and food carvers, every person that works here makes sure that every guest is served at a level of perfection.

The food? MEAT GALORE.  I pretty much die and go to heaven when I eat here.  The flank steak and filets are amazing.  The lobster bisque is a party in your mouth.  Hell, even the cheesy bread is glorified hallelujah.  If you somehow can fit dessert in your expansive stomach, you can't go wrong with their extensive choices.

Overall, I would say Texas de Brazil tops my food establishment choices in the country.  At $50 a head, it's actually worth it.
Meat meat meat and more meat. I honestly don't know how I am writing this review because I am in a meat-induced coma. I took my man here for dinner for his bday tonight. Originally we had planned to go to fogo de Chao but we were able to get a 15% discount with tdb so decided to go there. We are both signed up for the TDB email promotions and usually every year a few weeks before our bday we get a coupon for bogo dinner. This year for whatever reason we did not receive any coupon. Not that I mind paying full price I was just curious why no coupon so I decided to call and see what's up. I spoke with a manager who said they have no control over sending out the promotional stuff. All that comes from a 3rd party called fishbowl. He said I could try and contact them but ain't nobody got time for that! I told the manager we wanted to get a reservation asap because his bday is tomorrow and he said if we came tonight he would give us 15% off. Sweet! We made our reservation for 830.

We arrived about 820 and were seated around 840. They were busy but not packed and as it was getting later it started clearing out. I checked out the salad bar and ended up with some olives, goat cheese, prosciutto, salmon and 3 dipping sauces for the meat. Only one I actually ate with the meat and that was the chimichurri. It was mmmm good. They also had  a mint sauce which I did not like it tasted like mint jello. And some kind of salsa. Try the chimichurri and u won't regret it. It complements the meat perfectly! I also got a big bowl of scalloped potatoes. Those were really tasty and I ended up getting more later. Our server also brought out 3 sides (mashed potatoes, fried bananas, and cheesy bread) as if we didn't have enough food. I sat down and flipped my card to green and the meat started coming. My favorite is the filet mingon it just melted in my mouth it was like butter. So good! I also tried the sausage, ribs, chicken and lamb which was super flavorful! I was pleasantly surprised. After I stuffed myself full of meat I decided since it was his bday we would get dessert. I told our server it was his bday and he said something like "well since it's your birthday you most certainly need some dessert" and brought over the tray of goodies. Bf picked out the Brazilian cheesecake and it came out with happy birthday written on the plate in chocolate sauce (see pic) and a candle for him to blow out. It was a nice touch nothing over the top they didn't come out singing or anything so that was cool. The cheesecake was damn tasty too but it was $8.75! Coulda bought the whole cake for that price. I kinda thought he was going to throw in the dessert for free because of his comment but whatever its not going to change my opinion on the place.

All in all I was very satisfied out server was quick and efficient and even other servers assisted us when we needed something. Also we got the %15 discount which helped. Total for 2 dinners, a drink and dessert plus %15 off came to $104. Not including tip. I will be back in the future just not anytime soon. I can't imagine eating a meal like this but once a year.
I was given a recommendation to this place by a high school friend after I had requested restaurant suggestions via FB while in Vegas. So yesterday, while strolling the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North, I decided to look up the reviews on YELP. Surprisingly, there were all positive reviews so I clicked the button to make a reservation for 8:30 p.m. 

We arrived at the restaurant at 8:00 p.m. & the place was PACKED! My husband commented that "all of Vegas" was there. After checking in, the hostess told us to stay close but that we would probably have to wait until 8:30 p.m. to be seated as they were busy. However, at 8:15 p.m. she called us & said our table was ready. Because we had never been there (but I had an idea of how the Brazilian steakhouse scene works) the waitress politely explained everything to us in a nutshell & recommended a ginger peach iced tea (it was excellent).  

After the waitress left, we descended on the salad bar. EXCELLENT! My husband & I live in LA & frequent Fogo de Chao in Bev Hills and we both agreed that the salad bar at this place was better than Fogo's, hands down. There was an assortment of salads including the mushroom & asparagus which I loved, fresh crab sushi rolls, Brazilian balsamic vinaigrette (excellent) & even lobster bisque soup! So we piled some items on our plates & headed back to the table. 

Once at the table we turned our buttons over to green & out of nowhere men with meats descended on our table. Top sirloin, lamb chops, Parmesan chicken & filet mignon.  We got a little of everything & proceeded to eat.  

Now I am not a big meat eater, I eat meat, but not a lot of it...but this place....this place had me on meat overload! Every piece of meat I had was EXCELLENT!!! If I could have managed to eat more, I would have. All the meats were great...no, EVERYTHING WAS GREAT!!!

If you like Fogo, you will love this place & it is cheaper than Fogo's. Too bad they don't have one in LA, but whenever you are in Vegas, stop in & have brunch, lunch or dinner, you will love this place!
The food is superb. . Mashed potatoes, garlic cheese bread, lobster soup and an array of cheeses, aged salami and prosciutto served buffet style as your appetizers. Bring your appetite as the Brazilian gauchos will keep visiting your table if your circular card is green...All types of meat served off the rack. I indulged in the lamb chops, bacon wrapped chicken, and the fillet mignon. Loving the sweet fried bananas. Definitely will save up to re-visit...
Outstanding salad bar options.  Delicious meat choices.  My favorite, hands down, was the beef rib.  So juicy, succulent, and fall apart, I couldn't believe it!  Casey was our waiter and performed excellently.  Can't wait to go back!
There website sucks. I have an account and now can not make a reservation. There home page has no login icon so you can not get into your account. Then I try to make a reservation on their site and they say it may or may not be there and I need to do something to allow cookies which I have and does not restrict access to their site. So hell, I have to go back 20 years and phone for a reservation. Maybe we will just go someplace else.
Excellent selection of sides from the buffet.  With the exception of the chicken parm drumsticks, all the meat was prepared excellent!
Omg this is the best place to grub !!!! The meat is unbelievable !! P.s I'm a meat lover  lol hand owns the best place to eat
Great Restaurant   Very nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  You will need to bring your appetite to eat here. Very easy to make reservations through Yelp. Will definitely come back.
WOW!!!! High-Quality. 

best all you can eat Restaurant in Vegas. Not the cheapest but the best! 

Great Salat Buffet and great meat.
This place is packed to the rafters for good reason.  The meat selections are delicious.  Well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  This was the highlight of the meal.  The salad bar was not impressive.  Lame spicy crab sushi rolls, small shrimp, tons of peppers and onions.  Cheeses were decent.  Lobster bisque was tasty but quite cool.

We were seated by a snooty hostess who sneered when asked if we could adjust the table a bit. We could not talk too much because of the noise. 

 I had a caramel apple martini which was super gooey and I could not taste any apple at all.  My brother had a caparhina which was ok, not limey enough for his taste, but they fixed it to his satisfaction.  

The table for five of us was set up very awkwardly, and we felt cramped.  Behind us was a storage cabinet for glasses which was used to stack plates for the salad bar, and that was a hub for activity.  The meat servers weren't able to access the table too easily, but they made it work.

Cheese bread was cold, and they didn't refill it.  It was a Saturday night, super busy, but that's kind of a basic in my mind.  Mashed potatoes and fried bananas tasted fine. 

The waiter was pleasant, funny and did his best to accomodate our every wish.

Overall worth a trip, but I would go on a weeknight when it wasn't so packed to enjoy the delicious skewered meats.  Fogo de Chao gets an extra star from me in comparison.
We used to frequent this place quite a bit, but no longer do so for several reasons:

First let me say the food is good. Meats are cooked to perfection and the salad bar is extensive and refreshing. The salads, cheeses, and lobster bisque are all of high quality, and seasoned perfectly. 

However, the last time we went to Texas de Brazil I was greeted by a rude hostess who had no interest in accommodating a simple request (a table on the side of the Restaraunt so my children did not interrupt anyone else's meal). So when the waiter came around, I asked to be moved and the gracious waitstaff accommodated us. I simply want to be courteous to other diners and not interrupt someone else's good time if my children get restless.

The food was excellent, and so was the service. Our waiter was attentive and provided every special request of meat that we asked for. I was not expecting what came next...

Prices: I was expecting $45 a plate for adults, $5 for my 10 year old, and no charge for my 6 and 2 year olds, just as the snotty hostess told us. What I got when I looked at the receipt was $50 a plate for the adults, $25 for my 10 year old, and $5 each for my 6 and 2 year olds. That is not including drinks or dessert. I asked the waiter why the tab was so off, and he stated the prices had been raised. I was not advised of this, and the hostess specifically gave me different numbers. 

I paid and left. I didn't even want to both with speaking to management because I was so disgusted with the hostesses attitude and lack of knowledge which cost me an additional $45. The food is good. The overall experience is good, but Fogo de Chao gets an additional 2 stars for at least having competent, professional, and POLITE staff.
Great customer services and loved the food. 
However it wasn't a comfortable experience eating their with two kids...
But my parents loved it so I think I will return next time I visit vegas again.
This is the most awesome place if you are a meat loving carnivore like me!  The luscious cuts of meat just keep on coming be careful not to put yourself in a meat coma!
Ok, I have never been to a Brazilian steakhouse. So I have nothing to compare it to. Although my husband says if his first experience would have been this one he wouldn't have been as excited to come to another one. In other words I don't know if the one he went to previously, or this one, is the norm.  Now back to what I thought. It was puny. The salad bar was so little. I felt it was a snack bar of finger foods. Good but little. The stuff to the side, au gratin potatoes and rice, was cold. Even though they were supposed to be in heated containers. The meat was all delicious. I may not have liked all of them but it wasn't because they were cooked wrong it was just a personal taste thing.  Which sums up this place for me. I personally did not like it but it was a nice restaurant.
I love this place the fried bananas are great. The salad bar is amazing so many items try the french goat cheese. Next to the soups there is some cheesy potatoes and Jasmine rice both very good.The main attraction is the Meats Brazilian Sausage so good also Lamb Chops bacon wrapped chicken and garlic Sirloin to name a few and every year they have the V.I.P card that leads to half price meals great deal. This is one of my favorite places make sure you go very hungry
Went here for the first time last night to celebrate our four year anniversary. Our server was so sweet and very attentive. She was knowledgable about the meat selection and the desserts. We really loved the flank steak, sirloin, brazilian sausage and the salad bar. The soup of the day was a delicious lobster bisque and the meal came with garlic mashed potatoes and delicious fried bananas. Highly recommend!
I will start by saying you definitely get more bang for the buck here.  Come VERY HUNGRY and get your money's worth.  And the "salad-soup" bar is pretty amazing.  I don't think I've seen anything quite like it.  The cuts of beef that they bring you are top notch as well.  And the service is excellent.  However, you really have to be a fan of Rare/Medium Rare beef.  Most of it is undercooked for me.  I like Medium to Medium Well.  The chicken is not good at all.  And the sausage is not good either.  I do enjoy going there though.  Reservations are recommended and be prepared to wait even a few minutes past your reservation as it is busy most nights.
We absolutely love this place. We would eat there every week if we could. We use to go once every month, but at $55 per person with tea to drink gets expensive very quickly. You can sign up to receiver their specials, but it's not like it use to be. Last year we received a free dinner on our birthday, but this year it was only $25 off. It's an ok deal but still we ended up going somewhere else this year :(

I gave -1 star because even though they are a busy place, it's not an excuse for the waitress to ignore some tables. Sometimes I waited almost 10 minutes for a refill on tea or for he to just get some sugar.  Even waiting for meats to come to your table can be ridiculous and having to put a special request in just to get meat is frustrating. In my opinion it's still a wonderful place to eat on your anniversary.
We love this place! The food  and service is excellent!
Never had a bad experience at this place we love it . It's the bomb and is the best Brazilian food in Las Vegas !
This was my first time here I'm from Hawaii and my friend told me about this place it's $50 a person but it's well worth it. I had on of everything. Everything I are was really good. I also had a Texas cab wine that wine was dry but not to dry I'll give it a 7 or 8 on dry scale. It's pretty cool how you got to flip a card if you want them to stop by the table you put it on green if you want them to not come you put it on red. And our waitress Camilla she is very good. She recommend a lot of good wines and she is a really good waitress if I ever come back to Vegas I'm going to come back here again.
Have been to all of the Brazilian steakhouses in town multiple times. 

The food is fantastic, especially if you right at lunch. Their Brazilian sausages are better than the others. 

Where they fall short is in service. They are not nearly as attentive as the staff at Fogo.
All I can say: wear pants with an expanding waist band!!

Who doesn't want to have endless steak, pork, chicken, ribs and whatever else delivered to you all night?!  Its all cooked to perfection and the guys are constantly walking around.  If you can't find the specific meat you want, simply say something to your very friendly server and it will come right over.  Can't wait to come back again soon!
Reservation for 5 adults, 2 children: 5:15pm

We arrived and there are already people waiting. The restaurant looked busy too. We were seated quickly and staff was friendly. Our waiter was super attentive and knowledgeable. He made sure the gauchos with the meats we wanted more of, came around to our table.

The quality of meats at TDB surpasses Fogo in Beverly Hills.
Filet - melt in your mouth softness with a great beef flavor
House sirloin - seasoned really well, juicy and cooked perfectly at medium rare
Lamb chops - tender and juicy, but it was way over salted
Leg of lamb - hands down the best meat I had last night. Super juicy and tender, no gaminess. You could tell you're eating lamb, but it didn't have that barnyard funk. I am very sensitive to gamey meats, but this was amazing.
Pork tenderloin - bit on the dry side, but flavored nicely. Good if you could get a bit of the crust with your slice

Salad bar - super easy to get carried away here because there's a great selection of veggies, pickled things, salads (try the grape salad.. no joke, it's weirdly delicious), cheeses, bread, proscuitto, olives... I went overboard. I was in PAIN because I ate so much. The little cheesey breads? I wanted to hide them in my purse because they're so good.

I enjoyed my dinner here immensely and highly recommend it to hardcore carnivores.
Meat lovers paradise!  Leave your diet and concerns about cholesterol at the door because it's gonna be a crazy flavorful ride!

My friend's wedding reception was held at the beautiful swanky Texas de Brazil!  I will admit that I was a bit apprehensive about how a wedding reception at an essentially all-you-can-eat place would be but it was amazing!  After asking for the strongest knock-ya-on-ya-kissah Sangria, we headed out of the intimate and gorgeous banquet room they reserved for the wedding party and out into the salad bar area.

They had gourmet cheeses, artisan breads, a wide array of salads, fancy olives, and all these delicious sides to offer and it was hard to pull yourself away but you got to remember that there's a parade of meats coming up and you definitely don't want to miss that!  So after loading up and consuming a fairly modest dish of cheeses and olives, the night became a symphony of skewers upon skewers of deliciously grilled meats.  Oh my.

The waiters seemingly danced through the tables and offered succulent and juicy grilled meats onto our dishes and even politely suggested a few off the menu items they'll sneak in for us.  You would think that with a bridal party hogging up their banquet room for hours on end, they might get angry and try to kick us out but no.  Glasses were always filled, boxes of fancy teas were offered to the more modest ladies, and the food just wouldn't stop!  Please stop!  My waistline!  

Texas de Brazil is an impressive and trendy restaurant with the most down-to-Earth people --- rare for a Las Vegas eatery!
Love love love this place! Definitely worth making the trip, and coming again and again. We came for my husbands birthday, and were able to get a $25 coupon from their website! Score! 
We made reservations, so didn't have to wait at all. Their bar area is really nice if u get there early and want a place to wait...full bar and extensive wine list! Once seated we moved right into dinner. We have done authentic Brazilian steakhouse overseas, and this measured up and surpassed it! The salad bar makes others look like child's play. We didn't eat anything off of it though because we wanted room for the meat! Protein only for us! So many waiters came with so many meat choices...it was almost overwhelming at times! Definitely a fave place to go...everyone should try it!
I love, love, love LOVE the whole salad bar!  They have caperberries, parmigiano cheese, beets, shrimp, cold baked salmon thing, peppers, asparagus, and prosciutto.  I also love the lobster bisque and the sauteed mushrooms.  All the meats are delicious and the service and ambience is amazing.
Best place to eat and satisfy your craving for cow. Sure this place serves other meat like Chicken Parmesan, BBQ  pork sausages, rack of lamb and lamb chops but you come here for the cow, and how it tastes exponentially better than any other place in Vegas. The highlights here for me are the filet mignon, top sirloin, and garlic steak. This place is absolute carnivore heaven, and get ready to get your T-Rex on when the servers come around with the skewers full of meat. I just come here for strictly cow and cow only by basically leaving my pog on green the whole time when my plate is fully stacked with beef. I go get another plate and fill it up with a lot of spinach and veggies and go to work on the 2 plates. Strategy and having a good plan of attack is essential here when tackling this place. The meat here is BBQ'd Brazilian style with great flavorful seasonings. All beef is cooked and served according to your own specific tastes. If you like rare and your crew don't, it's okay....they have everything. The salad bar is awesome with fresh veggies like Tabuleh, sun dried tomatoes, garlic, ginger, beans etc. The cheese bread that they serve hot and fresh are gems also. The garlic mash potatoes have great texture and flavor. The fried cinamn bananas are meant to cleanse your pallet but damn are they sweet and fried well. It all melts in your mouth. Worth the $55 experience and over the weekend the $40 lunch menu is the best because it doesn't give you the 'itis like dinner time would and it's cheaper.
There will come a point when you decide to go to a restaurant and realsie that indian food, italian food, Chinese food or any other type of standard 'world' restaurant will just not do it for you this time.

On that day, I strongly recommend that you try Brazilian Sensation, something that is rather unlike anything you will have ever tasted before.

I had a friend who worked here, and on occasion we would go visit her and grab a bite to eat while we were there. The food certainly is different to anything you may have tried before. But dont be put off, the food is always very tasty and fresh - with a lot of flavours such ac oconut, spices and friut being used to give a unique dining experience.

However, my friend also said that on most evenings it was essential to book, as the small restaurant (which is sized more like a cafe) fills up quickly and remains full all night. The staff are friendly and generally the atmosphere is very relaxed and some what fun, with bursts of brazilian music on the radio.

Truely someting different and worth a try!
When I first visited Brazilian Sensation there must have been some sort of party. It was the evening, the place was packed, and whatever was happening it had a carnival atmosphere. Despite the odds I found a seat. The result was a wonderful evening.

Brazilian Sensation offers something a little different. A friendly, family owned restaurant that serves real Brazilian snacks and meals. The whole place has an authentic feel, and you get the impression the owners care. It can get a little crowded at the best of times, lunch time tends to be much quieter. You will always feel welcome and relaxed. 

I didn't recognise the menu much when I first visited but I would definitely recommend the homemade tropical fruit ice cream, especially on a summer's day.

Prices are standard for Edinburgh and portions are a good size. Reservations are essential from 5pm onwards. Keep in mind that credit cards are not accepted.

For a different flavour of restaurant, try Brazilian Sensation!
This cafe/restaurant earns at least 500 cool points for the fact that 
it's co-owned by a former samba dancer from Brazil (yes, I couldn't help trying to picture her in those outfits!). You'll do a double take when you see some memorabilia on the walls, and realize it's the same woman behind the counter! One of the many cafes around the main Edinburgh University area in George Square, its bright yellow decor is a stark contrast to the city's grey backdrop and screamed at my friend and I to have a little lunch break there. The menu was intriguing, as I'd never thought of having cocunut, shrimp AND chicken all in one dish, but it was delicious! I also tried what's said to be a brazilian signature dish with black beans, which I must warn you did NOT look very appetizing, but I ended up cleaning the plate anyway. Aside from the menu, I've noticed they sell foodstuff as well, and a Brazilian speciality called acai.
This is one of the hardest places to get into in Edinburgh, they only take reservations. They staff here are absolutely fantastic, the whole place has a real spirit to it.  Maybe the happiest staff in the world.

While your here pick up some Aa Jam, it's 10 a jar (it's supposed to be don't worry) You'll never taste anything so wonderful in your entire life.
Brazilian Sensation certainly offers something new and interesting on the Edinburgh restaurant scene.  Unless you're a native to Brazil, you could probably come here and try something completely different to anything you've had before.  It's quite a small restaurant with vibrant decor, yet a chilled out and friendly atmopshere.  The menu has a good range of dishes, most of them are slow-cooked with vegetables or stewed meat.  I had the pork with vegetables which tasted delicious and tender.  I came in a decent sized portion which is just as well because it cost 14 along with a portion of rice!
Although not cheap, Brazilian Sensation provides great service and unique, tasty food.
Family run restaurant which mainly serves a selection of rolls and small dishes during the day, but opens in the evening to provide a more extensive menu in the evening, though do book at least 24 hours in advance as it doesn't open every night. Not every menu item is always available but those that are are delicious. Great puddings too. Very inexpensive for lovely food and atmosphere.
There are very few Brazilians in Edinburgh. And we also have a habit of thinking we're the only ones in the city. Because, I mean, why would anyone in their right mind want to move to somewhere as cold and grim as Scotland when we Brazilians could remain in the warmth and sunshine of South America. 

I feel I should be reviewing this place simply because I'm Brazilian. And as such, I should know if this Brazilian cuisine is any good. But here's the deal: 1) the lady who runs this place is from a different region than I am and 2) that doesn't matter at all. The food is still pretty delicious. Even though it's not the kind of Brazilian food I'm used to. 

Lunch here is pretty affordable. Before I became a veggie I used to always get the chicken and prawn sandwich. Now I get the black bean sandwich or the cheese and jam sandwich. Which are also tasty. Back in the day, I took my now ex-boyfriend there for his birthday and we had bacalhau that was to die for. 

The woman who runs the restaurant with her husband also dances for the Samba School and there are portraits of her with the rich and famous peppered around the cafe. 

Oh, oh oh! Have their chocolate banana cake. It's mouth-watering.
As far as food goes this place is five star goodness. The food was excellent. My first Brazilian foray was a definite win and I'm looking forward to returning here to try more of this country's delights. 

Black beans, chick peas, chicken, palm hearts, spinach parcels, smoked fish, mango ice cream, little Brazilian truffles... Yum. We had a buffet and the food just came out as and when, so plates were passed around constantly and there was lots of sharing and sampling different dishes. Apparently this is just like the Brazilian style of eating so it suited me fine. 

The restaurant is small, the loos are through the kitchen and the place is run by a husband and wife duo. Their customer service manners fall decidedly short of stellar, but if you let that slide and enjoy the grub you'll be more than satisfied. 

This place is BYOB, so you can have a reasonably cheap and delicious meal here. They also only take cash. And dress warmly, because the joint is pretty cold!
If this was my first Brazilian Steakhouse experience, I probably would have given this restaurant 5 stars.  Unfortunately, I had an amazing experience at Rumjungle inside Mandalay Bay, so this place is in 2nd place.  The price was great, about $35 for the all-you-can-eat option.  The salad bar had some nice items like real Parmesan cheese and some pretty decent sushi, but clearly you come here for the hordes of meat they bring to your table to carve tableside.  Everything was pretty delicious, and we got full all too quickly.  But service was great, so if this place can stay in business (high priced meals in these hard economic times? good luck!) I'll be back.  Thank god I'm not vegetarian.
Better than Pampas in Planet Hollywood hotel.  Almost as good as Fogo de Cha.  Service is definitely top notch.  Good local eats.
A very nice churrascaria.  The food is much better than other local churrascaria (including Rumjungle).  The service was terrific and it is a real bargain at about $40/person.  The food I had at the salad bar was excellent (couscous salad, fried rice and tomatoes with mozzarella).  But I had to save room for the parade of meat!  

Just to give you the heads up, the salad bar is more formal that any other salad bar I've been to. The salad bar is staffed and they hand you a plate.  Everything at the salad bar looks perfect, almost to the point that you don't want to mess it up.  And when you do take food (aka mess it up) someone comes by to make it looks pretty again, replacing the serving spoons, etc.  At least you know it's probably the safest salad bar in town!

The decor is really nice and it looks like it might be too fancy for casual dining, but almost all the patrons were casually dressed (t-shirts and jeans) so don't worry.  

Finally, the caipirinhas are awesome!  Very strong and very good!
I'm already drooling! It was so good! So tasty and a ton of perfectly cooked and flavored food! Honestly, the servers kept scaring me because I would be in the middle of a conversation and BAM! A sharp rod filled with skewered mouth watering meat is in my face! A sliver of lamb here, a piece of rib eye there and an hour later, I probably consumed an ungodly amount of Brazilian BBQ  that I feared I would never look at meat the same way again! 

Didn't have room for desert though. But that's never a bad thing!

I want to go back.
I love Brazilian food and they bring it to you first class. Elegant atmosphere, plenty of seating, and a truly friendly staff made my experience memorable. It is pricey, but I dare you to find a Brazilian place that isn't. Trust me, you get what you pay for and then some. And the dessert cart....YUM!
We were impressed.  Service was very attentive and food was excellent.  We went on a Tuesday night when they had 1/2 price bottles of wine...We highly recommend this place.  We frequent Brazilian food and this was top notch!
If you are visitor to Vegas, without the car, this is not a good place to go. It's too far, Your meal is cost as much as the same your cab. it's really hard to get a cab to pickup after you want to return.  When we were there at that time, the waiter will go around us with the meat selection we really waiting for. We end up only taste about 7-8 kinds.  I had almost everything at other brasil steakhouse.
Via Brasil is a Brazilian churrascaria that is pretty far off the strip.  Unless money is no object, I wouldn't recommend travelling by taxi. Odds are your taxi ride will cost more than the meal itself.  If you are sick of the buffets and looking for a meat coma, this is the place.

Walking in, we felt we came under-dressed as the place had an upscale feel to it.  A nice place to go when you are all dressed-up  But Monday night seemed pretty slow and the few people there were all casually dressed.

Salad bar had some interesting items such as carpaccio.  The quality of all the skewer meats we tried was excellent.  Every piece we tried was flavorful and amazingly tender.  While there are 18 choices offered on the menu, we maybe saw maybe 12 of those 18 rotating through (but again, that may have been due to it being a weeknight).

18 styles of meat offered on the menu:
pork ribs
pork loin
ribeye
salmon
sausage
chicken drumsticks
lamb chops
turkey with bacon
skirt steak
suckling pig
picanha (top sirloin)
chicken breast
flank steak
beef ribs
garlic picanha
tenderloin in bacon
leg of lamb
prime rib

Desserts were top-notch as well.  I had the creme brulee which was a fairly large order and was probably one of the best I've ever tasted.  My friend had the coconut flan and that was an excellent choice as well.  Save room for dessert if you can.

Service was excellent (on the weeknight).  Skewers came by quickly and waiters came by frequently to refill drinks and ask if we needed anything.

Highly recommended.
I've been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. The lunch is exactly the same as the dinner. It's still a buffet which is a little heavy and a lot of food for lunch. The salad bar has a variety of cheese, fish, seafood, salad and it's pretty filling already. The meats are kinda bland, I think my favorite was the chicken and skirt steaks. The best thing about this restaurant both times was the flan for dessert. It's thick and creamy and just delicious. but its not included with the buffet price.
I wasn't realy impressed. Their better tasting ones in my opinion was the leg of lamb and the chicken.  Sirloin, rib-eye, flank were okay. Texas de Brasil might be more saltier with their meats compared to this place or you can say this place had less flavioring on their meats. Their salad bar was small, and didn't have much varieties like Texas de Brasil. This place has nice decor and pretty upscale. Overall conclusions: Texas de Brasil is better.
This place was great.  A little pricey, but the atmosphere was well worth it.  They even have a waterfall wall inside and an entire wall of wines. The place was beautiful.  The food was so yummy.  The salad bar wasn't your typical lettus and dressing either.  They had pasta, roasted veggies and other different dishes.  The meat was a little plain, but the chutney they provided to put on it made up for it completely.  My husband and I tried the rack of lamb, beef wrapped in bacon, turkey breast wrapped in bacon, prime rib, chicken drumsticks, and the beef ribs.  The only thing we didn't like was the lamb, but then again neither of us really lamb to begin with.  My husband also tried the salmon and he loved it.  The service was also great.  Our server took his time to explain how everything worked and checked in frequently.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back for sure!
The place was very formal inside. The salad - side bar was just ok. The ravioli needed work, mushrooms were good, all in all enough to fill you up. The meats were delicious! Turkey wrapped in baccon, top sirloin, skirt steak.. Yum you leave a satisfied carnivore. Service was spectacular. Only wish they included dessert since you pay 42 bucks per person pre fixe price. Worth going to.
Recently, my family of 4 (my wife, two kids-9 & 6, myself) celebrated my wife's birthday at Via Brasil.  She had been there once before, but this was the first visit for the rest of us.  I had trepidations from reading so many comments about how "formal" it was, and how it was not good for children.  Both of those comments could not be farther from what we experienced!

When I made reservations online, I clearly indicated that we would have two young children, maybe just to see if the restaurant would give some indication of their reaction...but within 10 minutes, I got a phone call to confirm the request and welcoming our children to dine with us.  At that time, I also mentioned that it was my wife's birthday, and they graciously said they would "do something" as a surprise.  Yes, I know this is becoming perhaps an all-too-familiar 'perk' for restaurants as well as many diners (to have to hear Happy Birthday chanted several times during their meal!).

The decor is upscale and suggests the kind of place with some snoot appeal, where people may come to be seen, but let's face it, this is a suburban restaurant, and what restaurant would risk alienating the down-to-earth folks with an overly haughty attitude these days?  Via Brasil gets it just right in that the 'hardware' is upscale and formal, but the staff and service is engaging and friendly, without any pretentiousness whatsoever.

When we arrived, I immediately noticed many parties with children...although I couldn't help but note that they all seemed to be seated in the front section of the restaurant, and that maybe the staff was consciously trying to keep the back part of the large open dining area somewhat kid-free and quiet.  It didn't matter to us - the entire dining room is beautiful, and the food is the same regardless of what GPS cell your table is in!

As for the food, I rated it 4 stars and not 5 just because there were some items that were not quite as superlative as others.  Everything happened as others have mentioned:  you sit for a short while, order drinks, and build up a little more anticipation, but then it's a bee-line to the buffet, which had more variety than the average casino/hotel buffet.  Salads, soups, and various hot dishes (stroganoff, a curry dish, a risotto, seafood paella, etc.), along with appetizers that were presented well and tasted great (carpaccio, asparagus,  etc.).  NOTE:  The captain had come over shortly after we were seated to let me know that our 9-year old would be given a very reduced price for the entire meal (around $15, I think), and she would be able to eat anything she wanted (all meats, etc.), and that our 6-year old would not be charged at all.  While I don't know if that's their standard policy, I felt that was more than fair, and certainly goes a long way to encourage "family dining" at this restaurant from time to time.  The waitstaff was great in handling our children, too, always stopping at each one of them to see if they, too, wanted to try whatever cut of meat they were offering on each round.

Even as we were coming back with full plates of appetizers, freshly grilled meats were being 'walked' around the tables, and the noshing (if one can 'nosh' on meats!) started right away.  Before we knew what hit us, we had cuts and slices of so many different types of meats...and most of it was excellent.  All of the beef offerings (rib eye, picanha, flank steak, garlic picanha, and the prime rib; we passed on the ribs because they were too huge and wouldn't fit on our plates at the time) were fantastic.  My wife enjoyed the lamb chops immensely, though I wish we had stuck around for the leg of lamb to make its rounds.  The other offerings - turkey, pork, and salmon - were a little hit-or-miss, probably because I prefer my meats less 'garnished', and these were typically crusted or sprinkled with parmesan or wrapped in bacon.  Actually, I enjoyed the salmon, though many may find its smoked flavoring a little washed out and bland, and its texture a little pasty instead of flaky (imagine cooked small roe!).  The sausage didn't do anything for me...but then again, I'm not a sausage fan.

Before we knew it, almost 2 hours had elapsed, which is saying a lot when dining with 2 children!  They had sampled quite a few meats, too, and while it may not become their favorite restaurant, I think the "bigness" of the experience kept them from becoming restless, and they both said they enjoyed VBS.

I'm running out of room here..so I'll just say LEAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!  They also remembered my quick comment about my wife's birthday, and delivered birthday wishes as requested!  Definitely a place to consider for all occasions, but do plan on spending a good deal of time and money (around $150 for the entire experience, even with the generous discounts for the kids, and we aren't wine drinkers).  I hope this place stays around a while!!
Hubby and I came here on a spur of the moment - and boy were we glad we did!  From the warm & friendly greeting by the hostess to the cheery goodbye when we left, the service was impeccable and the food was beyond amazing.  The salad bar was ultra fresh and it could have been very easy to fill up on just that - excellent risotto and black beans/rice were top notch.  Now on to the meat - oh my goodness!  The prime rib and sirloin were the best but every morsel of meat was beyond delicious - even the lamb which I normally don't care for.  We are definitely looking forward to our next visit already :)
I've gone to this place a number of times now, and wow. Just wow. Unless you're a vegetarian, this place is amazing.

If you've never gone to a Brazilian steakhouse before, it's quite an experience. It's all you can eat and you are given a card that's green on one side and red on the other. If you want them to bring more, then green side up. If you're full or just want to take a break, red side up. Of the 18 different meats on the menu, almost all are carried around on what can best be described as mini swords. If the waiter sees your card is green side up, he/she will stop, slice you off as much as you want, and then make way for the next waiter. A few of the bigger items, like beef ribs and salmon, are brought around on a cart, but the same principles apply. The service style is called "rodizio."

I've found that the skirt steak, top sirloin, and leg of lamb are the best, but it's entirely subjective. Most of the steaks have a similar seasoning, which has a slight salty taste, but everything is very good. 

The best way to approach this massive intake is to focus on the meats first, then finish off with the salad bar, because let's be real here...you aren't going to get your money's worth if you do it the other way around. The salad bar is well stocked with dishes ranging from meat and seafood entrees to various veggies to appetizer-ish items. They usually have calamari salad and hearts of palm, so I'm always satisfied. 

The drinks at this place are top notch too. There is a respectable wine selection and an assortment of Brazilian drinks, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. The two worth mentioning are the guarana and caipirinha. The first is a soda that tastes like Red Bull, and the second is the national drink of Brazil. I was expecting the second to be more of a, well...drink, but it turns out it's just straight liquor with a splash of lime juice and sugar. It's got a really good flavor, however, it'll definitely wake you up if you're aren't expecting something so strong. 

The dessert cart merits a look before you decide to call it a night. I'm sort of a tiramisu pig, and theirs is worth trying. I won't say it's the best I've ever had, but I also have impossibly high standards in this field. Theirs is, without a doubt, more than good enough to warrant ordering again. They have creme brulee, cakes, mousses, and a few others too. Come to think of it, their desserts are pretty much what you would expect at an Italian restaurant. 

I would rate this place as one of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas, but I can't really go there too often since it's a little cost-prohibitive. Dinner for two with drinks and dessert will run you about $120 after tax and tip. That said, they do offer some specials that will appeal to more budget-conscious diners. Mon-Thurs from 5-7, they have a limited (meaning only 5 meats without the salad bar) all you can eat special for $18.95 per person, served in the bar area and patio only. They offer the same special on Sat and Sun from noon to 5:00 as well, so you don't really have an excuse not to try this place.  

Make sure Via Brasil is on your radar for your next special occasion. You won't be disappointed.
This is one of the few 5-star reviews I will give in my life. Like the rest of the reviewers, I agree...the food is amazing. I'm certain some of the meat is marinated in Angel's Tears and slow roasted over smiles. But one element I want to stress in this review is the service.

The manager runs a tight ship. The staff is in constant motion. Anticipating your next need. Meat, sides, drinks, as soon as they think you'll need it, you have it. This is a no stress restaurant, the way it should be. Sit back, relax, and enjoy your meal.

SIDE NOTE: I asked for an Arnold Palmer (Iced-Tea and Lemonade) and the waiter said he had something better. It was Iced-Tea and Cranberry juice. It's perfect and I can't recommend it enough.
I went with my family. They told us on the phone it would be $28 per person. We got there and it was buffet style, all u can eat salad, and various meats brought to your table and sliced onto your plate.  Appetizers were brought to our table also. The atmosphere and food is impressive and they've got 5 stars so far until I get the bill. They charged extra for desserts and drinks which it was assumed came with the buffet. $7 per dessert and about $3 per drink which made the bill about $30 more than expected. Those hidden costs were pretty underhanded because they even brought the dessert cart to the table and asked what we wanted for dessert. It would be just as unfair as finding out that the various poultry meats offered contained an extra charge.There were no menus and nobody told us drinks and desserts wouldn't be included in the buffet. I hope you scammers go out of business for pulling that crap.
Like a recent Yelper's review of Via Brasil, I dont give 5 star reviews often but Im thrilled when Im able to.  In my book, to earn 5 stars means a restaurant has mastered its niche.  That is, a hamburger stand could certainly earn 5 stars like a fine french dining experience.  Its all a mater of context.  That being said, Via Brasil is definitely a 5 star Palace of Food.  

I have eaten at plenty of Brazilian Churascarrias over the years and I can say Via Brasil takes the cake over all them.  I recently went on a weeknight with my nephew to celebrate a new job and we were immediately taken back by the amazing synthesis of upscale and casual in the same environment.  The restaurant is beautiful or being in a Summerlin strip mall.  They have their salad bar in the center of the restaurant and a small, but comfortable bar off to the side.  The restaurant is ringed by windows and while there isnt much a view, it does get beautiful colors and light during the sunset.  The staff immediately sat us, described how the restaurant worked and the fun began.

The first thing we were greeted with was this soft, warm cheese bread that was fantastic.  We then approached the salad bar and soon found out that salad is but a small component of the overall spread.  This "salad" bar had warm dishes as well like Ravioli, scalloped potatoes, stroganoff and a sort of seafood Ciappiono, all of which were delicious.  As for its cold selections, there were pasta salads, fresh mussels, beef carpaccio, caprese and a host of other amazing & fresh foods.  I had to be careful, otherwise I was going to get full just on the salad bar so I limited my intake although I could have easily just partook in the salad bar all evening.  In fact, I think its an option for around 20 bucks for those not inclined to enjoy the rodizio selections.  

After the fabulous salad bar, we began the meat parade.  Using a small disc thats green on one side and red on the other, we flipped it green and a constant delivery of protein was soon ambling its way over to our table on skewers where the waiters slice it off table side.  For a couple items, like the suckling pig and the salmon, they actually to table side carving off a cart.  The meats were amazing with special recognition going to the bacon wrapped turkey, salmon, garlic sirloin, parmesan pork loin and flank steak.  

As if the meats werent enough to chew on at this time, more waiters flooded our table with a selection of side dishes like mashed potatoes, fried plantains (bananas) and broccoli.  They have more sides like beans, rice and fried Yucca should you want them as well.  I cant recommend the fried Yucca enough as it was a perfect compliment to the meat.  Think of it as a less starchy, slightly sweeter steak french fry.   The total amount of meats that made it to our table was 16 and once you get through the whole roster they invite you to request any of them to come back out for more.  No mas for this guy...if I didnt have gout before, Im sure my body was one more bite away from developing it!

While there is a desert menu, I couldnt even think about it.  All I wanted to do was get home and throw on some elastic pants.  While I may have been in pain, it was a good pain and worth the effort.  The staff at VIa Brasil is top notch and took time to explain every dish for us and the preparation.  I found the prices to be reasonable for the Brazilian Churascarrian dining experience and especially for the quality.  Its essentially 40 bucks a person for the full shabangabang.  I cant wait to get back and explore their wine menu next time (nephew is under 21 so we decided to go the soda route) and I hear they have live music on the weekends!  It may take 2 months to digest all the food and once it is, you can definitely bet  I'll be back.

As a bonus:  its so refreshing to have a restaurant of this quality in the neighborhood without having to deal with a casino/resort!
I went to this place with high hopes being that it won Best of Las Vegas. I was very disappointed. I can not say the food was bad but for the price should have been much better. The prime rib, top sirloin and flank steak were all the same tough. The staff was the only part of the evening that was good. Very attentive and helpful. If this place was only $20 instead of $43 I would consider going back. For the little extra I will stick with Texas de Brazil.
This place was much better than Texas de Brazil and not to mention a little cheaper.  The BF said that all the meats were really good and not as tough as TDB's meats.  The salad bar had a little less selection in the vegetable area, but there was beef carpaccio (better than Brio's apparently), mussels, and other seafood selections not offered at TDB.  The passed meats included picanha, rib eye, flank steak, leg of lamb, rack of lamb, bacon wrapped turkey, chicken, baby back pork ribs, beef ribs, salmon, and Brazilian sausage (I couldn't stop laughing when the BF told the guy with the sausage how much he "love[s] Brazilian sausage").

The sides that the AYCE Rodizio dinner comes with are mashed potatoes, steamed vegetables, cheese rolls, cinnamon sugar bananas (yum), and others upon request (just ask your waiter) all included in the set price.  The only thing that wasn't included was dessert.

Before coming I visited their website and signed up for their weekly newsletter and received an e-mail for 20% off  their Rodizio dinner for up to 4 people - awesome, now we can do a double date with our friends.

The service here was really good.  Our water glasses were always filled, and they asked (before we had to ask) if we would like more Coke - a very rare experience.  We were looking for the lamb so we asked the flank steak guy and literally 1 minute after he left, the lamb dude showed up - amazing.  

Also they have a mini-Rodizio offering AYCE 5 meats (picanha, ribeye, lamb, turkey wrapped in bacon, and salmon) for only $18.95 (Available in the bar and patio area only).  Might go back to try this option... too bad they don't offer the Brazilian sausage.  haha
My husband and friends went here for a Sunday lunch (1:00pm) and by 3:30pm I was in a food coma and on our way home.  I walked into our house and walked straight into the bedroom (get your head out of the gutter!) where I had to take a nap until 8:00pm.  When I  woke up, I wondered "what the hell happened?"  Meat Feast is what happened.

Yes, that is a true story.  Yes, as someone referred to it below as a "food parade" is true.  Did I love it?  Absolutely.

We had a group of 8 people.  I did not know what to expect about going there.  But the waiter explained everything to us. They have a salad bar thing- salad, pasta, etc. so I went over there and got a few things.  

And then the meat came. 

 It started at a slow pace and quickly picked up to where I had like 10 pieces of meat on my plate, but didn't want to pass up the meat guy when he came to the table.  Eventually, I had to turn my thing over so they didn't offer me any more meat.   And it was damn good meat.  I say meat, because I had so many different types, its very hard to remember all of it.

We have some friends that are Asian and from Hawaii and they asked about chicken hearts.  Within 10 minutes, the meat guy came to our table with chicken hearts.  (not something I would ever try again)  But how accommodating!  

Everyone was really nice and willing to answer any questions!

Recommendation: wear stretchy pants- you'll need it.

It's been a year since I have been there... I think it might be time to go back!
Better than Texas de brasil. Still expensive but it was a ton of food, it just kept coming
Services here are wonderful they expalined how everything served. The food was good love all the meats only one thing i had to say is it's bit salty. The resturant is very nice they had a big salad bar with all different things.
Amazing! The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable of their menu. They offered a great selection of perfectly cooked meats. Their salad and pasta bar is dangerously delicious... save room for the meats! They have an impressive wine list as well as a delectable choice of desserts. 

I recommend:
- sun dried tomato risotto
- salmon with passion fruit sauce (my favorite during the meal)
- garlic steak

Also... look at the cool picture of Pele on the bathroom door. ;-)
OH....MY....GOSH..... sooooo AWESOME!
gal pals Susan and Justin went with me to eat at Via Brazil. We started by ordering a pitcher of PINEAPPLE SANGRIA. 
The glass was 9 bucks and the pitcher 23.00  didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out which one to order.  It was delicious, so tasty , remarkable white wine and fruit sangria that really went well with what was to come. 
Since I am a carnivore, and this is a carnivores dream- I have to say it was amazingly good. The salad bar had so many tasty items - I don't suggest filling up on these ... because the main attraction is the meat. 
and ohhhh the meat was soooo good. 
They start your meal with these little cheesy rolls .. they are like a hot chewy cheezit. YUM!
Then the salad bar... Parade of meat. 
Our server was completely awesome wish I could remember his name. 
We had a great time and even a fit of giggles from being so ECCLECTIC! 
Pricey so this is a once in awhile treat - but have to say it is worth every penny. I would go back just for the sangria... but the meal is so yummy I would HAVE to stick around for that too. 
Vicious Cycle. 
I suggest trying it ... eating is believing.
Don't be fooled...the Strip is not the only place that has scrumptious food! I've eaten at a place similar to this on the Strip called Pampas Brazilian Grill in Planet Hollywood but Via Brasil is so much better! They have more buffet options here like: Seafood Salad, Mushroom Ravioli, Asparagus Risotto, Tabbouleh just to name a few. They also bring warm side dishes to your table like fried Plantains, fried Yucca root ..(tastes just like a french fry..it tastes like it's good for you too), broccoli, and mashed potatoes. They also bring out their warm rolls that taste like soft warm Cheez It's ..those are addicting! You must keep control of yourself or you will be too full to taste their wide array of meat that they bring to your table. Some of my favorite meats were the sirloin, prime rib and I don't usually say this but the lamb was very tasty! The Pineapple Sangria that I had with the meal just enhanced all the flavors in the food. This was so worth it!
Have been coming to Via Brazil for a year now and they haven't disappointed me.  Fridays and Saturdays feature live contemporary jazz during dinner and their Sangria Rojas is a tasty accompaniment to the parade of succulent meats that make their way around the room.  The salad bar/buffet comes with the Rodizio meal(meats and salad bar
) or you can just partake of that alone and everything they serve is delicious.  The service is exceptional and I always feel like a princess when I'm there!  They also feature a happy hour mini Rodizio but iff all you want is to hang out at their awesome bar, the brazilian appetizers are great!
This place is the best kept secret. I've been in Vegas for 7 years and never knew it existed. Great service along with a nice atmosphere. The meat was good, although I would have liked a little more flavor. The salad bar was the best hands down!!
Pretty good off-strip buffet.  We went here on our way to the red rock mountains (not casino).  In sum, it wasn't very crowded for lunch, very attentive service and the meats were very juicy and NOT overly bloody which I was happy about.  The salad bar was stocked with everything from basic caprese salad to a fancy steamed seafood pot.  I liked the cheese rolls and fried plantains as sides.  Plus for broccoli!  LOL. I like my veggies.

I am not a connoisseur of meats, but I think I had sirloin, turkey wrapped with bacon, sausage and skirt steak.   I didn't like the garlic beef which wasn't as tender as the test.   It was all tasty and the service was top-notch.  Everyone from the main host guy to the beverage servers were very polite and attentive.   It is a bit pricey if you order drinks and dessert, but my husband is a bbq fanatic and I let him have his day.  Overall, it was a good off-strip find, but make sure you are hungry so you can make the most of the price.
I was recently having a conversation with some people about this place. For some reason, we were also talking about Groupons. I said that if a Groupon ever came up for Via Brasil, I'm jumping on it. Lo and behold, a Groupon appears days later. It was a sign.

I'm pretty sure Via Brasil takes up the space that was formerly (and quite briefly) a Makino's. It's a nice, large, and elegantly decorated restaurant. As soon as you step inside, you know you're in for a culinary treat.

After you're seated, they explain the red/green system - green of course meaning that you're ready for meat! My card stayed green for most of the night. To put it succinctly, Via Brasil serves up some of the most amazing cuts of meat I've ever eaten. Sure there were some items that weren't quite up to par, but most of it was absolutely awesome. To be honest, it's all quite a blur. They just kept coming and coming and coming. And I just kept saying yes yes yes!

Surprisingly, I didn't enjoy the bacon-wrapped tenderloin that much. It was the weirdest and most unexpected thing. I actually thought the bacon got in the way of the flavor! On the other end of the spectrum, the last cut I received was some sort of garlic-infused meat. Looking at their web site, I think it is the "Noble Cut of Picanha in Garlic." Wow. I was full by that point, but that didn't stop me from getting a second cut. It was the perfect ending.

If I ever go back, I think I know what strategy I would employ. I noticed that the cuts of meat I enjoyed most were light and very much on the rare side. The cuts I didn't enjoy as much tended to be dense, which caused them to be not as tender and way more filling.

Oh I should mention the salad bar. You might think one would ignore it. The reality is, you need something on your plate to balance out that meat. It's really much more than just a salad bar and the choices are mostly delicious, but definitely use that only as a complement to the meat. You are here for the meat!

One thing I didn't realize is that dessert is not included. I couldn't resist getting some of their Tiramisu. It was pretty good, but not sure it was worth the extra $8. I know it's a silly thing to mention since the Rodizio meal is $43, but it's good to know.

OK this is long enough. Way too long. FOUR STARS!
The fact that I have experienced another AYCE type brazilian steakhouse the weekend before at Pampas in the Bay Area, unfortunately made me realize that this place was not all that great.  The quality of meat was just OK, and the taste was not too flavorful as I would have imagined it to be. 

The service though was good.  They were courteous, and quick to serve the meat.  But, it took an hour and a half before any salmon came out.  The skirt steak was too thick, and I like it better a little crispy on the outside.  The ribs were good, but the top sirloin was kind of flavor-less.  The bacon wrapped turkey and bacon wrapped tenderloin was good of course because anything wrapped in bacon is good. LOL.

I had to use the typical A1 steak house with a little bit of tabasco to add some flavor and spice.  The salad bar was just OK too.  I enjoyed the portobello mushrooms, and seafood.  But other than that, the salad bar was just OK.  

Overall experiences was just OK.  Fancy place, romantic atmosphere, great two person band, but the food did not impress me much.  

The cappacino and tiramisu helped to replace the flavorless-ness of the food.  

Unfortunately, I cannot really recommend this place.  Sorry.
My sister been telling me about this place since its closer to their house.  So my fiance and I finally gave it a try.  We'be had better Brazilian steakhouse, but the service here is great.  Great ambiabce, nice live music, food quality wise, its okay.
Overall, I'll give it a try again.
Yes it's pricey but it's so worth it! I just came back from the lunch here and I think I paid about $40/person and the tip. I've been to approx 5 different churrascaria restaurants in 3 different cities, but this is by far the best. I love everything here, especially lamb, garlic sirloin, fish (salmon), fried banana, risotto, and caramel flan. This place does train their service stuff well. You may feel that someone is always watching you when you eat, but as soon as you finish eating, drop a fork, or empty the water glass, someone always come right away to accommodate your need. I asked the server if he's got any lamb, and even though there was only 4 of us in the restaurants that time, he went back to the kitchen and prepare one just for us. Managers are also very friendly. Ambience here is sophisticated... subtle Brazilian music, spacious floor plans, contemporary objects, perfect for someone's birthday party or dinner date. I'd love to come back soon, but first I have to digest the food first.
The mere suggestion of all you can eat steak in and of itself is a phrase that can ignite the hunger of even almost the most die hard vegan. Too me it's almost the evidence I would need to change my belief and become part of the faithful.

The salad bar is excellent. The meats seasoned and cooked perfectly. The deserts look magnificent but sadly I was too full to have one.

My father ordered a steak sanwhich which was too much for him and he took half of it home. 

Most importantly is the food, service, quality to price ratio and again Via hits the mark. I don't have any reason to rate this place lower than five stars so I won't. Top marks. Worth it!
OMFG.. this place was a meat-fest!! I find myself not knowing where to start as I did when I sat down to start eating! 

First off, it is a pretty fancy restaurant. My boyfriend made reservations for his mom's birthday and he told us that we needed to dress "smart casual" which was on the website or something. We were all like.. "wtf is smart casual?". Anyway, it definitely isn't a jeans and t-shirt type of restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice and they have some nice waterfall type thing. It wasn't too busy for a Saturday night but it the live jazz music really set the mood (versus the corny christmas music they played while the two musicians took a break I'm guessing).

I started off at the salad bar which isn't only limited to "salad". They had rice pilaf, beans, beef carpaccio, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, ravioli, risotto, and more. Everything was delicious and I was quite excited to try the beef carpaccio since I have never before. Really good and the saltiness of the parmesan cheese made it more palatable, in my opinion. (I love raw fish but always iffy when it comes to raw meat)

The waiters come around with their sticks of meat. My favorite was the sirloin.. omg.. it was soooo juicy and delicious. The flank was tough, dry and had no flavor. The prime rib was excellent. I have never tried lamb before and boy, that was goooood. I didn't get the chicken but I did try the bacon wrapped turkey which was ah, okay. Nothing special. But boy, that sirloin was winnahhhs! I'll be dreaming about that for a long time!

For dessert we got passion fruit mousse (too rich and sweet for me), creme brule, and flan. I am not a dessert person whatsoever.. so to me.. it was all too rich and sweet. 

Service is beyond excellent. They are very polite and quick! Always a "your welcome" when saying thank you. We asked one of the guys (manager, I'm guessing -- he was wearing a suit) for the fish since we hadn't seen it yet, and not even one minute later, the salmon came around. The bf's sister asked for the dessert menu and again, the desert cart came around within just a few seconds! 

Overall, their food is awesome and their service is even more awesome. Since the bf and I are poor college students, we can't afford to eat here too often.. but I'm glad that we decided to take his mom here.. the experience was definitely worth the money!
Another case of "food porn".  Wow, spent my anniversary dinner there and what a great memorable experience.  The flank steak is the best but you can do wrong with top sirloin, prime rib, pork ribs, turkey wrapped bacon and more.  Chicken stroganoff was also A+.

The servers from the host right down to the dessert tray girl were all very attentive, helpful and made it an overall 5 Star experience.

I'll be back when friends come to town!!
Still as good as ever.  This place has gotten super popular so make a reservation, especially on the weekends, so you are not disappointed.  Even with a packed restaurant, the service is super efficient and nice.  They still manage to keep the buffet absolutely impeccable, which is so impressive to me.  And as wes k. says in his review, all you can eat beef carpaccio at the buffet.  It's delectable.

They did a Groupon a few months back, which may explain the crowds.   If so, they really staffed up to handle the demand, which is great!  And they took our Groupon, no problem.  The Groupon says you have to make a reservation (which we did) and give it to the server at the time of seating (which we didn't do).  The server took it with the bill and processed it efficiently, no problem.

Try to pace yourself and save room for desserts. There is a dessert cart that comes around, which is fun.  And the flan and tiramisu are both really good.

We have one more Groupon to use that this place and I'm excited!  We will definitely be back!
Great for this type of restaurant.  Meats were actually cooked well considering the volume and method of service.  I would say only 2 types of meat came out overcooked.  The bacon wrapped turkey was overly salty.  The restaurant was practically empty, could have been because it was a Thursday? But the buffet was still fresh and the meats still came out as if cooked just for us.  Overall this place fulfills your need for variety without giving up too much in terms of quality.  Atmosphere can use a little work, I know its Vegas but this place is borderline tacky.  Wine recommendation was fabulous.
I live literally 30 seconds from this place and have gone here maybe 5 times with my workout buddy.  We were on this Paleo diet where you eat veggies and meat for the most part.  So having a all you can eat salad and meat place is pretty awesome.  

Love the food and service at this place.  My only gripe is they don't send over the beef ribs nearly enough.  Pretty sure that's the most expensive thing they have as well as the tastiest.  More beef ribs.  Compared to Texas de Brazil - I'd have to give the edge to de Brazil.  Their meat is seasoned better (so salty it's glorious) and they have slightly more variety.

Salad bar at de Brazil is better too - though I love the blue cheese dressing at Via Brasil.  Basically, if you live in the Summerlin area it's not worth the hassle of driving to Town Square.  Might as well support Via Brasil.  Price is about the same and quality is close enough not to wanna drive 20 minutes.  It's good stuff and I always leave satisfied.
Loved the Brazillian meat carousel! I think I died and went to heaven when I encountered the "salad bar"!! Grilled Portabello mushrooms, Roasted red bell peppers and sooooo so much more flavorful little scrumptious melt in my mouth items! I especially loved the rack of lamb. The meat was so tender and juicy and had the right amount of savory golden crisp glaze  on the outside! The staff was amazingly friendly and sweet. We will definitely return for an encore!

Yum Yum Yummy Yum Fricken YUM!
It's sad but I have to knock off a couple of stars for Via Brasil.  First, they would not take my groupon, claiming that the Sunday before Valentine's Day was a holiday.  If they are going to have liberal interpretations of holidays, they need to put the exact dates on the groupon.  It's not like the groupon lasts forever, like restaurant.com certificates do.  Just figure out the dates for the period that the groupon is valid and put them on there.  Voila, problem solved.  In addition, they had the server give us the bad news.  The manager needs to step up and deal with those things, not leave it to the poor server.  I contacted Groupon and, fortunately, they gave me my money back.  Groupon is so nice about stuff like that.

Second, the service this time was slow and strange.  It took a while for our server to notice that we were out of drinks.  Meanwhile, the same guy kept coming by over and over and over again with lamb chops even though we had refused over and over and over again.  He was seriously acting like a zombie.  A zombie with lamb chops on a very sharp metal stick.

Third, at the end of this month they are adding an all-you-can-eat pasta option for $22.95.  I think this automatically makes this place less classy.  It also shows me that they are getting a little greedy because the food cost for pasta is so low.  It's going to be like a pricey Olive Garden with people running around with sharp metal sticks with meat on them.  Plus, if the servers can't handle drinks consistently, I'm not sure they can handle AYCE pasta.  Unless the pasta comes on sticks.  :) 

On the positive side, the salmon, which is served from a cart, was excellent.  Nicely cooked with a tasty mango sauce.  The man serving the salmon was really enthusiastic and nice.  He even remembered when he came back a second time that we had already had the salmon and appropriately asked if we'd like some more.  Also, the woman operating the dessert cart was super nice and helpful.

I'm bummed that I had a mediocre experience after so many good ones.  Via Brasil, I think we need some time apart to work things out.  Hopefully time heals all wounds.
Awesome food and customer service. The Lobster Bisque was awesome in the Salad Bar. The salad bar is great and fresh! The meat was flavorful and tender. The waiters were very warm and helpful. We went there for lunch and it was 35 bucks without drinks and desserts. But I think it was completely worth it. They served almost all kinds of steak, leg of lamb, turkey, chicken drumstick. It came with free sides including fried banana (which tasted awesome with steaks and other meat), beans, rice, steamed broccoli, mashed potato and lot of others which i dont even remember. It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
Awesome food, terrific service, super manager, fair price = 5 stars!

Have always wanted to try Via Brasil Steakhouse, since it is so close to home, and with the Groupon promotion it was a no brainer.

Their self-serve salad bar is excellent.  The variety of food and the taste was outstanding, even though it is not the main reason for visiting Via Brasil, it was a nice treat and helps break up the all-meat-fest.

I enjoyed almost all the BBQ meats that was served by the waiter. But I really like the sausage, the lamb, chicken hearts (not on the menu, but you can ask for it, as it is one of the things served in this kind of restaurant in Brazil). I didn't care for the baked salmon, even though the passion fruit sauce that was served with it was good).  But you should definitely pace yourself and try everything and find out what you like and ask for more if you still have room in your tummy.

The servers were all very friendly as they make their round with whatever they bring out from the kitchen and identifying what it is so you don't have to guess. 

If you have room for dessert after your meal, they have a dessert cart to help visually entice you for some after meal sweets.  I tried their Coconut Flan, and thought it was good.  I liked the creamy richness and the coconut flavor.

As a nice restaurant in Summerlin, they probably should have more customers, but when I went they weren't too busy.  So making a same day reservation just hours ahead was not an issue for me.  I spoke to the manager and he told me they were getting more business with the Groupon promotion (and they just recently ran another Groupon offer) so the strategy is working.

Anyway, because of the awesome service from the waiter to the manger, and the good food I will definitely be back.  And having more Groupon to use will keep my tummy and wallet on my future visits. 

Decor: 5/5  The self-serve salad bar was nicely decorated and kept clean.  The restaurant was sophisticatedly (is that a word?) decorated.
Food: 4/5  Overall I am very pleased with it.  
Service:  5/5  Servers were friendly.  The manager that made the rounds and speaking to the guests was genuinely friendly.
Location:  Great for locals living in the SW, but will be too far of a trip if coming from the Strip via a cab.
Price: 4/5  Definitely take advantage of Groupon or other offers when available.
Ambiance: 5/5  Very classy and upscale, yet very relaxing as well.
So damn good! Better than any buffet we ever had! It's about 15 min drive from Vegas but trust me, it's worth the drive!

Pretty much everything here is good. My favs were the turkey wrapped in bacon and the filet wrapped in bacon. There's 16 different things that they bring around. I got to try 14 out of the 16. Didn't get a chance to taste the chicken breast and the salmon. But trust me, our stomachs weren't missing the last 2 items. It was pretty much at max capacity about 15 minutes BEFORE we stopped eating!

You also have access to a salad bar that includes items with shrimp and lobster bisque. The lobster bisque was a bit watery to my liking, but I can't complain since it's free! At the beginning of your meal, you also get bread cheese balls (YUM!) and brocolli and mashed potatoes. I would recommend eating only 1 cheeseball and skipping the veggies. You will thank me for it later when your stomach is maxed out and you've only tried 10 of the 16 meats :)

Did I mention that they have IMPECABBLE service? Everyone from the sommelier, the water boy, the waiters, and the roving meat holders were incredibly attentive and accomodating. And it's not like we were high rollers either. We were your regular run of the mill folks. But they treated us just like we were VIPs.

We will be making a visit out here on every single Vegas trip!!!
Top serloin booyah..some of the dbest meat i have had in a long time
The boyfriend and I ate here for Easter, since I had given up red meat and was dying for a fix. Of course, we had to go rodizio-style, and I wanted to at least experience the dinner offerings.  So, we ended up getting a 2:15pm reservation for this place.  DEFINITELY worth the wait, since we got to choose from the full 16 types of meat (instead of 6).  Yes, the price was $36/person, but it was worth every penny.

Even though they gave us some broccoli, fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and cheese bread, I barely ate any of thee carbs, since I had to save room for the MEAT.

I did make sure to save room for the salad bar, since it included salmon with a passion fruit sauce, salad, peppers, portobello mushrooms, marinated mushrooms, caprese salad, meats/cheeses, beef carpaccio, chicken salad, seafood salad, etc.  I ate just a few small selections from the salad bar, since I was all about the meat.

OMG.  I was in heaven.  I tried anything and everything that was steak.  The Picahna (Top Sirloin) and Garlic Picahna were to die for.  So juicy and delicious.  They even had a different type of garlic steak, which was also good.  I also tried the Prime Rib, Lamb, and Flank Steak, but I mostly filled up on the Picahna and Garlic Picahna.  I'll admit, though, that the Flank Steak and Prime Rib were delicious, but my only objective was to eat Picahna. 

They also had garlic bread that was almost immediately snatched up after the server came out from the kitchen.  It tasted like it was garlic sourdough bread.  Whatever it was, delicious.

I didn't really want to bother eating the Pineapple and Ham, Ribs, Pork, Chicken, or Sausage, so I really can't comment on those.  By the time that the Salmon was brought out, I was just too stuffed.  Next time.  

I also saved some room for dessert, since I saw a couple of ladies pushing around a dessert cart (even though it was a little extra, it was worth it).  It was all over for me once I saw that they had tiramisu (among other things)...I just felt like they were taunting me with their dessert selection, since it seemed that they were pushing the cart around in front of me while I was enjoying my meat.  I did, however, have the tiramisu, and it was worth the wait/saved space.

The wait staff was great, although we did quite a bit of waiting before they refilled my water and before they brought out the check.  They did come by quite a few times to ask if we wanted more wine, though.  

I'll admit that when they came around, the staff was quite attentive.

We also received a $20 gift card to be used toward dinner.  

I would've probably given them 5 stars, except for the few gripes that I had about the service.

I can't wait to come back.
Good place to take someone that can eat a ridiculous amount of food. The waiters hovered which was kind of annoying. Sangria was ok. They really pushed it and was a bit over priced. Otherwise the meats were good. Some kind of bland. Salad bar was nice but don't bother eating too much over there and wait for all those meats. Earlier the better. It gets a tad crazy there and you have to wait for the good stuff. You can request something on the list but dont hold your breath. They never did get back to us once it started getting busier so we just paid and left. Was an experience but just ok. Lamb chops were my favorite.
I love this place, so much better than Texas de Brazil. The service was great and they serve this great tasting salmon table side. I'm not a big fan of fish, especially Salmon but whatever they did, it was awesome and so was the sauce. I especially like how the meats were not overly seasoned so you can actually enjoy the flavor of the meat accompanied with the variety of spices. I've gone to Texas de Brazil three times and each time their meat was overly seasoned. The service was great and I love the atmosphere.
Wow!  What a great meal! The waiter comes to your table with a bread basket with several doughnut hole shaped buns.  They are Brazilian cheese buns dusted with parmesan cheese.  There were excellent!

I started with the salad bar and took items sparingly.  I tried the cold, sliced portabello muchrooms, one tomato caprese, asparagus risotto, two small artichoke heart halves, and two large shrimps and a piece of fish from their hot seafood mixture.  This was the extent of my salad bar foray as I didn't want to fill up on salad.  It would be a great dinner in itself.

I turned the coaster to the green side meaning bring on the meat.  Before they started that, a waiter brought three dishes to the table - one with 3 fried plantains, another with mashed potatoes, and a third with green beans with garlic.  These were my vegetables to go with my meat.  A lot of food to accompany a lot of food.

I didn't try all the meats as I was filling up before they had a chance to bring everything to my table.  I liked the small sausage, the first meat I tasted and it was excellent.  Beautiful seasoning.  Then I had two thin slices of rare prime rib which was excellent also.  I had both the chicken breast wrapped in bacon and the tenderloin wrapped in bacon.  Both were very good.  The seasonings were perfect.  I am a salt user extraordinaire, but I salted nothing except the mashed potatoes and green beans.  I had the garlic picanha (top sirloin) and it was superb!!  I also had one slice of beef rib which is sliced from a rack of rib (large--not baby back) and served on a separate small plate. 

Since there were only two tables occupied in the restaurant, there weren't several guys walking around distributing meat like rodizio restaurants.  Two guys were tasked with the serving.  I didn't get the pork loin and I forgot Tony's mentioning of chicken hearts--damn, damn, damn.  Well, something to look forward to next time.

After all this, I did hold back so I could try some dessert.  I had a slice of peanut butter, chocolate chip cheesecake.  Oh yeah--great!

Service was impecable.  My iced tea was refilled often, staff was always around to answer questions or see if you needed something.  I was greeted at the door by a delightful young lady and she also bid me a kind, smiling farewell!

The place is very nicely done.  I love the wine rack that goes almost to the ceiling.  I could see the super ladder inside to extend and reach the highest shelves.

This is a great deal with a Groupon.  The Groupon was $21.  The regular price for the rodizio is $42.95.  I'm not sure I'd be back for the full price, but the Groupon certainly makes it a great deal.  Come on Groupon--let's get anohter Via Brasil.  And you know, I'll probably go back and pay the full price if one of my friends from out of town who loves rodizio comes to Las Vegas.  We'll go together!
**Summary**
       - They bring by skewers of meat and cut it right in front of you.
       - All the meats we had, with the exception of the lamb were perfectly cooked.
       - The top four you must try, in order of deliciousness is Beef Ribs, Top Sirloin, Prime Rib, and the Grilled Salmon with Orange Creme Sauce.
       - The garlic steak and flank steak were good, but a little bland comparatively
       - The pork tenderloin with Parmesan cheese is another thing that you should try.
       - Ones to avoid taking up unnecessary room in your tummy for the good stuff would be the Chicken Drumstick, Leg of Lamb, Beef Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon, Turkey wrapped in Bacon.
       - Decor/Mood - Classy and expensive
**Price**
       - $42.95 for Rodizio Dinner
**Ordered**
       - Salad Bar
              - Cheese Ravioli in Mushroom sauce - I usually don't like ravioli, but this was perfectly creamy and velvety
              - Seafood Mix - All the seafood you'll find in paella without the rice/chicken/sausage
              - Beef Carpaccio - Brio's is better
              - Salad - I'm allergic to chloroplast so I didn't really try it
       - Sides
              - Mashed potatoes - Seasoned and salted perfectly.
              - Cheese rolls - Who doesn't like cheddar biscuits.
              - Broccoli
              - Fried plantains - Best plantains I've ever had. Large, not too sweet, lightly crisp and not soggy.
              - French Fries/Onion Rings/Asparagus by request only.
       - Beef Ribs - So meaty, they cut you a piece off the bone. It's perfectly seasoned and is the only meat I had thirds of. It has just enough fat to melt in your mouth. 
       - Top Sirloin - My second favorite meat. However, the edge slices do tend to be a little salty. The inside slices are just right.
       - Prime Rib - Very moist. One of the juiciest pieces of meat I've ever had. No homo.
       - Grilled Salmon with Orange Creme Sauce - I usually hate cooked salmon, but the orange creme sauce was delicious. It must of been made with fresh oranges because it tasted like freshly squeezed orange juice, but as a creme.
       - Flank Steak - Juicy, but a little bland next to the other meats. 
       - Garlic Steak - Same as the flank, but with a garlic flavor.
       - Pork Tenderloin with Parmesan cheese - Thin layer of fried cheese around a normally bland meat. It was definitely something I didn't mind trying. 
       - Sausage
       - Beef Tenderloin and Turkey, both wrapped in Bacon - Mostly just tasted like bacon.
       - Leg of Lamb - A little dry, but it could of just been the piece I got.
       - Chicken drumstick
**Recommendations**
       - I would definitely recommend this place for a nice evening out or a special occasion. The price is a bit steep, but you're paying for food and an experience.
I love me some churrascaria. I would like to take a brief break from this review to let you know how much, to the tune of "I Gotta Feelin'":

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (Do it!) 
Friday, Saturday, Saturday to Sunday, (Do it!) 
Get, get, get, get, get with us you know what we say, say 
Churrascaria every day, churrascaria every day.

Now that I've gotten that out of my system, let's get to the food. I went to this place with my cousin, Paolo D. and we yelped while we were eating. How cool are we? As a result, I have a pretty sweet record of what we ate and how much I liked it. So let's get it started (another BEP reference in 1 review. Score!)

Non-meat items that I thoroughly enjoyed:
- Asparagus risotto - rich, creamy, just wish it spread on the plate more
- Fried bananas were delicious and subtle in their sweetness
- Cheese rolls tasted great when they first came out. 
- Caesar salad was really good just add garlic oregano dressing. I love salad.

On to the main course (aka, things that I love):
- Chicken drumsticks were the first thing I had, really flavorful and I highly recommend them.
- The Seafood in the salad bar was in desperate need of salt. Good thing they have the salt and pepper shaker handy.
- Skirt steak was surprisingly amazing and tender
- Garlic steak was not tender but really flavorful
- Beef Ribs were delightfully fatty and tender
- Parmesan pork was dry but had a nice crust
- Service was very attentive

So this is where I get annoying and nit-picky (not to worry, this is still a 5-star review):
- The "Brazilian Mashed potatoes" were really fluffy. Almost too fluffly. They tasted instant to me, although I am sure they are not. Is it possible that you can make something so well that it gives the impression that it comes out of a box? Possibly.
- I wish they had fruit or something sweet to break up the heaviness of everything. And no, I am not going to pay for dessert after stuffing my face with 20 kinds of meat.
- Salmon was okay but the passion fruit vinaigrette really brought a nice break to the meal
- Bacon wrapped turkey was meh

Overall, I think you should go here.
GREAT FOOD!!! Not so good for a person that doesn't eat much. The atmosphere is great especially for dinner. They had a live band and the waiters were attentive, polite, and were friendly. This was my first time eating at a Brazilian steakhouse, so i wanted to try every selection of meat and i was in for a treat!! They come by with the meat on the skewers and cut it right in front of you. :) I loved the beef ribs, it was cooked perfectly, so much flavor with every bite. The garlic steak was also another one i liked. There's also a salad bar. It was clean and FRESH. A good variety to chose from. The cold pasta was so delicious, i wished i can take some home with me! haha. If you can handle the dessert after dinner, go for it! From what i remembered, there were cheese cake, flan, pudding. I had their chocolate cheese cake and peanut butter and chocolate cheese cake. So GOOOOOD!!! It's pricey, but worth it!!!
I went here on my trip to Vegas.  Me and my group of friends were really craving Brazilian BBQ -- similar to Fogo de Chao (all-you-can-eat Brazilian BBQ).

Here's my honest opinion:

The salad bar: 4.5 stars
The sides (bread/plantains/mashed potatoes): 4 stars
The beef/meat: 3.5 stars

I was left a bit disappointed with the meat.  Most of the meats too tough for my liking. 

Add that with the slow service -- I was left waiting for more options with a green card flipped over.  As a result of the waiting, me and my friends ended up eating the sides (and bread) and filled ourselves up.  

I was used to a Brazilian BBQ  like Fogo de Chao, where you get plenty of people serving you meat almost immediately when you flip your card over to green.  

Therefore, I was left a bit unimpressed.
The price is pretty expensive at over $50 per person after tip, but let me tell you it is worth it.  The first time I came here I had price shock, but the subsequent times I have visited, I tell myself that it is well worth it.

If I could describe this place in two words it would be: 
MEAT EXPLOSION!

Yes, the meat here is excellent.  My favorites here are:
-Flank Steak
-Skirt Steak
-Bacon Wrapped Tenderloin
-Beef Ribs
-Prime Rib

There are lots more but those are my top favorite ones.

Do not be afraid to tell them what you like when you sit down.  The service is exceptional and they cater to your needs immediately and professionally.  I let them know right off the bat that I am there for the Flank and Skirt Steak.

The Salad bar is good, I love their roasted peppers, rice/black beans and ravioli. The standard side dishes for the "rodizio" are: Brocolli, GARLIC KNOTS (YUM), Fried Bananas, Mashed Potatoes and good "sauces" to put on the plethora of meat you will be consuming in MASS QUANTITIES.

I love it here. It is pricey, yes. But it is worth it. Every Penny.
Delicious!  My husband I just celebrated our anniversary by having dinner here.  Great food and fantastic service.  The price is on the higher end, but totally worth it!  ENJOY!
I ate a sampling of their food at the Taste of Las Vegas Food Festival and was very disappointed.  The flavors were lacking, meat was tough and all around seemed to be of poor quality.  I'm not sure if this was just because of the venue however I would think they would want to make a great impression at the festival to drive more busiess to the regular restaurant.
Food is cooked perfect, service is fast and courtious, very clean and classy, great dining experience
I'm sure everyone wants to compare this place to Texas de Brazil so here it is....

If you like you're meat rare, VIA
If you're really into the awesome salad bar, Texas
If you love lambchops, Texas, VIA does NOT have lambchops...be forewarned 
If you don't want to wait at least 15-30 min every-time you go, VIA

Its a tough choice but if i HAD to chose one, I'd have to go with Texas, a few more selections at the salad bar and Lamb chops trumps all for me
Well, it's not spectacular, but it isn't bad either.  I will say that the staff is very gracious and attentive.  Their salmon with mango passion fruit puree sauce is amazing. However, the salad bar leaves a lot to be desired.  They also don't have very many choices of beef cuts.  Being that it's steakhouse, I was expecting more than what was offered. So basically, the menu is quite limited in my opinion.  I honestly don't see myself going back on my own dime - it's too pricey of a place to casually waltz in just to satisfy a craving.

Overall, I remain team Texas de Brazil.
Impeccable, attentive service is always a big plus, but it really just comes down to the food in the end, right? Well, Via Brazil does not disappoint. I probably don't have the stomach capacity for this place, but even though I had to skip a few of the selections, I cannot complain. Even the salad bar items were top notch and had more than just the typical carb fillers. I took small portions of mozzarella, mushrooms and roasted peppers as my sides and sampled a couple of the "hot" items like asparagus risotto and coconut chicken (both excellent).

I tried most of the meats, bowing out at times because the service was almost too fast! I could barely keep up, having to temporarily flip my coaster to "red" to avoid plate overload. Everything I tried was tender, flavorful and served up hot and fresh from the skewer. Definitely bring your appetite and a lot of cash- this restaurant is not cheap. Bill for two, with tip, easily topped $100 AFTER the $50 Groupon certificate. Worth every dime. I wish I could have crammed down more than two bites of flan and a small Cappuccino for dessert. 

Atmosphere was chic and ambient and I cannot say a single negative thing about any of the staff. Nothing was "over the top", but it is definitely a nice place for an excellent meal.

I have not tried any of the other Brazilian steakhouses in town, but I've been to a few on the East Coast- Via Brazil tops them all so far. Be sure to try a Passion fruit caipirinha- dang, that's a good drink. I only needed one, I assure you.
Pass on this place, go to Texas de Brazil - 1000x's better.
Amazing!  Be prepare to eat. The host was great he explain how the dinning experience works.  Staff will come around with different type of meat and you can select what you want. Expensive but worth it.
Bring your appetite!

I got a coupon from Groupon so I took my son for two of their all you can eat dinners. I'm sure they have more dining options but I can't speak to them. The decor is classy but not stuffy. Overall I'd say its comfortable with a touch of elegance.

We were seated, given a quick once over on the way to dine (the stop/go button), the salad bar, the free sides, etc. From there we grabbed plates and dove into the salad bar. 

This isn't the usual buffet salad bar, not by a long shot. The quality of everything there stood out. I highly recommend loading up a separate plate with their grilled portobello mushrooms. These go so well with the meats to come that you'll want to have a plate there as a side.

Back at the table, the meat on a skweres started to arrive. They had salmon, beef ribs, top sirloin, skirt steak, lamb and I'm sure I'm missing one other. Different parts of each skewer were cooked to different temperatures so if you preferred medium rare and someone else at the table likes medium well, they can accomodate this without a problem. 

All of the meats were excellend but for me the best by far is the skirt steak. Be sure to save room feel free to request it, they go out of their way to be accomodating.

The only minor criticism is that my son felt the meats were a bit on the salty side. I didn't notice this but he's always been more sensitive than I to salt. 

Overall, highly recommended. At $45 it may be a bit pricy but if your a dedicated carnivor with a good appetite, you'll be glad you went.
This place was a great date night place. The staff was all very attentive and really catered to your needs. 

Right when you walk in, you feel this expensive atmosphere. The deal is like this, for one person it's about $43.00, so for me and my husband was about $86 for all the meat that we can fit in our belly. 

We decided to order some drinks - I had a Passion Fruit Brazilian drink and my hubby a Remy Martin on the rocks. Those alone were $36 so if you don't want to get a hefty bill, order water! Definitely recommend it to any of my friends
Do you love meat? If you answered yes you MUST eat here. If you answered no we can't be friends. This place is so spectacular. Delicious meat, wonderful salad bar, and the service is seriously the best I have ever received anywhere. Salad bar isn't your typical "salad bar". It had asparagus risotto for crying out loud! Delicious!! Great wine selections too! The meat of course was varied in selection, perfectly seasoned, dripping with juices, tender as all hell, and some of it is wrapped in bacon. The service is perfect. I almost feel like they had too many people there to cater to my every whim. For about $50/person it's not "cheap", so go when you're hungry. When you leave you won't regret a single dollar you spent there.
This place is phenominal !! Be forewarned it is not cheap. The Rodizio buffet is like 44 bucks BUT it is an experience unlike any other. First and foremost the place is casual...saw people in t shirts and flip flops on a Friday nite. :) The "salad/appetizer" bar is a meal in itself and the place to start off. Be careful NOT to overeat at the salad bar because it is easy to do with the 25-30 items !! When you are ready to begin the main course, you simply turn over a coaster to "green" and the servers with skewers of 15 plus meats come by and you can say yes or no. When you want to be left alone, turn your coaster to "red" and they won't bug you. Look at staying around 2 hours and pace yourself !! Excellent choice for special occasions..
I cried on my wedding day, and no, they were not tears of joy. I had dealt the entire time with Anna, who was in charge of event management. We agreed on all of the prices and everything was set in stone for my wedding reception. I gave her my credit card and asked her to charge the rest of my balance after I knew the final count. She responded to my email thanking me for giving her the credit card information and said she would charge my card. I was coming from Delaware so I wanted to take care of all of my payments before I arrived in Vegas so there wouldn't be any surprises. 

  All seemed to be going well during the reception. Everyone was having a good time and the waiters were attentive. All up until my brother comes up to me and tells me how they asked him for a credit card to pay. EXCUSE ME?? I went up to the manager and told him I paid Anna before I left. Oh, and where was Anna by the way? Not there of course. She didn't even show up to oversee anything. I told him I didn't bring my credit card with me. I thought all of this was already taken care of and my credit card info was in Anna's email. In the end, my parents had to give THEIR credit card info because I didn't bring mine stuffed in my dress (and mean, what did they think?) It was very upsetting and embarrasing. After emailing Anna the next day she tells me they don't normally charge your credit card until after the reception in case more people come than you plan. So why the hell didn't she tell me this?? Then I would bring my card with me!! The Dj ended up eating (and he was the only extra person we had) and of course we had no problem paying for him, but if they had just said that night "We need (so and so) money for your DJ it would have been a hell of a lot easier than them saying "We need thousands of dollars to pay for your entire reception party. It was very disorganized and handled completely incorrectly. And I still have yet to get a sincere apology out of anyone.     

    I regret having my reception there and wish I had gone with Pampas on the Strip or El Segundo Sol. Both had excellent communication and were very helpful. Honestly, even if it's a little more expensive it's worth going with somewhere on the Strip because after paying for transportation for all of your guests to get all the way to Via Brasil it evens out anyway! Also worth noting, we had our welcome party at La Salsa Cantina and it was EXCELLENT! Great service, the sweetest people to work with, and we had a blast! I even paid a little too much on my deposit because we had less people than I anticipated and it was refunded within a day. 

   Oh and one more thing...They still owe me $100! They had me down as having an extra guest that I didn't have. After emailing them 3 times to tell them this I don't feel it's worth my time, but just thought I would note that screw up too!        
  STAY AWAY!!
Really really good love the salad bar the best ever they have everything you would ever want love this place!
Excellent service, great food, beautiful restaurant. The waitstaff were incredibly friendly and professional. I felt like a queen. All the meat were soo good, I could not find anything to complain.  The fried bananas were so yummy and the flan dessert was to die for.  Definitely worth every penny!
First, I like this place better than Texas de Brazil.  

Via Brasil has amazing service and warm hospitality.  I have always felt that the energy is very frenzied at Texas de Brazil--they are always very crowded and interested in turning over tables. 

Via Brasil never stopped trying to feed us and constantly made sure our experience was positive.  They pay attention to fine details.  For example, they periodically bring you a clean plate to start over with when you have meat scraps littering your plate.  

The meat quality is excellent and the servers always tell you that if you aren't ready for a meat they have, they will be sure to bring it back around later.  Additionally, one person at my table wanted one last piece of filet at the end, and they fired up a fresh skewer of them, just for him.

We went without a reservation, which was refreshing.

GO to this place!  You won't regret it!
My husband made a reservation for the family on Friday night for 7:30.  We had a groupon and wanted to use it, so that was the biggest incentive, plus payday meant I had money to spend.  The long week at work also meant I was ready to relax and eat good food.
Walked in and our table was ready.  The service was amazing!  Since it was our first time, we had to learn a little about the process.  Everyone was very attentive to us all.  We got clean plates every so often, and water was refilled before it ran out.
The food was delicious.  My 3 year old could not get enough.  The salad bar had risotto, salad, seafood, mushrooms, rice, and other inviting items.  There were also side dishes you could order.  We got fries for the kids, and asparagus and collard greens for hubby and I.  Then came the meat!  When I turned my card over to green, the servings came nonstop!  There was skirt steak, top sirloin, pork rib, beef rib, prime rib, bacon wrapped turkey, bacon wrapped beef tenderloin, pork tenderloin, chicken legs, frog legs, my  favorite corn, and I don't remember what else.  By the end of dinner, my 3 year old kept asking for more steak!  They brought some out just for him.  For dessert, we had the creme brulee.  It was a huge portion that all of us could share.  It was nice and creamy, not to sweet and was a nice finish to a fantastic dinner.
For all four of us, our bill with the groupon came out to 73 and change.  I tipped 20.  The pricing is great especially since the kids are free.  I definitely think it is worth the money.  If you want to go to Via Brasil, but are on the fence or think that it is a lot to spend, I would say GO GO GO.
Nothing ultra bad about this Brazilian steakhouse...just nothing great when compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses in town.  A strong 2 stars or week 3 stars for me.
Mmm, mmm drool inducing good.  There seems to be a trend of Brazilian Churrascarias popping up everywhere, however Via Brazil is in the top percentiles for food quality, service quality, selection, and atmosphere.  The staff is consistently great and the food is super yum. Much better date atmosphere than Texas de Brazil with a peaceful, spa-like quality.  They even have a waterfall/waterwall thing.  With the tranquil, relaxing surroundings I find myself able to relax and slip into great conversation here.

Come with your appetite revved up because the quantity of food is a little overwhelming.  If you've never been to a Brazilian Churrascaria, they issue every guest a paper disc that works just like a traffic light with one side green and the other red.  When you have the green side facing up this signals the gauchos (meat servers) to keep that yummy meat coming!  Don't stop, get it get it!!  If you wanna take a break or have ate all you wish, then flip the red side up.  This will tell them to skip by your table.

All of these types of places have their signature cut, call the Picanha (pee-kahn-ya), which is typically the best cut they offer.  It gets even better here as they offer a potently flavorful Garlic Picanha!  They will even cook to order (juicy perfection) if you prefer your meat a little more rare like I do.  Their lamb is excellent, and I am quite selective when it comes to lamb.  They have an excellent Prime Rib.  Of course anything that comes wrapped in bacon is certain to deliver: Bacon Wrapped Tenderloin.  From the salad bar don't miss the Beef Carpaccio or the Mushroom Risotto.
I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses now this place has the best meat in Vegas.  The salmon was cooked very well and it was a nice surprise to see it on the menu.  They also had some chicken hearts that were great.  The lamb was juicy tender and cooked to medium rare just how I like it thinking about that that is how all the meat is perfect in my mind much more flavorful than texas de brazil.  The only drawback about via Brasilia is the salad bar it is pretty small and just not as much stuff as I expected.  Service was great except for an overbearing host.
If you've never been to a churrascaria or Brazilian steakhouse, your first experience will likely be 5 stars simply from the wow factor of unlimited sumptuous meat being carved table-side and the opulence of a lavish salad bar that could serve as a meal in itself.  Pretty much everything I say onward will likely be inconsequential.  However, if you've been around the block a time or two as I have and want the tale of the tape between two local heavyweights (Texas de Brazil(TDB) vs. Via Brasil(VB)) going at it for twelve rounds, let's get it on!

Round 1 (Ambience) 
This may come down to personal preference since there is definitely an upscale vibe with soothing waterfalls and romantic lighting upon entering VB, but not sure if I liked the feng shui of the salad bar in the middle without any partitioning of the tables into separate little rooms for added intimacy.  TDB definitely has a more upbeat vibe with a casual bar area where you can await guests and separate little rooms although definitely more crowded and noisy since it is more bustling with turnover of guests.   Winner: Push

Round 2 (Cheese bread)
If you took the most perfect cheese puff and turned it into bread form, this is pretty much the pinnacle of that transformation.  TDB has a slightly cheesier flavor, which gives it a slight edge.  Winner: TDB

Round 3 (Salad bar)
For first-timers (or as I like to call them, churrascarookies), you never want to overfill your plate on the salad bar, as tempting as it may be.  However, it's good to wet one's appetite on some items to balance the meat fest to come.  I felt the overall quality was superior in the salad bar at TDB since they offered lobster bisque and focused more on artisanal cheeses and light seafood/veggies options, whereas at VB, there was one too many pasta options like cheese ravioli and other pasta salads, which are like underhanded tactics to fill you up to limit your meat intake.  Winner: TDB

Round 4 (Beverages)
VB took a knockdown in this round since the waiter sat us down and presented us with options for water(still or sparkling?) and upon choosing still, he charged us for two bottles of some premium water at 7 bucks/bottle without clueing us in about the option for tap water since we assumed it was complementary.  They also failed to carry Antarctica Guarana, the most popular soda in Brazil and something I look forward to anytime I venture into a Brazilian restaurant.  TDB would never allow the water fiasco to occur and always carry my non-alcoholic beverage of choice.   Winner: TDB

Round 5 (Opening meats)
Surprisingly, VB opens with a baked salmon served with passion fruit/mango sauce....not what I expected but really good, and the table-side presentation was a nice touch.  Usually at TDB, they start you off with some non-premium beef wrapped in thick bacon or some heavy pork/chicken option.  Winner: VB

Round 6 (Lamb)
Leg of lamb was sufficiently juicy and came with a nice mint jelly, but TDB offers multiple cuts including the lamb chop, which was unavailable at VB.  Winner: TDB

Round 7 (Fowl)
VB definitely had some interesting options including chicken, duck, and chicken hearts (upon request), whereas TDB only has a single dry chicken option which I tend to pass over to allow more room for other meat options.  The chicken and duck were very succulent and tender, and well seasoned here.  Winner: VB

Round 8 (Brazilian sausage)
Like the cheese bread, fairly standard and not being a huge sausage connoisseur, I'm not the best judge on this one.  Winner: Push 

Round 9 (Side dishes)
Taking an intermission from the meats, I think VB offers some additional Brazilian sides like fried/boiled yucca root and sauteed turnip greens which have a more stir-fried crispy preparation compared to the stewed version in soul-food.  Traditional favorites such as fried bananas and mashed potatoes are present at both.  Winner: VB

Round 10 (Beef)
Maybe it was the pace of the meats brought to our table, but I felt that the overall quality of the beef cuts were superior at TDB since there were a few cuts that were overly dry and tough at VB although certain cuts were very tender/flavorful.  WInner: TDB

Round 11 (Service)
Waitstaff definitely more attentive at TDB and the pace of the meat parade was more even, so I didn't feel like I had to overcrowd my plate and lose track of which meat was which.  The TDB meat carvers also wear a uniform that gives them some more professional flare, which I appreciated.  WInner: TDB

Round 12 (Value)
Somewhat tied into service, the server initially took our groupon voucher at the beginning but conveniently left it off in our final bill until we reminded him.  Taking account the variety/quality of meats/salad bar, would have to give slight edge to TDB.    Winner: TDB

By decision,winner of this fight goes to Texas de Brazil,but don't count out Via Brasil in a rematch.  A new fierce challenger has recently arrived into town(Fogo de Chao), so a TKO may be in our midst!
Fine dining at it's best.  I just got back from an excellent meal from Via Brasil in summerlin.  I found myself comparing this place to Texas de Brazil in Town Square all night long.  And here is my verdict....The salad bar at Texas de Brazil is better, fresher, tastier.  However, the meats at Via Brasil are superior to Texas.  The meats are not as fatty and just taste better.  My favorites were the prime rib, top sirloin and beef ribs.  Both atmospheres are very nice, clean, and beautiful.  Another observation I made was that the staff at Via (the waiters, the guys that cut the meat, the managers, hostess) were much more professional, courteous and all around nicer than the staff at Texas.  I really liked this place.  I went on a groupon so I ended up paying $50 for 2 people.
BEST of VEGAS!!!

This place seriously needs to be put front and center in a major casino on the strip.

Made reservations for a large family event at this fine establishment and they provided food, service and quality far above what was expected. Ben Jardino (hope thats correct) was a truely great host. Made us all feel at home. The food was an absolute pefect meal. Every kind of meat imaginable was provided with our menu selection and it kept on coming.

They cleaniness and overall decor was imaculate also. This place is a true winner and I will send everyone I know heading to Vegas to now eat here.
Great service and food! We had a groupon and this did not affect our service which I have found at times can! overall great experience!
Vegetarian's should just keep on walking !! Ive been there a number of times now and they have never disappointed.  The quality, flavor and large selection of items is second to none. This is a great place to go after a good workout!!! Just dont weight yourself after your done!  Friendly quick service , how can you beat ?
You had better like meat to truly enjoy Via Brasil.  The atmosphere is lovely and the staff is quite attentive (more on this later).  If you are not familar with the concept these brazilian steakhouses are an all you eat motif with a salad bar and then meats on long skewers are brought to the table and you can have as much of them as you desire.

Most of the meats were hot (not all) and flavorful.  There was prime rib, steak, chicken, sausage and some I am probably forgetting.  They also include in the price all of the side dishes you want, served in a family style fashion, meaning enough for the whole table.  The sides were OK but not that special.

I actually found while the salad bar had many choices along with soup that making an old fashion salad was not an option.  But if the salad bar is your thing you are going here for the wrong reason and paying way too much.

We were celebrating a 60 year anniversary for my girlfriend's parent and they made us feel special and catered to the 80 year olds well.

My biggest complaint and one which really lasted with me was that the servers and our waiter while seeming polite were actually rude when it came to interrupting on-going conversations at the table.  None of the servers or the waiters seemed even remotely aware that when they come to the table with questions or food to say "excuse me" or wait until they were noticed and instead they proceeded to talk at us with no regard to what was going on at the table.  In some ways I am betting they see this as being attentive but if the same thing happened any other place it would have been classified as what it was, rude.

In my opinion and this is what Yelp is all about, the staff was poorly trained in this one area.  They were otherwise quite gracious.

One last issue and while it was only $7, we had purchased a restaurant.com certificate for $3 which was to cover the first $25 of the bill.  They informed us they were no longer accepting the certificates and offered us a $15 discount. How you can decide to cancel an offer we already paid for is beyond me and they tried to appease us but ended up cheating us out of a few dollars, just not cool.

For those who love beef and who can afford over $40 for dinner this place is still a great experience and be aware as others have written that unless you want to pay dearly for water be specific and ask for tap water.
100% the best food in Vegas yum
Disclaimer:  we were here for a seminar, so we didn't pay for the meal.  But we still got pretty much the full, regular treatment.

The restaurant is really beautiful, and there is a long, but very narrow, outdoor patio.  Of course it was too cold to be eating outside, but I wonder how this would work with the Brazilian rodizio concept.  I imagine it would be more trouble than its worth.

We really liked the salad bar, with its huge assortment of items, most of them pretty tasty, and I tried very hard not to pig out.  But with such a vast assortment, even a minuscule tasting of everything adds up to a substantial portion.

The meats, though, left a lot to be desired.  The first one served to us was the turkey (or was it chicken?) wrapped in bacon.  It was so salty that I couldn't eat it, and it wasn't just the bacon;  I took that off, but the salt permeated all through the meat.  The rest of the meats were mostly tough, oversalted, and lacking any flavor, except for the beef ribs, which were really good.

Service was difficult; it was hard to get a waiter's attention, but this could be attributed to the group set-up.  I wouldn't downgrade the restaurant because of this, since it may not be totally valid.

This wasn't the first Brazilian rodizio restaurant we've been to, so we have others to compare it to.  It's fine for the money, and we'll likely come back.  But first we'll try some of the competition in town, which seems to be growing weekly!
There's already a ton of reviews on here so I will just hit some highlights.  If you want a meat dinner, this is a good choice.  Yes they have a salad bar with a lot of nice items but vegetarians will never get full value out of this place.  With that said, I have been to other Brazilian places in town and this is probably the best.  It looks nice inside and the food quality is quite high.  The price, while "high" in a general sense, is pretty competitive within the Brazilian market.

So why not five stars?  To be sure my last visit was quite recent and quite good.  But, in the past, I have experienced some of the knocks others have noted.  Specifically, waiters that seem to walk right by my table while I sit there, sometimes for a long time, waiting for more meat.  Also - in the past I have also experienced a certain level of "grief" when trying to use a coupon that this place sent me!  If it's a problem, don't send it to me!  

Hopefully these things have been corrected, I did not experience them on my most recent visit I am glad to say, and I probably will be back in time.  I also want to make a special note about the mother/father's day brunch:  Really good and also worth your consideration!
One of the best Brazil steak joints in the Vegas valley. Everything is good. Tender mean, good waiter service, and a full bar.
Everything was excellent...salad bar was top notch but try not to load up on the hot dishes if you want to make room for the meats. My faves were the beef ribs, garlic top sirloin and filet wrapped in bacon. I love the option to choose your sides, too (yucca fries were great). They also had servers going around with some type of baked mozzarella and hot garlic bread. 

The only thing that bothered me early on was the GM (the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars).I received a buy one get one free email for being part of the e-club. I gave my email when making the reservations. Apparently they wrote the email address incorrectly but the GM approached us at our table (as we were barely starting to eat our salads) accusing me of using someone else's coupon because my email wasn't in their database. I repeated my email address to make sure he had the right one but he didn't bother listening or double checking. So I said I can show the email on my phone and he immediately said I probably had someone forward it to me. After showing the email on my phone which was obviously sent to me directly, he realized they wrote the email wrong. He didn't really apologize for his mistake nor his approach. It made us feel uncomfortable but we chose to ignore it so we could enjoy our meal. Other than that, all the servers and front staff were very friendly. A sincere apology from the GM would have been nice.
Went here with some work pals and it was great. Would have given five stars except that we had a hassle about our coupons. There were two couples. The first had a coupon for themselves, good only for th two of them. That was fine. I ahd a coupon with a different deal good for me and up to 8 others I wanted to use for me and my friend. But because we were sitting at the same table they told us we could not use tow coupons. I explained clearly that I did not want any one of us to benefit from both coupons and that it was no different than if we just had them seat us at separate tables and they said sorry, not our policy. After much haggling we were allowed JUST THIS ONCE to use two coupons at one table. COME ON!
What can I not gush about this place, 5 Star all the way! The food is delicious and plentiful. Every time I have been there I have never waited more than 5 minutes for a meat dish to come by the table. The wait staff is very professional and attentive. I never went without a refill of ice tea, even when the place was packed and jamming.

If you are worried about price they also have a locals night on Thursday and lunch on Sunday with discounted rates. Even at full price it is worth it. Bonus kids 5 and under are free.

If you want to get snu snu later in the evening, then take your date here.
What a great dining experience! Outstanding salad bar and side dishes and the meats were out of this world. Little secret dish - try the pesto bread dip sauce in the mashed potatoes! What sets this place apart from the other Braziilian Steakhouses is that most of the employees are from Brazil and really care and are knowledgable. Also, the price is about 1/3 less then the others. Give yourself a treat and check this place out!
Being someone that absolutely loves Brazilian establishments, I would not rank Via Brasil Steakhouse in my top 10!  The main reasons for my ranking was due to the price and the taste of the poultry items and salmon.  The bacon wrapped turkey was horrible...dry and overly salty.  I usually go by the mindset that anything wrapped in bacon is awesome, but that did not hold true for that item!  All the chicken items I tried did not impress and I made sure to pass on them the rest of the night.  The salmon with their mango sauce was ok , but the salmon was dry and didn't have much flavor either.  Now, the red meat options were amazing and well seasoned and prepared.  From the bacon wrapped fillet to the flank steak I could not get enough of the red meat items.  The wait staff was very good and constantly providing clean plates.  The salad bar was your standard Brazilian fare with nothing special, but for $45 a plate I would expect a more robust salad bar and better tasting poultry items.  I've had much better options from Brazilian restaurants that charge $25-$30 per plate. And what the hell is with the garlic bread on a skewer?
Holy crap, I hit 100 reviews on my last review and didn't even notice??  And I did my 100th reveiw on some sub-par establishment?  Shame on me!  To make up for it, my 101st review is on someplace stellar!

Via Brasil is on point!  Really a very good place to have a protein-filled dinner!  Calories?  Who cares!  With over 14 types of meat to choose from and a stocked salad bar with over 30 hot and cold items to choose from, you're gonna wanna get a taste of everything Via Brasil has to offer!

We started our meal with their warm Brazilian cheese buns which were gooey and tasty.  Our server also showed us that with each meal besides the all-you-can-eat salad bar and the meat, we also had unlimited choices of any of their side dishes that came from the kitchen.  I can't remember the entire sides menu but we ordered:

-Sweet potato fries
-Collard greens
-Fried bananas 

We placed our sides order in before we were escorted to the salad bar.  This was another treat.  It seems Via Brasil is on par with Texas de Brazil on salad bar selections, and there was many high quality items to choose from:

-Caesar salad 
-Grilled peppers
-Marinated portobello mushrooms
-Hearts of Palm
-Caprese salad (pretty good, creamy)
-Seafood salad
-Fine cheeses

Along with the salad bar are six hot dishes that are offered, on this day we tried:

-Mushroom risotto
-Fish in lemon butter sauce
-Rice & beans

All the salad bar items we sampled were fresh and pretty good.  I love a good salad with marinated fresh grilled veggies, brings on a sense of balance before you attack the meat like a t-rex!  Via Brasil's beans were super good, I loved the smoky flavor with the addition of the hamhock in the mix.  I had two bowls!  The only thing I missed from Via Brasil's salad bar versus Texas de Brazil's (and I should be ashamed in saying this) is that at Texas they have California Roll sushi on the line.  'Faux-shi'...for shame!  I dunno, I guess I just like having the option of eating it if I want to!

Shortly after we got our salads our side dishes arrived.  I enjoyed the tart of the collard greens, and both the sweet potato fries and fried bananas were good.  We finally flipped our little marker to green and off we were to the meat races!  We sampled just about everything on Via Brasil's menu that night:

-Garlic picanha
-Sausage
-Flank steak
-Tenderloin wrapped in Bacon
-Beef Ribs
-Prime Rib
-Leg of Lamb
-Salmon
-Chicken drumsticks
-Chicken hearts

Just about everything was excellent!  I noticed that Via Brasil uses a bit less salt than the folks at Texas which made the flavor of their meats a bit more appealing to my palette.  I loved the garlic picanha and their flank steak, juicy and tender.  The prime rib was great, just be sure to ask for a thicker cut!  The beef ribs were very good with their house BBQ sauce, I was eating part of a slab like Fred Flintstone!  The leg of lamb was not 'lamby' at all.  I had a small issue with the salmon, it was on the dry side.  But the surprise of the night was the chicken hearts, man were those good!  Reminds you of a Japanese izakaya because of that grilled flavor.  We almost ate an entire stake of these ourselves!  I am no stranger to exotic food!  Give it a shot and try it...you just might like it!

And don't forget to ask your server to bring their chimichurri sauce for your table!  It's a must for your meat!  The mix of olive oil, garlic, lemon, parsley and other herbs gives your meat that punch of flavor which will ignite your taste buds.  Super good!  

Via Brasil also does offer various dessert choices but after the meat attack we went through we were too full to order anything, I'm thinking maybe next time?  And yes, there will probably be a next time.

Service was very good here, our server was attentive, kept our glasses full, and answered any questions we had about the salad bar or the types of meat they served.  And don't forget to join Via Brasil's e-club!  You receive news on special events and promotions, as well as possible BOGO coupons on your birthday or anniversary!  Always a plus in my book to save that dough!

I missed the old Makino that used to be in this space, but Via Brasil has done a great job taking over.  We left happy with joyous memories, and our bellies full of food.  Food that alas, will force me to work twice as hard in the gym to burn these meaty calories off.  Uh...I work out!!
My wife and I wanted to eat at some special places for visit to Vegas, and found one at Via Brasil. Our experience, my wife's first at a Brazilian steakhouse, was memorable, positive, and romantic. The quiet and relaxed atmosphere was well complemented by excellent and attentive service. The meats that were brought around were all excellent, but we both especially loved the bacon wrapped turkey. The selections on the salad bar were extensive, varied, and everything we tried was delicious. The chimichurri sauce must be mentioned, and was bursting with flavor. If there was a single downside as a visitor, it is that the restaurant is a good distance off the Strip, so the cab rides were expensive, but we left feeling it was money well spent
I must admit, the first time I ate at Via Brasil I probably would have given 4-stars, but after my second visit I gotta go with 3 instead.

Let me begin first by saying I don't think VB is a bad place to eat. In fact, I think it's a very nice restaurant with very nice wait staff (including bussers, hostess, waiters, everyone!). On both of my visits I was pleased as punch with the service and the arrival of the meats/cheese bread/condiments/beverages. 

However, on my second visit some of the magic wore off from the first visit. I went here for a birthday dinner with my fiance. On a Saturday night I made a reservation, expecting the place to be busy, but it definitely was not. Kind of a plus for us, except for the fact they sat us out in the middle of the floor. I was kinda disappointed with the seating and hoping we could have been seated in a more secluded part of the restaurant, but it was okay...

As for food. The meats were okay, minus the salmon, which was delicious. I tend to skip the sausages and chicken-type meats when I come to a Brazilian steakhouse. I must say though, I think all of the meats were overly-salty. Cooked well? Yes. But just salty. I went through three glasses of water.

The salad bar I think is okay, but not as good as Texas de Brazil.

Overall I'm saying it's an okay place. It is cheaper than Texas de Brazil. It is more intimate than Texas de Brazil. I enjoy the ambiance here. I wouldn't NOT reccomend Via Brasil, but it will probably be awhile before I go back.
We did Mother's day brunch at Via Brasil. The experience of dealing with incompetent hostesses and a staff with no knowledge of a proper restaurant reservation system deserved 1 star. However, the experience consisting of the food and the waitstaff service (after waiting 50 minutes and then finally getting seated) was 5 stars. So to balance it out, my rating is at 4.

A little delay and backup of seating times on big holiday weekends is understandable. However, the Mother's day brunch reservation system was highly unorganized and every single party (whether a 2-top, 4, 6, or very large party 10+) waited on average one hour after their reservation time to be seated. Many people were very upset, some left, some (like us) stuck it out and the feeling was very chaotic.

That said, the waitstaff and the quality of the food really came to the rescue. Once you were actually seated it was business as expected. The quality of the food was outstanding and some of my favorites were the beef carpaccio and turkey wrapped in bacon.

I will also give management credit for giving us several gift cards and complimentary desserts as consideration for our extremely long wait.

I'm not sure if I have confidence in Via Brasil's reservation system to go back for a holiday weekend meal, but for a casual meal with family or friends, I absolutely would.
Amazing customer service on point and food was amazing I never felt so happy and satisfied from a Resturant every penny was worth it..abregado!!!
All you can eat...say what?

Since my boyfriend and I wanted to go on a fancy date we decided to give this place a shot since we did try Texas De Brazil and liked that place. Most of the people I have talked to about Via Brasil said it was way better, so why not try it.

Salad bar:
They had lobster bisque soup, white rice, salad, sauteed mushrooms, and yummy delicious items to choose from. (Beware: as tempting as it is don't go over board because you want to leave room in your tummy for some meat)

For all you meat lovers they have many different types of meats to eat. The Prime Rib and top sirloin was my favorite. Also, they do have Salmon, which I enjoyed. You also get to choose 3 sides to eat with your meat...we ordered the grilled asparagus, broccoli, and fried plantains. 

I would totally recommend this place! The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious!
Very good and has a really good variety of meats you can try.
Brazillian Rotisserie.  I know it tastes great, I know it is a somewhat unique way to dine, but I can never get past the 44 dollar or more price tag so when I received my father's day $29.99 coupon I had to go and take the whole family.  The salad bar was fresh and the lobster bisque was ok, if a little flat.  But we don't come here for the salad, so I turned my card up and said bring on the meat.  The favorites were the pork loin (surprisingly tender and flavorful), the lamb, the pork ribs, and the fillet wrapped in bacon.  The fails were the chicken and turkey which were dry and appeared overcooked.  Also the salmon was bland.  The rest of the meats included beef ribs, sirloin, strip steak, and sausage.  

They come around often and mostly ignore the button, asking you anyway.  The sides are not very good and you don't really need them as your salad bar should give you the illusion of eating something healthy.  Pace yourself and don't be afraid to say no or come back later.

Of note: Kids are 14.99.  Happy Hour is 5-8 pm daily and includes a selection of appetizers and drink specials.  Thursday night is locals night and women are 29.99 and men 39.99 plus the appetizer specials are for the entire restaurant.  Sunday Brunch is 24.99 and includes some of the meats as well as an omelet station.

Bon Appetit
The food was excellent loved it the bacon wrapped filet was great
Went for the happy hour. The drinks were great, the food was tasty. Had teriyaki sliders and bacon wrapped shrimp. Service was good
We dined here on the 24th of July. 
This place is amazing, classy and very good food wise. My husband is half Brazilian and so we had a great experience there. Our waiter a very nice young man and kept checking on us. The serving was great, I had the feeling because 90% of our group was Brazilian we had the sort of "special service". But even when our cards displayed 'no meat' they still came around. The waiters were nice, and me not having been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before, when I asked what the meat was, they explained. We had a lot of talk with the waiter, because part of our group also came from Holland, and he talked with us and it was all a good time. 
I had two glasses of Chardonnay and it was a very good white wine, very soft and fruity. 
The meat was amazing, I recommend you try the chicken hearts when you dine there, they are pure heaven. They have a lot of good stuff there, my advice is just try it out! At the salad bar I had gotten some cheese, and what I thought was meat, but it turned out the be cheese as well. It looked a bit red/purple-ish. It tasted like cheese but had a sweet taste to it as well, it was great.
This restaurant was simply amazing and a very good fun evening for our party of six!
Treated a girlfriend for an early birthday dinner here after work late July 2012. Arrived there at around 5:30PM and was pleasantly surprised at how empty it was. We were the only group aside from another couple towards the rear of the restaurant.

Seated immediately, our waiter asked if we knew how Brazilian steakhouses went. Paper coin on green "GO" means more meat, flipped over, red "STOP" indicated a break. We nodded and placed our order for three appetizers: fried plantains, green beans, and mashed potatoes. We also ordered a pitcher of the sangria which was beyond divine and totally complimentary to the meal. 

There was a plethora of appetizers, but I stuck to the smoked salmon and green beans. Delicious. My girlfriend told me to try mozzarella slices on the fried plantains when they came out, as it is a popular snack in SAmerica. It sounded odd, but tasted amazing. The plantains were lightly crusted with brown sugar and so, so warm. 

The meats started to arrive and I remember having filet mignon, some of the chicken, and more steak. I can't remember what that last cut of steak was, but all of it was so delicious. The waiters were so gracious and helpful; make sure to assist them with your own tongs as they cut for you!

Definitely will come back. I'm salivating as I write this review. This has been my first 5-star review and Via Brasil definitely deserves it. All-in-all, I paid $80 for her dinner and mine as well as the pitcher of sangria. Not sure if it's because it was an afternoon or local price, but it was well worth it.
I got to experience first-class service by their most attentive staff constantly asking me if I needed anything and were at times one step ahead of me and knew what we needed! The gourmet salad bar offers grilled Portobello mushrooms, seafood salad, beef carpaccio, fine cheeses, and many more.

My list of absolute faves you should try!
Meats:
Garlic Picanha
Tenderloin Wrapped in Bacon
Picanha (Top Sirloin)
Prime Rib

Side Dishes:
Salgadinhos
Fried Bananas
Grilled Cheese
...And if you want to end your dinner with a huge smile on your face, ask for their Cappuccino!

I love that children ages 5 and under are FREE!
I first came to this place in 2008 when it first opened.  It was ok, but not the best rodizio experience I've ever had.  I'm actually surprised this place has stayed open for so long!

Fast forward to this week, when I stopped by twice for their happy hour.  It's been on my list of places to try, and they only win because their happy hour lasts until 8pm when so many others in the area last until 7pm.  I'm slow to start.

There's a LOT of food options, all in the $3-$6 range.  On top of that, everything I've tried has been pretty good.  Standout items to be are the calamari and the fish & chips (though the chips were like stale potato chips).  Sliders were good, too.

The servers have been pretty nice, but it seems a little awkward.  It's like they don't ever know what to say.  Maybe it's just weird, or I'm so incredibly attractive they lose concentration on what they were talking about.

UPDATE: I just went through my receipts, and here's what I had, their prices, and my rating of the items:

brazilian fish & chips - $3.75, 4/5
calamari - $5, 5/5
beef carpaccio - $4.50, 3/5
bacon shrimp - $6, 3/5
stuffed artichoke - $3.75, 4/5
teriyaki sliders - $6 (I didn't get to try this)
pineapple sliders - $6, 4/5
butter shrimp - $6, 3/5
The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere. They have happy hour from 5-8 pm, you can actually try different Brazilian appetizer as their menu is pretty decent. You can also have all you can eat salad bar or all you can ate meats. their food is pretty tasty. I still prefer Texas de Brazil but If you don't want to drive far this place is a good option.
Spent $190 for my wife & I. Didn't feel bad about it because the food & selection is very good. 
I was not prepared for their method of serving the food but it was a good relief from the norm.
Dinner has killer salmon with passion fruit sauce and seasoned grilled corn. So damn good.
Ok. I'm not exactly a newbie when it comes to brazilian steakhouses. I enjoyed my experience here and savored the special touches. The server pulled my seat for me and pushed it to the table and placed my napkin on my lap. At one moment, I had dropped a few crumbs and was going to clear them, a server came over with a special rake to take care of the crumbs. 

The food was delightful. On the salad bar, I loved the aspargus risotto, scalloped potatoes, grilled asparagus, fresh mozarella, and marinated arthichokes. The grilled items: corn on the cob, mozarella, pork tenderloin, sirloin, tri tip, baby back ribs, beef ribs, and prime rib. 

The service here is a cut above some of the others, in my opinion.
Sweet i've found me another happy hour that is both enjoyable and not wallet busting.

Started out with a Passion Martini (Sky Passion Infused Vodka and Muddled Strawberry)
Very girly looking drink with the reddish pink color and bits of muddled strawberry but it's light and has a pleasant sweetness to it without any bite from the vodka. Well balanced but not very pronounced in the passion fruit flavor. I tend to order drinks slightly on the sweeter side and this caught my attention because i have a soft spot for passion fruit. Had i payed attention and actually read the rest of the menu i would have ordered the Passion Fruit mojito.

We came from another nearby restaurant taking advantage of their happy hour and someone suggested that we hit up Via Brasil's since it's pretty close by so i didnt order very much.

Grabbed a Asparagus Risotto that was decent at best. It tasted more of a rice in a heavy sauce with some asparagus bits instead of an actual risotto.

Additionally while browsing the menu (regular menu not happy hour) the Brazilian style kale soup caught my eye and i ordered one of those. The broth was very bland and the sausages they threw in had no flavor at all. Also the kale was julienne so there was no big chunks of kale instead there was a huge mess of kale slivers. I was in the mood for a soup and this one didnt meet my expectations but then again who orders soup in a Brazilian style steak house?

I plan on coming back here in the near future. Since it was my first time here i didnt know i can order the same cuts of meat by the ounce and pay for it that way instead of doing the entire Brazilian steakhouse dining experience
I'm not certain this is a fair evaluation.  The food and service was absolutely fabulous.  However, we went on Halloween Eve, and there was a DJ with music that was almost ear splitting in volume, and I have a hearing loss.  My party could hardly converse. The folks partying at the bar in costume, however, appeared to be having a great time.  We are going back when our hearing returns, and I will update this review.
Really good selection, and not too salty in flavor like some other places
This is by far my favorite local restaurant in the area. Less expensive than Texas de Brazil in Town Square - south of The Strip. 

Friendly servers. They really take care of regulars there. 

Bummed they got rid of their Happy Hour Special a while back but still a great value.
This review is for my visit for Brunch, only available on Sunday! Rodizio style baby!

Brunch is 24.99 pp normally however I joined the on line e-club for free and was immediately sent via email an invite for 19.99 pp, hell yeah! FYI kids under 5 eat free. All you can eat/AYCE!

Wow, I came across this restaurant and brunch info by accident while browsing the web and I am sure glad I did!

The description of the brunch was mouth watering and I have been dreaming of going for four weeks now, was just waiting for a Sunday that my boyfriend did not work.

Complimentary drinks, fresh squeezed pineapple, strawberry and orange juice are available for $3.50 per glass.

They have a beautiful super fresh hot and cold Gourmet salad bar, that includes lobster bisque soup, bacon, sausage, hashed browns, cheese blintz,  and many homemade salads and a delicious ranch dressing! I really enjoyed the Caprese salad mmm yum and they have bottles of the best Olive oils around that you can use. My boyfriend really enjoyed the roasted peppers and eggplant. This is just listing a few as they have close to 35 items in their hot and cold gourmet salad bar!

Fresh omelet station, eggs benedict or eggs any style for your own creation made to order, and Belgium waffles made fresh as well!

You are given a rodizio marker for your table and when you want meat brought to your table you place it on the green side, and when you have had enough or are working on what you have then you flip it over to the red and they will not come to your table.

Mmmm yum they also give you a side of fresh mashed potatoes and some delicious fried bananas which were the best I have ever had in my life!!!!!!

They have a cart of fresh banana bread and another bread,  however once she said banana I knew I must have and did not hear what the other was. It was the best banana bread I have ever had the pleasure of eating! I had seconds on that for sure!

The brunch is rodizio style so there are 6 choices of meats coming around at all times to make the rounds to your table. They are generous and are constantly on the move making sure you are satisfied and have everything you need or could ever want! 

List of meats cut table side. Top sirloin, tenderloin wrapped in bacon, turkey wrapped in bacon, prime rib, chicken drumsticks, smoked ham and pineapple. Keep in mind this selection is only for brunch, their dinner service has closer to 16 meats. 

The bacon wrapped turkey was an explosion of flavor all up in my mouth! The prime rib was delicious and melted in my mouth like butta!

The service was Amazing, everyone on staff catering to our every need, refills of iced tea galore, my glass never even had the chance to get half full at any point! 

They cleared plates, brought plates, folded our napkins back up every time we left the table, they were on it! This restaurant for sure values and appreciates their customers!

Heather was an Amazing Server by the way, her smile and sweet, helpful, knowledgeable personality was refreshing. If I owned a restaurant I would love to have her on my staff!

This was a real treat for my sweetie and I also was my first time for rodizio style meat service it sure was a winner!

We will be back because I know I will be dreaming about this place and be itching to get back really soon!

The best service ever in all of my dining experiences I swear! I told my boyfriend that I feel like a Queen totally treated like royalty in every way! They totally spoiled us with anything and everything, I am still Amazed and super happy with our experience. 

Top quality food and very tasty and creative!
Went to eat here a few days ago with some friends. Really enjoyed my time here.  The staff was very friendly and always there when you needed them.  

The salad bar did not have as many options at other Brazilian steakhouses I have visited before but they did have new options.  I loved the asparagus risotto the most.
The meats are great and they also offer a side menu that includes, mashed potatoes, fried bananas, onion rings, asparagus, etc. 

I will be coming back here in the future.
They only get 2 stars because the owner needs to learn some serious people skills! I have eaten there twice, the first time was on a week night and there were only about 8 tables seated. Everyone bent over backwards for us, which I expected because they had the time to do it. We liked it so much that we decided to book their New Year's Eve Party. We were 5 minutes late to our 10:30pm reservation and then stood for almost 10 minutes waiting to check in because a large party was standing in the entryway. The hostess (turned out to be the owner) saw us standing there and ignored us. When we finally got to check in she told us that they had given our table away so we now had to wait. After waiting 10 minutes I asked how much longer it was going to be because we had been told the food service stopped at midnight. I couldn't understand her answer because the DJ music was so loud. When I told her this she started screaming at me that I could stop yelling at her and that if we didn't like it we could walk out because she didn't need people like us. When I tried to explain that I was speaking loudly because of the music she cut me off and screamed at me some more. The other hostesses and guests were in shock. So I decided to ask her name. Her answer was that she was the owner and I could call her the owner or I could get out. Since there were no other options for dinner at that point I asked how long it was going to be and she said she had to find somewhere to "put us". We were finally seated last after she seated 6 groups that came in after us. We reached our table at 11:05 and then sat for another 5 minutes before anyone came to the table. There were at least 5 open tables in the section we were in so it was pretty clear there shouldn't have been a problem "finding somewhere to put us". The hostess who did seat us apologized repeatedly for her behavior and said she was sorry there was nothing she could do. It was clear from our conversation with her and other staff during the night that outbursts like this are a regular occurrence and the staff are used to trying to make it up to guests who do stay and eat. I guess it should have been a warning when I saw her grabbing party favors out of a guest's hand and yelling at the woman that she could only have 1 item per person. 
Our server was wonderful once he realized we were his table. However it was clear the staff bringing the meat around had no idea how to navigate a full restaurant. My plate was constantly empty and we spent half the night craning our necks trying to find the closest meat server. The salad bar was the usual which surprised me for a party that they were charging so much extra for. It is tiny compared to other Brazilian Steakhouses we have been to and both times they have hit a big pet peeve of mine. They put the salad dressing in front of the tray of salad so lettuce drops into it during the night. By the time we got to the salad bar the dressing was full of lettuce, which is a health code violation. It has happened both times we have eaten there, so it is clearly not something they care to keep neat. The meats were so salty that I had to ask for center cuts. And after being promised they were serving food until 1am, they stopped bringing meat around at midnight. They put out a dessert buffet at midnight. By 12:20 there were about 20 items left and they were all stale like they had sat out all day before being served. The worse part was they didn't have any more so several people didn't even get dessert which was included in the higher price for the party. We finally had to ask for more fried bananas. Once the server realized we hadn't gotten any dessert he brought us something from their regular menu. 
The last thing that bothered me was on the check. The check had been rung up under a different server's name. When I asked about it we were told that our server was the "second" on a team and the name was the "leader" of the team. I asked where the leader was, and was told she had already left the floor for the night. I thought it was tacky that I was expected to tip a "team" of servers when only one person had spoken to us all night. I am not talking about leaving the bussers and such out. I don't think someone who never even spoke to me should get a tip from me. Especially someone who has already gone home even though we are still seated. 
We won't be going back unless someone else is buying for certain. If you do go, make sure it is on a slow night so you get good service and pray you don't cross paths with the owner.
Short version: If I hadn't ever eaten at Texas de Brazil maybe this would have gotten 2 stars. If the price reflected the quality of the food they gave me in any way, maybe it would have gotten 3. Neither of those are the case. Cheap off-tasting meat, poorly seasoned and cooked, staff that doesn't know rare from well done, tiny and unappetizing salad bar, mediocre desserts, ridiculously expensive. Never again.

Let me start with the most ridiculous part of the night: I asked them to send over the guy with the filet mignon, and they said they don't serve filet. If you're going to charge me $77/person for tiny nuggets of meat, and $10/drink, not having a filet mignon is unacceptable. I wouldn't come back for that alone.

Went here for New Year's Eve, The meats were poorly and inconsistently seasoned. Some too little, some too much. The servers have absolutely no idea what level their meats are cooked to. My fianc asked for a piece medium, and got barely-even-cooked rare. I asked for a piece medium, and got shoe-leather well done. Every meat we asked for was asked for medium and I don't think I got an actual medium piece all night. 

The salad bar is extremely small, and choices are limited and . Unlike Texas de Brazil, many of the items are also "prepared" items, like soups, which makes the "salad" portion of the salad bar even smaller. 

After midnight the salad bar turned into a dessert bar. That was an awesome idea! Except the only thing that tasted any good were the sorbet cups, and they never once restocked them. My table of four got to share two tiny melon-baller-sized scoops between us and no matter how many times we checked they never brought any more out.

They did have a DJ, and I can't complain about him although I'm not a big DJ person so I couldn't tell you if he was good or bad. He's just background music to me. 

There's no coat rack. Not really something you see a lot of in Vegas, I know, but it's 30 outside and I saw a lot of coats draped over extra chairs, in the flowers, across laps...this doesn't have anything to do with my 1-star rating but it really annoyed me.

There are two kinds of staff here, as far as I'm concerned: the meat-bearers and everybody else. Regardless of my issues with the meat bearers (completely lost on rare, medium, etc; relatively inattentive), the rest of the staff was excellent. Our waitress was always checking up on us, our drinks were never empty, the hostesses were polite and even came to get us from the bar while we waited for our table instead of having us stand in the reception area. (Why don't they have buzzers, anyway? No matter, they did an admirable job the old fashioned way.) In spite of all of this, my experience was definitely negative. Which is a shame, because I was REALLY hoping to have a place like Texas de Brazil on my end of town.

They brought us out a $20 gift card at the end of the night, and the waitress said that it was good for our next visit if we just followed the instructions on the back. My friend handed it to me since he didn't plan on ever coming back. I left it on the table with the check because I don't plan on ever coming back either. Neither of us even bothered to read the "instructions".
Great service. Delicious food. What more can you ask for? Definitely better than Texas De Brazil and Yolie's Brazillian Steakhouse.
OK. Now I'm not a big meat fan, however my husband is. First of all, you have to serve yourself at a salad bar. Then they start bringing out all the meat and chicken and lamb and the servers swarm around you all the time, even though you put the stop sign up. Very annoying and not comfortable and the food was just so so and not to mention how expensive it was. Too many other wonderful restaurants to eat at. Will not be going back.
If you love steak, lamb, chicken, turkey, you will love this place! The waiters and staff are friendly, and the atmosphere is quite nice, less hectic than other Brazilian places out there. You can get your pick of the liter when it comes to side choices, I prefer the asparagus or take a look at their salad bar. The downside is, you must make reservations, or prepare to wait! They did go up in their prices since last year, meaning when I first went there dessert was included and now it is not. Other than that, I am a fan of Via Brasil!
After posting my previous review about my 1-star experience on New Year's Eve, I was contacted by an employee offering to have me back for another meal and to refund my poor experience. I happily accepted, as I'm open to giving people more than just one shot.

Unfortunately, they messages they sent me were deleted (not by me...) and my attempts to contact them directly at the email address provided in the message have gone ignored.

Not only was my experience with their restaurant very poor, my experience with their customer service after the fact has been extremely disappointing as well. I can not stress enough how poorly I rate this establishment.
Great restaurant!!!! My husband and I went for Valentines day and let me just say that the atomosphere was perfect.  Candlelite, very romantic tables.  Great service and even better food.  Love it, can't wait to take my son back so that he can try all the great meats!
I thought it was a very nice atmosphere  w/live music. The salad bar was very impressive and of top quality. The staff was very nice. The price was applicable. Meats were done very nicely. I definitely would take a party of 8 here next time.
One of the best happy hour prices and times in Summerlin. Good sized portions, plenty of options and very delicious food and drinks.
A great place for Happy Hour!  Its crowded enough that there isnt really any bar stool available or tables but not busy enough that there were people standing around.  Happy Hour is daily from 5pm-8pm in the bar and patio area.  

FOOD: 
Caipirinha's (Kiwi and Strawberry) $5 each - their kiwi flavored sugar can liquor is so good!  The Caipirinha is Brazil's famous drink and I love it!! Its sweet and super strong.  I really liked the two separate flavors and it didn't hide the kick that you get lol My only problem I had with the Strawberry was that I would have loved if they strained the strawberry bits out.  Its kind of hard to drink when every two seconds I have to clear the straw.  

Chicken Tenders $5 - The chicken tenders are tender and moist ^_^ they make good tenders lol And they come with a side of Yucca Fries which I love.  I am a great lover of french fries and every time I have Yucca fries, I wonder how come other restaurants cant make them too!

Brazilian Fish and Chips $4.50 - The fish was extremely moist and flakes really easily which is a good thing.  My only issue with this is that it has a fishy taste to it which makes me wonder how fresh it is. 

Brushetta $3.50 - You get four piece of brushetta topped with feta, tomato, and top with lemon dressing.  Its pretty good and the size of each brushetta is pretty large when most restaurant serve you something pretty small.  The only thing that could make this really good was that they need to toast the bread.  I love bread, I love bread that i just eat straight up with their crunch exterior and super soft chew interior... their brushetta was that but its not very stable when you're trying to lift it up to take a big bite when the lemon dressing is soaking through.  

Sausage & Yucca $5 - Yucca fries are the bomb! When we place this order, i thought were were going to get these chubby little sausages (no idea why i thought that lol) but what we got instead small little sausage slices (about size of nickels) that were sauteed crispy.  The flavor was good but was surprise that the form they came in.  Whats really good is if you take the slice sausages from this place and put them on the brushetta lol


SERVICE:
The staff are very attentive ^_^ Since there wasnt any cocktail tables or bar stool open, they had set up two of their patio table behind the bar (small corner hidden behind the waterfall bar).  I think because we sat in this corner, we got better service lol cause the waitresses had to always remember to stop by. 

Anna, one of the owners and event planner, walks the restaurant and the bar area and checks on the guests as well.  She is actually the reason why my fiance and I booked our wedding dinner at their restaurant.  

The table next to us (the only other patio one in our little corner lol) had 3 guests that got their food quite quick but was missing their Caesars Chicken Salad (which looked pretty good and the size was large which I must remember to try next time).  The waitress apologized for the delay as there was a mix up in the kitchen and brought the salad ASAP.  Anna came by and offered them complimentary dessert for their delay on their one order.  I thought that was pretty nice since the guests didnt really seem to mind and that Anna was so quick to hear about it. 

WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK FOR HAPPY HOUR AND CANT WAIT FOR OUR WEDDING DINNER TO BE HELD THERE!!
One of my favorite and best priced Summerlin Happy Hours -5 PM to 8 PM in the bar and patio area

They recently expanded their small plate offerings in addition to being able to get their meats by the ounce.

Love their fresh fruit Mojito's and Caipirinha's; and order a different one each time I go.

And as always, exceptional service and libation mastery by Coleen.
pros...great place to actually celebrate thanksgiving in Las Vegas.  this was where me and 14 of my closest friends and family decided to spend thanksgiving dinner at.  and it was just great.  the place was not crowded, at least the time we were there.  and it is a pretty typical brazilian style meat house.  they advertise like 40 different cuts of meat to be had, but i only counted like 20 or something. great service and fun waiters that come around.  also a dessert cart as well.

if you have never been to one, then it is just a great way to try out this style of dining.  these are all you can eat affairs, and it would be best if you are not in a hurry.  as the time it will take you to actually digest your food will be days.  so once you sit this place has individual little cards, which allow the waiters to come around with different swords of meat.  so say the meat sword, yeah i know it sounds funny, but that's what it is.  so it comes around and the guy will ask you if you want that particular cut of meat, and if yes he places it onto your plate.  if not, no harm or foul.  then you eat, and then you wait for the next type of food on the sword.  and this happens over and over and over and over again.  

but in the case of my table, you are greatly pressured to eat whatever is being offered.  and along with that, there is the other matter of the caiperenas, which is like the brazilian equivalent of a mojito, with just a different type of alcohol.  and boy we are a rowdy bunch as we will try to bully you into eating a lot of food.  needless to say 3.5 hours later and a massive bill later, we were out of there.  and it was a great thanksgiving, beats anything that can happen at home.  just cause that would be a lot of meat to cook.  but i must say my favorite dish of the night was not a meat dish, but actually the grilled corn.  it was sweet and delicious like no other corn i have tasted.  

cons...not easy to find this place and it is a bit far from the strip.  but once you find it you will have a great time.  prices are high, but then it was an all you can eat and thanksgiving as well.  so come prepared by not eating all day and the day before as well, just to get your moneys worth.  dessert was a bit of a let down, but i guess by the time we were done, there wasn't much room left in the stomach for it.  and be wary of our table, as we tend to get loud and rowdy.  and make sure that my wife is not inebriated, as she has a vicious potty mouth that is loud and obnoxious as well.
I wish I could give this place less than 1 star.  What a horrible experience!

I was part of a larger group and although our experience was bad, we didn't bother asking for a manager because when the couple next to us politely did so, the manager came to the table and was VERY rude to them.  She even went so far as to use racial slurs and call the lady the "C" word!!!  After that, the manager followed the customers to the front door where she continued to harass them.

It's bad enough when your food service sucks but to treat any customer that way is inexcusable.

Not a chance on earth we will ever return to this God awful place.
I am a regular here...well regular as one can be.  I come here about once every six months. That is about enough time to  forget about my last meat hangover and prepare myself  for the next meat hangover.  I always have this dooming feeling that this place is going to shut down, because it was unprofitable due to me and my husband eating atleast 5 lbs of meat, EACH!

Despite being somewhat buffetish, I think the quality remains high and consistent. Frankly, I am very discriminant about what I eat from the "buffet bar", while it show freshness, chose wisely, most of it is just filler and distraction from the more expensive meat.  I do eat the beef or salmon carpaccio and sample the soup and hot appetizers... all decent.  However, a little plate of roughage doesn't hurt and can be a welcoming break from the continuous onslaught of hot sizzling meat coming your way.  The meat and variety is awesome especially if you desire red meats. 

I notice a few cost saving changes that I think make total sense.  The table side, side dishes are smaller portions but still you can order as many as you want and I am pretty sure if you finish and want more,  they will bring you more.  Shrimp cocktail at the buffet is composed of small shrimps, where as before they were large ones.  Now the large shrimp come tableside, which are brushed with a delicious garlic sauce.  I didn't see much of a raw seafood selection anymore. 

Service was "good" this time, but in the dozen and half  times I've been here, I've never had less that good service and more often than not it has been excellent and cordial.

P.S.  read the fine print. if you have the recent Groupon offer, be aware it is more like buy one meal at full price get one half off.   If there are two of you, you cannot use two coupons, but you can use two coupon If you have four people.

Just go and enjoy.
Been to many Brazilian Steakhouse, this one is slightly different. More items on the salad bar like Chicken Marsala and Lobster Bisque soup etc.
Quality of meat is pretty good. The only one I found really dry was the New York Steak. They have one thing extra i.e Corn on the Cobb which was delicious. Atmosphere is nice and pleasant.

Food 8/10
Service 9/10
Atmosphere 9/10

Ask them to make Filet Mignon with Garlic sauce and thank me later.
I cannot put into words how amazing this place was. My husband and I were married at Always & Forever Wedding Chapel (review coming) and didn't have any desire to do an actual reception. I found this restaurant online and they were AMAZING. They arranged transportation for our entire party from the chapel to the restaurant, and back to the strip. We were in the private room and it was perfect. The staff was attentive, fun, energetic, and so polite. It was almost like I wasn't in Vegas anymore. For 89.99 a person we had unlimited meat....excellent, yummy, and a choice of 20 meats....and unlimited premium drinks for 2 hours. The food was phenomenal. The experience was fun for all our guests and everybody had a wonderful time...it was perfect. 
Anna, the event coordinator, was so great! She was there to greet our party, explain how the process works, and made sure every need was met. I can't recommend this restaurant enough...it was the perfect way for us to celebrate our wedding with all our family and friends.
The beginning was great, then it went down hill.   Was told there were 18 types of meat, while we only got offered 8 types.  Never saw the other 10 missing types of meat.  We spent over $110 for two people on dinner and never got dessert or a coffee, everything is a la carte, (extra). I made a point to call them before I bought my two groupon coupons, but after we ate there the bill was an additional $35 on top of what I paid online.
Im disappointed we did not get to try the dessert & coffee.  No filet mignon, or veal was offered, where was the missing 10 meat types.???
You know, they say when someone likes your business, they'll tell 1 person, but if they don't like it, they'll tell 10.  I've been going to Via Brasil for almost a year, and I've loved it until recently.  I still love the Rodizio Dinner, which is expensive but comparable to other Brazilian steakhouses, and the food is delicious.

I turned several of my friends on to VB as a go-to happy hour spot.  They used to have a bartender/server named Jules who was AMAZING - orders were quick, accurate, she was witty and attractive (which my single friends appreciated). We would go weekly, or at least a couple times a month.

Sadly, I went back three times over the past two weeks, and was informed by the hostess that Jules was no longer there, and their service has plummeted.  The first of the three most recent visits involved delayed drinks, arguments with wait staff about how to split cash and credit card payments on the bill (which are usually over $250 with 6-8 people), and delayed food orders.

The 2nd of the last three visits, the same delays occurred.  The waiter tried to blame the kitchen, but when I asked about why my bruschetta (which takes all of 60 seconds or less to throw together) wasn't out after 30 minutes and the rest of my party was leaving, the waiter acknowledged he forgot to put the order in.  THEN, he puts the order in and rather than comp. the order, he charges the full price rather than happy hour price BECAUSE HE FORGOT TO PUT IN THE ORDER before happy hour ended!

The last time I went will be the last time I go for happy hour.  I went with two other people.  One of my friend's orders was completely forgotten.  We had trouble getting anyone's attention for new drinks. And, we waited, after we finished our food and drinks, 30 minutes until one of us went to the bar to get our tab for our table.  Then, after another 10 minutes, we ended up having to bring the signed check back to the bar because we'd basically been abandoned at that point.

I loved this place...LOVED. My friends made fun of me because I'd always recommend it.  Unfortunately, the service at happy hour has so plummeted that it's not even worth it.  Too many good happy hours to waste time here. Bring back Jules!
I went here for dinner and the food is good.  My wife and I also had a bottle of Malbec that was tasty with all of the food. 

A pleasant experience all around.

I enjoyed the lamb with mint jelly and the steak.  It is really easy to eat here on a low carb diet and is very tasty.
I just left this afternoon. I find the groupon to be more bait and switch. So you 24.99 for groupon. I than bring someone who pays full price. Am I the only one who thinks dragging in someone to pay full price is dumb. I thought that my companion would pay the same. So I explain to Anna (the manager) she tells me to get out if her restaraunt and dont come back. Its 430 in the afternoon. There was a better way to handle this. It is my birthday dinner. This is bad customer service. Next call to groupon. I will say that I wasnt expecting anything for free. The coupon should state that its only good for one person per table per reservation. No confusion there.  Bait and switch Groupon should choose better when attaching a brand to a business. Anna should learn better manners. Word of mouth is bad advertising when treated poorly.
This is one of my favorite places for happy hour.  Lots of great priced drinks and apps to choose from.  I usually get mojitos or sangria.  They have an outdoor patio which is nice when the weather is nice.  The staff is very attentive.
Very Nice and Yummy!
This is a very good restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful; very well decorated. The set up with the fountain is amazing. The servers are very friendly and very nice. Extremely helpful if it is your first time at a Brazilian steakhouse. 

Now, the food: everything in the salad bar was delicious. The salads, the mushrooms, the pasta, the soup; excellent. Along with Fogo de chao, this salad bar is quite possibly the best in town. The meat...now, I am not a connoisseur of steak, but I could tell a difference in not only quality of the meat, but also the taste from other Brazilian steakhouses. The overall quality of the meat seemed lower than at other places; I felt it to be quite rough, even though I asked for medium cooked slices. By comparison, fogo, and even Fleming's, was very tender. It was okay at best in terms of quality. In terms of taste, I found the ribeye (sniffle) to be salty! The RIBEYE! I literally had to spit it out, it was that bad. The lamb was salty as well and it irritated me. The New York strip steak and filet mignon were dry...VERY dry. This saddened me even further :(

However, the top sirloin was amazing, I could eat that all day...

All in all, via is a good place to eat... But for the price, I don't think it's worth it; for $50+, fogo is the better choice.
The food here is amazing. Its an orgasm in my mouth. The meat is perfectly cooked, and absolutely perfect. I love this place I keep going back for more. I highly recommend this place. If you want great food go here.
I'm writing this review based on two very different experiences at Via Brasil.
The first time was very nice, attentive wait staff, wonderful food, (My husband did say it didn't feel as upscale as Texas De Brazil or Fogo De Chao), but overall no complaints.
My second experience was very different. We went for Sunday brunch and had absolutely horrible service. We were sat close by a lot of other diners so I'm not sure where the disconnect was, but we hardly were ever offered the food selections. They were two waiters that were VERY good but as they were handing out only steak I was bored fast. I don't eat very much red meat which is why I liked VB because they offer chicken, salmon, and turkey. However, I was only offered anything other than steak once. I left feeling very dissatisfied.
I left my husband to pay the bill and took my 18-month-old out to the car, and to top it all off we were over charged! They were advertising a $19.99 brunch special and we were charged $24.99. 
As Brazilian steakhouses can get expensive I expect a little more TLC from mine. 
From now on I will be spending my money somewhere that will give us a little better attention.
I have heard about Via Brasil for some time now, but just got an opportunity to eat there.

The atmosphere is wonderful, high ceilings, open space, waterfalling behind the bar...very cool. 

The staff was amazingly attentive, paying attention to what we ordered, and suggesting dishes that would compliment.  Gerry, our waiter even made a point to special order me some lamb chops....WOW!

I cannot exactly tell which meat was my favorite...My wife said the Tri Tip was the best, but the chimichurri sauce made them all beyond words delicious.

Forget the other Brazillian Steakhouses and go here.
NOT a place to go for vegan or health food!-LOL.This place is a steak lovers Bomb! A bovine chowin dream! A cow cutters claim.....STEAK is ON! It's not cheap either but when you consider what is offered to you and how much of it you an indulge the glutton in you won't think it was nothing short of a pretty good deal actually! The salads are fresh,place is spacious and meat is all cooked just right! No wonder food lovers and critics flock to Vegas for meals like this! This place is spacious and soothing inside....all the modern amenities you love about casino towns! I don't like pasta but tried it here and was amazed at how good it really is! But cow city calls you moooooing if your a carnivorous sort of chow master! I will most definitely go back next time I go to Vegas!
Amazing service and dinner.

I liked almost everything they brought out. The salad bar was good. I liked how they did family style sides and brought it to the table. I had a hard time flipping my card over to red because they continued to have a lot of stuff. They even took care of me by getting me something specific that I liked and went back and made more.

Great churasscaria in Vegas!
My hubby has a birthday coming up and he wants Texas de Brazil for his special dinner. Since we had been to TDB before, and not tried Via Brasil even though it is in our area, I figured we could give it a shot. I did have an A-OK experience, but I am glad it wasn't his actual birthday dinner or I would have been disappointed we didn't go to TDB. 

The "Rodizio" dinner is priced at $45.99 per person. A 50 plus item salad bar is included, and you get to try 18 different meats that meat carvers bring to your table on skewers. You can choose if you want what they have and how much. If pink meat isn't your thing, you can request any of the meat be cooked to to your liking. They give each person there own round paper disc that you turn to green when you are ready for more meat and then you turn it to red until you are ready for more or are simply done eating. I was impressed by the fact that the side dishes were included with the meal. They had like 16 to choose from and you can pick as many as you like. That is a nice touch! They ask that you tell them your sides when you first get there so they can start preparing them. 

So I am not a vegetarian at all, but I don't eat a whole lot of meat. Tonight was my night to shine as the carnivore I am not. I absolutely succeeded! I first went to the salad bar. I wasn't impressed. There were a lot a seafood options which is great, but not for someone like me who doesn't eat seafood. I didn't feel there was a lot of options for a salad however the veggies they did offer were fresh and delicious. I put some "Caprese Salad" on my plate and that was actually very good. As we finished up our salad, the sides we ordered arrived. The "White Rice" paired nicely with the "Sauteed Mushrooms" and the "Fried Banana" was good. Then the meats started coming! I have to admit that the "Top Sirloin" known as "Pichana" that they claim is the star of the meal was not good at all. The meat was tough and flavorless. The "NY Strip", and "Prime Rib" were the same, tough meat and flavorless. Then came the "Bacon Wrapped Turkey" and THAT is delicious. I'm a huge fan of bacon and the bacon really added a nice flavor to the turkey. Then came the "Garlic Filet and "Bacon Wrapped Filet and these two are the star of the meal to me. The filet was so tender and flavorful. I like my meat cooked well done so the server took note of that and made sure to bring me pieces with no pink. I liked my meal, but can't see coming back and paying full price again. Maybe if it were a deal they had going on or something. The meat at first was not good, and the salad bar was not great. I know this isn't TDB, but I do have to compare it because they both have the "churrascaria" thing going on. And the salad bar at TDB is worth just eating that alone. The sides were decent, but I only enjoyed a few types of the meat so I'd rather spend the extra to have TDB. 

There is a Happy Hour here at Via Brasil Monday - Sunday from 5-8 pm in the patio/bar. Every Sunday they have a "Sunday Brunch" from 10 am - 2 pm and have different specials for the brunch so you might want to call and ask if there is a theme for that day. They have several options for events and banquets too.
I gotta knock Via Brazil down a peg as I returned for happy hour to find their prices went up.  Some of the stuff that was super cheap was now not so cheap.  Definitely a disappointing experience.  The best deals we found were the gouda sliders for $6.50 and the chicken sliders for $5.50.  Wasn't the $3-$6 experience I remember Yelping about.  $3.50 Stellas & Coronas is ok, I guess, but sheesh... get some craft brews, guys.

Sometimes the service is awesome here and sometimes the service is... awkward.  Never bad, just awkward.

Now that I don't live in the area anymore, I'll be going there even less than a few times a year.  I think there's better happy hour deals around town now.
Via  Brazil was a 3 star restaurant in my previous review 3 days ago.  That's nothing to be ashamed about.... it just means the restaurant was nothing great, but not terrible TO ME.  Yelp is a site for posting your opinions.  But some guy named Dustin J. had to send me a private message saying:

"We are very sorry that Our Happy Hour is too expensive for you. 
Please visit McDonalds, Taco Bell and other fast foods if this is too expensive for you"

It took me a minute to figure out what restaurant he was referring to, but when I found 20 photos for Via Brasil, I figured it out  Congratulations, guys, I will never return to your restaurant and will make sure nobody I ever talk to does either.  Worst marketing ever.
Don't eat at the salad bar. It's just filler. Overall, if you are in Vegas, and can get here, you should go. This is a meat lovers dream. So much good food and great, attentive service. Not a place for veagans. The atmosphere is very spacey and open. Hope to eat here again soon.
Started with an amazing salad bar, tons of choices, fresh, clean and delicious. Loved everything I tasted. The sides were terrific, and tasty. Loved the fried bananas and mashed potatoes.
Then the meat came, and it kept coming. Hot, juicy and wonderful choices, of bacon wrapped meats, tri-tip, salmon, garlic sirloin were among the table favorites.
Had a great time celebrating a friends birthday.
Get the banana desert, it is a show stopper.
A great place to go for a special night out.
I went to Via Brasil with my husband last week. I've been going for the past couple years and its always a pleasant dining experience. The hostess is always friendly upon arriving. I find this to be a breath of fresh air. It's not too common in Vegas to feel genuine kindness in people. Very hospitable. I absolutely LOVE the salad bar! There is so much variety to choose from!  It ranges from caprese salad, artichokes with vinaigrette, portobello mushrooms, potato salad to chicken stroganoff, a hot seafood dish with plenty of delicious herbs and spices,  as well as a delicious feijoada! A black bean and pork stew!  Too many to mention all. I recommend trying it yourself to see, or should I say taste! :) All of that is not even describing the 18 scrumptious meats brought out in skewers! I'm a meat eater so I absolutely love this place! I like my meats well done, I never have a problem with that! My favorite is the garlic pichana as well as the skirt steak! All the meats are always so juicy and tender and seasoned to perfection. Never to light or too much. I can't complain. Even if your not too much of a meat eater, there is an option for everyone! 

If your more into happy hour?... I guarantee you will love this place also. The timing is perfect, just in time to unwind after a stressful day at work. I love the the Caipirinha and the strawberry mojito! So tasty and refreshing! The menu option for happy hour is very plentiful and only ranges from $3.50-$10. The portion sizing is very generous definitely enough to share with your girlfriends! The bartenders are always so lively and very attentive. We never have to wait long for the food to come out or for our bill. All in all Via Brasil is one of my favorite places to dine at or just stop by and have a tasty drink! I think anyone looking  to enjoy a great evening of superb  service, tasty drinks, and plentiful great tasting meats should definitely give Via Brasil a try!
Came here for one of my birthday dinners and was pleased but have to say right off the bat that it aint no Texas de Brazil at all. At $45.99 per person I would rather give my money to Texas de Brazil any day. That being said the service was excellent but some of the meat either wasn't cooked enough, cooked too much, or actually tasted good. It was just intermittent on the food front. I'm not a salad eater so I can't comment much on the salad bar but that I tried some meats and cheeses that were ok. A lady came around with a alcohol cart and a man then came around with a dessert cart but I don't drink much and was too full for dessert it looked good though. If you have money to blow then give this place a try but for me it is a pass.
Update: after posting my last review I was offered a free meal and a refund on the over charge. A wonderful gesture. We happily enjoyed the meal with much better service then. However, we were never given the refund. I had multiple emails saying they would refund it that night but nothing ever happened. It seems like that experience perfectly sums up Via Brasil, trying but falls short.
busy day not only with the festival outside but the football game as well but but even if causal as best there is a way to provide a good experience to the guest .. I'll be back to dine , round two should be interesting
If you are meat lover, this is the place! Took my dad and family out for his birthday and it was wonderful.  Sure, it's $45 per person, but it is totally worth it.  You will not regret it after tasting the amazing selection of meats (we all especially loved the lamb!)  And our 2 kids were free.  We will be going back for special occasions.  Oh, and they told us over the phone "formal dining but you can dress casual" so we did...next time I will dress up  just a bit more as everyone else was in suits/dresses.  Awesome customer service!
Meh.  I'll be short and to the point. 

The service was great and the place is beautiful, but the fooood...

Most of the beef (filet mignon, garlic steak, mainly) was over cooked and tough.  Only thing they didn't botch was the flank steak.  The salmon was good as well.

Chicken was greasy.  

Lobster bisque tasted like slurping butter.

It's bad when the salad bar food is better than the meat at a steakhouse.

Over priced for what you get.
Great food and service!!
This review stems from sampling their food from Bite of Las Vegas so take it for what it's worth.
We ordered the filet, shrimp wrapped in bacon, & fries. The filet was tender, fresh, & delicious! Anything wrapped in bacon is good, but the shrimp wrapped in bacon was AMAZING & it came on a small bed of rice w/ a simple sauce. The fries were ok & a bit greasy. This was our first time trying food here so we didn't see if it was being made fresh or not, but it tasted as if it was fresh & not sitting like other booths.
If it tasted this good there, I can hardly wait to go eat at this place in person to get a full sense of the food & atmosphere. Def a place to check out for the food!
This is my favorite churrascaria in Las Vegas. Not only is their meat selection and salad bar amazing, but they also serve salgadinhos with the rodzio, yum!!  My Brazilian fianc loves this place because he can order his fried mozzarella and chicken hearts, other churrascarias won't serve them.  
We have been here many times and we have found their service impeccable.
I also like that this place gives you the option to order a la carte. Oh. and they have happy hour, awesome!!! Order a caipirinha!
All you can eat steakhouse...Chicken, Turkey, Pork, and Steak. Delicious hot and  cold sides. The staff is outstanding. One of my new favorites in Las Vegas
Been here before and the food was really good. Was seriously looking forward to coming to a costume party tonight. We had a ton of other things going on, so we were very late. When we arrived, the party was hopping! They had hors d'oeuvres set up, and the bar was packed. I asked a waiter if the setup was all for us, the party goers, and he said yes. So, we grabbed a plate and some snacks and found a table. I went waited in line for the bartender,  who had to be flagged down by no less than three people, since I'm apparently invisible, even in full Victorian garb. Once I finally got our drinks, I returned to our table only to find a bill for $58 - for a freaking salad bar! Sixty bucks for a salad? Are you kidding me? I had yet to take a single bite, so I called over a waiter and asked him what was going on. Same one that told us the hors d'oeuvres were part of the party, only now he acted like I was dumb. Told him no way in Hell was I paying $60 for a salad bar. Especially since I hadn't even found the salad, only the hors d'oeuvres for the party. He called over a manager, and he told me that they weren't for us. What? We asked first!! Bitchy waitress chimed in and said we were picking food off other's plates. Um...we sat down with a party of people who offered us hors d'oeuvres. WTF? Ended up telling them to take the plates, now it's principle. Rude bartenders who ignore you, waiters who lie, $60 gold-plated salads, and mean waitresses. Damn.
Great atmosphere. The food is amazing and service even better. I have recommended Via Brasil to several friends, all have said the steakhouse is a classy place to enjoy a nice dinner. The sides and portions are plentiful and have signature taste. The blackened filet mignon absolutely wonderful. I loved every bite and have been back many times and ordered the same sides with dinner. We found our place. Great buffet!
We went for dinner last Saturday on a Groupon, the food was amazing,  the mussels in the salad bar were some of the best I've ever had, so tasty! The service was phenomenal, it truly was an enjoyable dining experience, we'll be going back soon.
I like to consider myself a Brazilian steakhouse junkie! I've been to every Brazilian steakhouse in town on more than one occasion to test out service and selection at different time of the year. Now I went here on a whim with my brother. I figured I have to give it a go even though I was really craving another fine steak Resteraunt. I must say it's definitely not bad. They salad bar has a nice selection, the meats are nicely prepared and the side dishes are suitable. Really the only thing lacking for me was depth of flavor in the meat selection. 
My rating is strictly based on flavor. Texas de Brazil has tastier meats and bananas as well as some sides that are lacking on this menu. But that's just personal preference! 

I definitely would go back and I would take a friend or family member. It's worth a try.
Everything about our dining experience was absolutely superb!  Outstanding service and some of the most delicious steak ever.  The salad bar is incredible too!  I highly recommend it.
Great job!!! Atmosphere is excellent the meat .... AWESOME!!! I would definitely make this my restaurant of choice. If you love meat and plenty of yummy sides this is the spot!!
It's been 4-5 years since I have been to Via Brasil and had no plans on coming back but my friend kept ranting and raving about how good it is,  so one day I was to lazy to go all the way to TDB so decides to give it one more shot.  I was disappointed again and paying nearly $50.00 was just not worth it. A few days later went to TDB and it was great as usual for the same price. The quality of the food and the ambiance is night and day. 

I have to say that I will definitely not be going to Via Brasil again!!!
For reference I've been to Fogo de Chao (Vegas and San Diego) and Rei del Gado (San Diego).

I enjoy this place for their food and service.  I love the wide open setting of dinning and huge, huge TV in the center.  The hosts were very welcoming and accommodating by asking us if we wanted more plates or what meats we were wanting.  Hey, and with sooo much meat in my system they know to keep my water filled so I don't dehydrate from all the salt intake.

As for the meats, I was lucky enough to sit near the kitchen and had first cuts right off the skewers!  I kept going back for garlic steak, prime rib and the house special.  Can't really go wrong with the other meats.  I was also slightly surprised that the flan for dessert was of very high quality.  Not too sweet and not that crappy bready texture some flans end up being.

An all around great dining experience from service to food to decor.
Thanksgiving morning, Hubby calls to see if there is an opening for a lunch reservation.  

Lucky for us, they had a lunch spot for us.  

This place is very open and well lit with a bunch of windows bringing in the natural light.

Hubby was super happy that there was a huge television that was playing the football game.. 

The food was great!  We were seated right by the kitchen so we pretty much had first dibs on any meats that came in the dining area.  So yummy!  I piled all the different types of meats on to my plate and just feasted!

They had a salad bar with different types of salads.  They also had a cheese plate on the salad bar and they had a super yummy butternut squash soup.  I tried not to fill myself on salad bar items because I really wanted to enjoy the various meats they were bringing by.. 

The staff was super accommodating.  They were always ready and willing to answer any question we had and to help us in any way.  

The toddler isn't a huge meat eater, but she enjoyed the sides that they provided us at the table.  She loved the bread and rice and broccoli.  

This definitely a place I'd love to visit again when in Vegas.
Love this place!! My husband and I don't get to do date night often, but when we do we look for a quiet place, great service and exceptional food.   Via Brasil met all of that.  The food and service was impeccable and we left so stuffed because we tried a bit of everything and everything we tasted was fantastic!  We'll definitely be going back!
We are regulars at Via Brasil so it is definitely time I write a review for them.

I love the ambiance of Via. It is dim but not dark. It is always very clean with unseated tables set for the next guest, never any dirty dishes sitting around.

The water wall adds a nice touch and the televisions in the bar area are never too loud, if you can hear them at all.

The salad bar is kept clean and stocked with many options to choose from. The Asparagus Risotto is my favorite but I haven't seen it the last few times we're been there.

It doesn't matter where in the restaurant you are sitting, the gentlemen (Gauchos) with the meats will come to you with all of their offerings!

They will carve a delicious portion of meat right off their skewer and directly onto your plate. All of the selections are hot and fresh.

Charles and the flank steak are my favorite, followed very closely by Rodrigo and the prime rib. 

There are so many tasty meats to choose from, the price for lunch or dinner is well worth it!

Be sure to try the signature Pichana (top sirloin), sliced rare to medium rare. So delicious!!

Carol is a delightful hostess and always has a warm smile and a friendly word for us.

Adam in the dining room is so warm and genuine.

We love all of the staff at Via Brasil, no matter how long it is between visits, we are always treated like family.

There is a reason we keep returning. It is not just the food but it is the staff!

Thank you for being so awesome to us and Charles, thank YOU for honoring my special request on Christmas. 

Regardless of how busy you are, you always seem to find time to bring me some melted mozzarella and I adore you for that.

Merry Christmas and a happy, safe, prosperous new year to all of our friends at Via Brasil! See you all again very soon!
Great selection of meats that comes by on skews...fill up till your hearts content.
The staffs are great and the service is great!!
Nonstop coming of both meat and request of food....lol..my tummy surrendered after an hour of devouring the meat and the rest of the food.
Boy, when you give them a green light of the meat to come, they come like flies!!!
And you better come here super hungry with lotsa spare to top it off with the desert!!!
This place had a very nice atmosphere and the staff did an excellent job of making sure we had anything we needed. Being able to make online reservations was a plus as this place was surprisingly busy for a Thursday night. Full menu was not readily served but all we had to do was ask the staff for it and it was out in a matter of minutes. We will definitely be making another visit to this wonderful establishment.
Horrible start to our New Years Eve 2014. Took nearly 50 minutes to get seated after our reservation time. We finally had to point out a table that had been sitting empty for over 20 mins to the host team. One of the main hostesses just rolled her eyes at the other hostess for not seeing it. We were finally seated at 11:10pm. We watched as one other lonely couple also waited as long as us because the hostess gave away their reservation. We witnessed "cousins of a waiter" (a party of over 15 people) getting sat without a reservation long before us. We gazed at three empty tables in the bar- which would've suited us fine- but nobody was smart enough to come up with an easy solution. All we really wanted to do was sit down and eat and enjoy time with our friends that were visiting. Where was management in all of this? I started to feel sorry for the staff, all of whom seemed entirely overwhelmed and tossed to the wolves.
A staff member told us that the Manager was too busy waiting on tables and leaving other waiters high and dry with very few tables on this incredibly busy evening. A manager never checked in with us at all the entire night, even after we expressed our dissatisfaction to our server- Girardo. He did the best he could and was pleasant enough. 
The food was okay but the $80 fixed price NYE meal was a big joke, and I would not recommend it to others. The sides were pathetic. The top sirloin was very good. The whole experience was rushed, which was unfortunate as we were trying to spend a nice evening out with out-of-town guests. We had to rush and get everything we wanted from the salad bar before they took it all away right before midnight and changed to desserts. One of my friend's is a vegetarian, so she was counting on another trip up but before we knew it it had been whisked away.
Very hard to justify a $360 bill for four people after the bad start to our dining experience. Over half the restaurant brought their children and they were all running wild all night long. I understand that some families want to be together on NYE, but would you let them go crazy like that on a normal visit to Via Brasil? The music was entirely too loud, we couldn't hear each other at the table. All in all, we couldn't wait to get out of this place and never come back. Definitely leaving Via Brasil in 2013. We won't be back- EVER.
Went in for NYE and was very disappointed... the same over salted sided over and over and over and over and over and over.
Turkey bacon then chicken legs then sirloin to then start in that order all over again.
Terrible selection for $80
Total scam to maximize profits with the cheapest meats.  I used to go occasionally for Brazilian when we didn't feel like driving to the strip area... trust me I rather do that drive over eating here again.
So sick of chicken of this experience.


ok done with the food, staff was nice and waited about 35 mins after reser
I came here many years ago and used to love it. My family and I came here recently and the meat was TOO salty. We thought it was a one time thing and decided to go again, and again the meat was too salty and two of us got sick. 
Whatever you guys did, change it back!!!
I attended the New Year's Eve event, and the food, service, and atmosphere were as good as always! The salad bar alone is worth going for - delicious and filling. But the selection and quality of meat is out of this world. The staff is always consistently friendly and courteous. Added to this the fun night on New Year's Eve - busy, lively, and an all-around good crowd of people. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!
I really enjoyed my meal. The endlees parade of handsome men bringing me food helped too!
Great food & service! I've been to many Brazilian steakhouses but I would have to say Via Brasil Steakhouse is my favorite. They always have specials & deals which makes it affordable for me to be able to enjoy this type of restaurant. All the food is delicious & I find myself making about 5-8 trips back up to the salad bar. The meat is always cooked to perfection..have to try every single 1 at least once :D
This was my first time here..we chose it for the happy hour ..perfect place to hang out with the girls loved the atmosphere. .tapas were delicious. .and the sangria was my favorite. .great service will surely be back
I love this place! Awesome food and service. Unending supply of perfectly seasoned meats. Chef Michael really knows how to do it.
Ugh, Valentine's Day service! So many reasons to HATE this place. Here's why: 

Arrived in time for our dinner reservation at 9pm, only to be lied to constantly about the wait time. Wait time? With a reservation??? Apparently so. We hung out at the bar with a lot if other angry people with delayed reservations. Management came and went, never really providing much of an update and obviously had little concern for what was going on. We heard cuss words. Not very professional at all. 

Since we were seated about an hour late, the salad bar was beyond picked over. There wasn't much left and it was messy. 

The side dishes were skimpy. The spinach was salty. Other sides were ok but very small. 

The meat servers never seemed to make it to our table. They circled through the tables on the same pattern, and always ran out of meat just before our table. Awesome. In an hour, we had only been served meat three times. Wow. 

I checked in on Yelp, which offered a free dessert, only to be told that they would NOT honor the free check in coupon because it was a "holiday". Well....THEN WHY DO you HAVE a check in coupon?!?! The dessert we did have was disappointing (watery Tiramisu). 

We have been to all the Brazilian style steakhouses in Vegas, and loved it. Viva does NOT do Brazilian steakhouses justice. In fact, the poor service and bad food make the other steakhouses more appealing. Viva makes McDonalds look appealing. 

I can honestly say that we will NEVER be back and we will tell all our friends, family and coworkers about our horrible experience here. Cannot believe this restaurant will be in business much longer treating customers like this. HORRIBLE.
My hubby and I made reservations for V-day and they called us to confirm And sent us a comformation email...awesome! We got there as they opened and were seated quickly. The wait staff was amazing and on top of things!! The food was great too! I wish they offered a little more at the buffett/salad bar (being pregnant I had limited options) but overall the atmosphere was fantastic even for a busy Friday night! I highly recommend this place!
Valentine's day service was just okay. The food was just okay and I woke up around 4 am. with food poisoning. I will NEVER return.
Awesome environment! I personally LOVE buffets, but I also love the fine dining industry. Via Brazil was the perfect mix of the two and would have to rank one of my favorite restaurant experiences of 2014! With over 20 different varieties of meat, waiters walk around the restaurant with different selections in hand and gracefully offer to cut off a piece of your likings as many times as you please! There are no menus to make it simple, the salad bar has a great variety of salads, pastas, fruits, cheeses and condiments.  You are given three sides to go with your unlimited fancy of meat, and salad bar choices. So much fun, the employees are great as everyone has a welcoming attitude. If your looking for a new kind of dinning experience, this is the place to be, in the heart of Summerlin!
This is ten times better the Texas de Brazil.  The salad bar is awesome but be warned that if you do partake you wont enjoy the best meats around.  In my opinion Skip the chicken and pork and just enjoy the red meat because it's the best.  The server assistant James made our experience amazing!  If not for him I fear the night may have been a failure.  Our server captain kept forgetting things and james fixed every bad situation. He went above and beyond for us and should be made a captain immediately.  A great personality and work ethic!
For the price, too many interruptions during the meal. But hey, that's their claim to fame, right?  And the food's not that good.
Better than Fogo.

I have eaten at 8 different Fogos. I have eaten at 20 or more off brand non fogo style places. Generally I always come away thinking "should of gone to fogo".

Via Brasil is the first place where I have come away thinking "better than fogo". 

I will assume you are familliar with the concept of a churascaria and not explain the concept and what not, here is a point by point break down of item/winner. The service at both is excellent blah blah blah

Cheese bread- Fogo. Via tends to be a little drier and the individual cheesey poofs are smaller. They are also not served as piping hot.

Lime aid- fogo by default

Black Beans- fogo- actually has linguica/pork in it. 

Other sides- Via and it isn't close. They have way more options (including Yucca fries, street food etc).

Caipirinha- Fogo. It is more consistent, comes in a nicer solid feeling glass, and they dont have fruit flavored options which is a plus.


Meat
Picanha- this is just about the only meat that fogo wins. While picanha at Via can be great, it is inconsistent where as every single god damned time it comes around at fogo it is life altering.

Beef Rib- Via. It is never dried out, and since this is one of my favorites I view it as pretty important.

Bottom sirloin- my other favorite- fogo. They have similar cuts at Via occassionally but no salt encrusted cheap ass bottom sirloin... god its so good

Top Sirloin/Alcatra- Via- it comes thicker here which means you can still get more slices that have a crust and are medium/rare

Sausage/Linguica- Fogo

Pork Ribs- i never get these at either place, mediocre always

Parmesan Pork- Fogo by default

Frango/Bacon rapped- Via- oftne when i get these at fogo the bacon is not cooked/crisp but the meat is over cooked- a sure sign that they have been left in too long away from the fire. Not so at via

Lamb- I don't relaly eat this either when there is so much beef available but dining companions tell me fogo is better

Ribeye and Garlic Beef- these are very similar and both are better at Via
We really enjoyed dinner, from the salad bar the all meats and shrimp the food was outstanding!  The wait staff might be the best in all of Las Vegas and that is saying a lot!    On Sundays they serve a Brunch that is priced at $24.99 and if you load there app you can get brunch for 19.99.  Just an amazing place!!!!!!
This is an a-ok spot. The prices are outstanding. The offerings are diverse. But the quality is lackluster.

The space itself is nice. Very open with an understated, modern feel. Not too fancy, not too casual. The service is good. Not outstanding, but good.

I was here for brunch. Again, the prices are fab. Less than $25 for AYCE salad bar, meats, omelettes, benedicts, and waffles. And then an additional $15 for all you can drink bloody marys, mimosas, bellinis, etc. Needless to say, I filled up fast.

The salad bar is on the small side, but I liked that they also had hot offerings, incluidng a lobster bisque soup, steamed clams, and rigatoni alla vodka. The vodka sauce was quite delicious.

For the meats, there were numerous offerings. A couple were really good. Others were just ok. And others were eh, I'll just leave the rest of it sitting here on the my plate. Unlike some of the competitors, Via Brasil has warm pineapple, ham, chicken, turkey, etc. But the red meat is truly what it's all about - and it's what tastes the best IMHO.

If you somehow still manage to have room after all that food, there is also a dessert cart where you can select from an array of desserts, I had the cheesecake. The cheesecake itself was fine, but the berries were a bit too tart for my liking (and I love tart and sour things too). I'm not sure there's really a point to getting dessert here.

In the end, I'm still a bigger fan of a competitor place. But I can definitely see myself coming here again for brunch.
Amazing food!  Prompt service!!  Comfortable atmosphere!!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  First visit here and DEFINITELY will be here again very soon!
Service was incredible.  Everyone friendly and with a sense of humor.

The food was amazing.  The meats kept coming and I didn't want to turn the card to red.  I tried about everything they had.  The salad bar and sides were also nice, offering great accompaniments to the meats.

For dessert we had the bananas flambe.  This was the BEST dessert I have ever had anywhere.  Trust me, you HAVE to get this at some point.  The presentation and taste of this is on a different level.

Overall, the people, atmosphere and food make this a place I want to go to again and again.  Also, I am anxious for the brunch which seems great
I decided not to make firm plans for my boyfriends Bday dinner because I wasnt sure if he would be back in town. We had no problem getting a last minute table here on a Sat night. The staff was all very nice and helped to make the evening a success. 

The Salad Bar: 2 stars... Not super fresh. I normally love lobster bisque but this tasted condensed. 
The bread: Very good! 
Meat selection. I certainly didnt see 18 choices... The ribs were AMAZING!! I was happy I could have rare and it was all cooked perfectly. 
Sides: Cooked to order. Asparagus was a little undercooked. 
Dessert: Awesome! You must try the Truffles. 
Wine: Decent selection
Surroundings: Def not a "romantic" vibe... I wouldnt take a date here. 
Service: 10000 stars :)

What it is missing... Something to make it "special". Sauces for the meats would be nice as well. I had to have A-1 for the first time since I moved to Vegas because they have no house sauces. Overall, I probably wouldn't go back unless I had a coupon or I was invited there. It was good but it didnt blow me away.
Service was wonderful! Fidel, Anna, and Ashley were incredibly kind and accommodating. We loved the filet mignon sliders and asparagus risotto. The cocktails were good too- but a little on the sweet side. If you're into sweet cocktails, try the x-rated or passion fruit caipirinha, or the strawberry kiwi sangria. If you want a less sweet cocktail, try the lime caipirinha. My fav cocktail was the fortified sangria (it's spiked with brandy and rum)...mmmm
By far my favorite Brazilian restaurant in Vegas. Fogo de Chao is good, but Via Brazil is better! if you are looking for the best steakhouse in Vegas you found it! Via Brazil!

Let me know how you like it after reading my review :) I bet you won't be disappointed...

Order "Garlic Picanha,"  "Salgadinhos" and a "Caipirinha" to drink.
My all time favorite place in Vegas area. I go there for special occasions. Always happy with their meat selections and salad bar.
The food was great.  Everything was cooked to perfection. The only negative I have is that they weren't prepared for the big parties that came with Easter Brunch. We'd arrived early for our reservation and had waited outside on their patio. They'd gotten confused with our reservation because we found that we had 1 more child so a party of 10 instead of 9 so they switched our reservation with another party and didn't explain the confusion or switch. There did seem to be a bit of disorganization which was quickly remedied when pointed out. All in all, a good experience but with some room for improvement.
Good food and service. Easter Brunch was very good.
Dropped in for happy hour. Nice looking bar and patio area. I sat at the bar and ordered a brazilian passionfruit cocktail which was made with sugar rum. Very tasty!
I had a bowl of lobster bisque for $3.50 and followed that with chicken stroganoff which was well prepared in a creamy buttery sauce. $8. Really good food, good service, and overall a nice place. Will return here again.
Exceptional happy hour good and drinks!Mussels and risotto are superb! Sirloin steak burgers are not to be missed!! Sangria is delicious  and potent!!!the wait staff is attentive and personable. The manager, Adam, is running a very delightful experience at Via Brazil! Kudos!! Via Brazil steakhouse is a great experience.
Happy hour! 

We were looking for a nice patio happy hour that would be A-OK for our little guy too and we found one.

Many many many choices. Big happy hour menu. We had calamari, lobster bisque, asparagus lemon risotto, Brazilian cheese rolls, and a sampler of fried goodies including meatballs and shrimp empanadas. We also sampled red sangria, passion fruit mojito, caiphirina and wine. And topped it all off with chocolate mousse. 

$54 for 4 cocktails and loads of food with leftovers to take home. Everything was delish. The fried items were slightly indistinguishable from one another but tasty nonetheless. Calamari was cooked perfectly with two yummy dipping sauces. Bisque was salty, rich and dreamy. The cheese rolls are especially delightful soaked in the aforementioned bisque. Chocolate mousse was rich and creamy. 

We had a lovely cushioned sofa and table on the patio. The service was great. Very friendly and over attentive. 

We will definitely be back, and soon!
Great food. Excellent customer service. Could not get through all the meats. Will get the rest of the meats on next visit.
I LOVE this place AND the staff. We have been coming here the last 5 years and they treat us like family every time we arrive. They are so kind to my little girl and treat her like a princess the entire time. 
The food? Absolutely delicious. Especially the corn-on-the-cob and the Blush Pasta they provide at the Salad Bar (my only complaint is I wish they made it more often).  But the meat is mouth watering, freshly cooked, and still sizzling when it gets to your table. This is by far one of the best restaurants in town and you'd be a fool not to try them out!
Horrible horrible service..we made a reservation for 11:30. It is now 12:05. We are still waiting.I understand it is mothers day and it is busy but when we asked anna at the hostess stand why it is taking so long she told us we could dine somewhere else if we want. Rude, unprofessional, we will never be back. Also it is very hard for me to write a bad review. I only write good reviews. That's how bad this experience was..we are now at Texas de Brazil. Your loss anna
Made a reservation at 11:30 to take my wife for Mother's day.  This place was a fiasco. Very unorganized and understaffed for being a busy day.  We waited 45 minutes past our reservation.  We got a bunch of excuses as to why we were not being sat. Anna was rude and obviously overwhelmed with taking care of a large crowd.  She may want to apply at McDonald's. She is definitely out of her league here.  Was a shame. Was looking forward to eating here since we read other reviews about the food. The service was so bad we left and went to another steak house.
I try not to hand out 5 stars until I've consistently had a great experience. But this place is on track for the extra star, as based on our experience this weekend, the fella' and I will be back.

When trying to pick out where to eat, I could tell that steak was what was calling to my dinner partner. He picked out this place, and we went on a whim. So Saturday evening, no reservation, we just walk up to the booth and ask for a table. Gal doesn't bat an eye, and offers us a table immediately. She does pause to check and make sure we're okay with a high traffic area next to the buffet, but we aren't picky and it was next to a beautiful towering wine rack.  

Due to the odd location of our table, I think we were overlapped on our server, as we had two different guys coming by to check in and joke with us. They didn't overlap too much though and it just meant we had great service! 

I've never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, so I can't compare with other places. But generally, the servers were super welcoming and informative, the salad bar average to good and ohmygosh the delicious meat just kept coming. They had certain items that kept swinging by, but the guys would also check in to see if we wanted to try anything specific off the menu. We had purchased the shorter list of meats, but we didn't even make it through the whole taster list. What I did try was delicious.

I didn't knock any stars off for this next bit. I know that I tend to be a perfectionist, so don't expect any place to completely satisfy me. But, just in case, here's my 'eh' list. 

=The salad bar had some delicious items. (Charcuterie board/endive goat cheese) But there was a lot of stuff that I didn't try because I didn't want to fill up on average looking stuff. Not bad looking at all, just higher end average. Of what I did try, the only eh was the Greek Salad roll thing , which was kind of odd. The meat was actually kind of an afterthought and sort of hamburger like in consistency. 

=The Brazilian Sausage: Compared to all of the delicious cuts of meat, it was kind of tough and not worth the room it took up in my stomach. I think if it were part of a breakfast meal or an appetizer in another style restaurant, it would be really good, so this one's just a major personal preference. I can see why it's on the menu, it's just not for me. 

= The chicken was just a hair on the dry side. This is being super nitpicky though, as it had great flavor. Like, I wish that we weren't so full so I could have had a full piece instead of splitting it with my fella'. 

Now that the 'eh' stuff is out of the way, the great list:

=The cuts of meat were tender, flavorful and even though we didn't bother getting any sauces, they stood well on their own. I especially loved the tri-tip, but everything we tried was a well made presentation of the cut. I enjoyed that they were easily able to give me medium rare and my fella' could get the disgustingly rare slices that he loves as we've had many struggles with those requests at lesser restaurants. Also, the bacon wrapped turkey is an unexpected treat, so even though it isn't a red meat, I'd highly recommend trying it. 

= The 'courtesy breads'/fired mozzarella, as well as the grilled mushrooms that we ordered as a side were tasty. I only regret that there is so much food I had a hard time eating more than a few bites of anything and tried so little from the side menu. 
 
=The Rigatoni Ala Vodka from the salad bar was spectacular. I love Vodka sauce and have had an 'eh' experience with a few higher end chain Italian place lately. My first bite was an entirely unexpected delight. I earnestly wished that I was just in an italian restaurant so I could devour a plate of the stuff, but sufficed with the token amount I'd procured to taste. 

= Service was amazing. I never lacked for food, water or attention. I also really loved the decor. Something about the large open space and pseudo-Greco Roman accents just vibed with me. Plus, in our little odd table, I felt like I had the whole place to myself and it was refreshing. 

=The dark Brazilian beer had a rich, full bodied taste. I was a little sceptical of a bottled beer, but I didn't regret choosing it over a glass of wine, as it had a great flavor that complimented the meats. 

=MMM! Passionfruit Mousse. It was the perfect end to the rich meal. Light, flavorful and it melted in my mouth. I was glad I had restrained myself from digging in so I could have a little space for a treat at the end.
Oh my God!!!! If you havent been here or any other brazilian steak house you BETTER go!.....and i mean now!!! 

Where to start.....the decor is perfect, the concept of you having unlimited access to all the gourmet & fine meats cooked to your specifications is exquisite. The fact that every waiter in the establishment comes over with a different cut of meat for you to take blows me away.

This is no buffet folks, this is not even a classy restaurant, this is truly an UPSCALE dining experience and you will be hard pressed to have food this tasty!!!!!!!!!!
Caipirinhas are exceptional!! Mushroom Risotto with roasted chicken is divine. The asparagus risotto was heavenly!  Service is exceptional beyond words- be sure to say Hi to Adam, the manager.  Via Brazil is a must stop in Vegas!! Don't miss the World Cup there on large screens. the menu will be from the country playing that day!! Take an hour and come in and enjoy!!
Bottomless Sunday Brunch done right!  This spot is among the best of the competitors around town.  It's my personal favorite anyhow.  Service is impeccable and the food is just as delicious as dinner.  

$25 gets you a choice of 6-8 rodizio meats including the picanha, the salad/soup bar, omelettes, waffles, and benedicts.  For $18 you can take advantage of their bottomless drinks that include bloody marys, champagne, mimosas, strawberry bellinis, and spritzers.  Relax, you can mix it up with your drink choices on the bottomless ticket.

***Deal Alert*** Download the LoyalBlocks app on your phone, which yields a $5 reusable discount for brunch.
Great Happy Hour.  The flank steak and chimichurri sauce were amazing and the cocktails were great, but dangerous - they went down way too easily.
Excellent food and endless meat oh wow!!! My fianc and I usually go to Texas de Brazil but we decided to try this place since they are a tad bit closer. I'm actually impressed! Place is delicious and the staff are extremely nice! Our drinks are never low and the food is amazing. I also enjoy the fact that their salad bar is gluten free! Amazing! We will definitely come back here again. No more Texas de Brazil for us! Were gonna come here only!
Absolutly amazing food and customer service!!! I highly recommend this place. Steak picana was perfect and the fried bananas were cooked to perfection. High quality food and service. A+
My new favorite place!! Only $38.99 for the rodizio dinner and that includes like 18 different meats and the salad/mini pasta bar and all the sides made to order, for like $10 more you get 5 more meats including the lamb...but the salmon was my fav! There wasn't one single thing I didn't like...even the fried bananas were amazing. The staff was friendly and my waiter James was amazing and on it! Will def return!
My company hosted a dinner here last night and we were totally impressed and grateful to Anna! We had to organize the dinner in a little over a week for about 150 people and Anna did a fantastic job helping us out! The food was delicious the restaurant was awesome the customer service was right on... everything went perfect... Thank you Anna for everything you did from setting up the tables to making sure everyone was eating what they wanted... I really appreciate you and your staff!
good service, good food, good atmosphere.... happy hour food and drinks are a great deal. I got the vbs filet mignon tournedo. Great meal, perfect combo with the heart of Palm sauce meat was a little over done but good. Calamari was awesome as well as the bacon wrapped shrimp... Karens a great waitress with awesome customer service. Accommodates each customer professionally. Any problems the owner takes care of it quickly and professionally... Will be coming back here soon. Great restaurant.
Very good food, great customer service.  Very rare we give big tips these days but this place deserves one so leaving a big tip and positive feedback!!!
Hubby and I were here tonight for a grand and glorious breaking of his diet. He had been before to the one in Houston, and had been looking forward to the new Scottsdale location. For being open only 3 nights, the service went quite smoothly and the staff and management we met were all great. We started out with drinks- a gin and tonic ($10) and a caipirinha ($8.25)- both were strong and very good. The wine list is extensive, for those who prefer the vino. Delicious little popovers arrived at the table, and we headed off to the salad bar. Far better and fresher than Fogo E Brasa's, it had a variety of cheeses (including chunks of parm and fresh mozzarella), smoked salmon, prosciutto, salami, sun dried tomatoes, olives, marinated bell peppers, asparagus spears, mushroom caps, and seafood and chicken salads, just to name about a third of the offerings.

Then came a veritable torrent of meat. The beef was the best, and came in a variety of cuts and preparations. We liked the Ancho (rib eye), the Picanha (the classic sirloin cut in the half moon shape), and the garlic beef best. The pork ribs were really well done and juicy, and the sausage was quite flavorful. The chicken was a tad dry, and the lamb was too gamey for our liking (and we usually like lamb). 

Side dishes were brought to our table, in appropriately modest portions. There were squares of polenta, which I really liked but Hubby did not care for, and mildly garlic mashed potatoes, and yummy fried plantains. 

Dessert choices were pretty typical: a creme brulee, a flan, 2 types of cheesecake, and 2 types of chocolate cake. Hubby wanted what he had enjoyed at the Houston Fogo before: the papaya cream topped with creme de cassis liqueur ($8.25). It was more runny than mousse-y, and the papaya taste was pretty subtle, with the liqueur being the top note.

There is a rather unnecessary valet parking service for $3, when the parking lot surrounding the place is huge. Not so huge, however,  that the many douche-bags who double parked went unnoticed. The bathrooms are nice. The dinner, which is all you care to eat, is $42.50 per person. I'm sure we'll be back for special occasions.
We have to throw out kkdkat F's review. What the hell is it with people reviewing a business that isn't open yet?

My experience was fortunately when they were open. I went Saturday night, their third day open, and it was a glorious night. I missed the 6:30 reservation but still only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. They were very accommodating with my friends 2 year old and did not charge us for her to sit at the table and eat scraps of his food. If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse (as I hadn't) it is a ridiculous idea. You flip the card to green when you want food, and red when you don't want food. Problem is that the food guys come so much that a mere 45 seconds of "green" will have your plate full of more meat than you could possibly consume. To offset this meat bonanza, they do offer a salad bar. 

The place kind of reminds me of a Golden Corral, but upscale, where you don't have to get it yourself. The clientele is old, overweight, and un-sophisticated as you would expect at an all you can eat restaurant. The price ($42.50) is high enough only to discourage the dredges of society. I saw quite a few younger people out on dates, probably not ones that would have the palate to appreciate even restaurants at half this cost. 

The salad bar alone ($19) was more than well enough equipped. Featuring 8-10 different salads, raw vegetables, and a few cold cuts. Each meal includes three sides that are shared family style, a fried banana, mashed potatoes, and polenta which are all replaced the moment you finish one. The trick if you do not want another, is to leave a bite of it on the platter. They wont replace it if it isn't finished. They also bring the most delicious bread imaginable that has a warm, gooey, cheesy center. The two year old ate 6 of them.

Meat service includes 15 different types of meat here, of which I tried about 8 and they were all on the decent to good range. The only exception to it being the lamb chop which we both agreed was the loser of the bunch, with the favorite being either the bacon wrapped filet, garlic beef, or the parmesan encrusted pork chop. All items are served in small portions, enabling you to try several different ones. I don't think I had two of anything. It is definitely a huge meal and my recommendation is to eat nothing all day, and then be very concerned what your cardiologist might say afterward. 

The restaurant is probably going to last through this depression at least, as they serve in high volume and turn a lot of tables. It isn't uppity enough to turn away the low end clientele, and it isn't crappy enough to turn away the affluent folks. The service is spectacular. I don't think I asked for one thing all night, and the food is good. My only gripe is the meats were all very well cooked, which is obviously a testament to most peoples tastes and not wanting to actually taste the meats. It would have been nice to have a "rare" option, but the did decline the request.
We've missed Fogo since we left Houston in 2003.  Back then the price was around $50 and now it is $42.50 - yaaay deflation!  The food and service were outstanding.  Our experience was different from John V's in that the meats were cooked at a variety of doneness and when my wife wanted something cooked a little more (does that make her unsophisticated? - yeah right) they were more than accommodating.   It's a meatstravaganza!!

Also, webmaster - Kerstin M. Deserves the first to Review.
Finally...an original steakhouse,..Considering they have been multiplying like gremlins in the past 12 months.
The place was packed...I wonder why ? It was a weekday.
The food was awesome. No confusion as there is no menu. You just eat what they give you.  

In other words it is a prix fixe: $ 42.50 for the dinner and that excludes beverages and desserts. However, the price includes sides (i.e: grilled bananas, mashed poatoes, cheese bread, and grilled polenta) and unlimited servings of their scrumptious grilled meats - there are fifteen to choose from). The dining room is beautiful as is the waitstaff - Many of them are from Brazil which adds to the authenticity of the experience.

The service was im-pec-cable!!!. Everyone was extremely accommodating and acted like they had ownership in the restaurant. They were all extremely polite and well versed in service delivery.

Considering that one steakhouse after another (at least 8), has opened in the valley in the past 12 months, this Brazilian steakhouse concept is the most original.

The salad bar is phenomenal and very varied, so even vegetarians will not get depressed at the sight of the meat skewers visiting their tables. 

I have no doubt in my mind that they will be successful. My first impression was extremely positive and I hardly cannot wait to go back.
Fogo De Chao was the first churrascaria I had eaten at many years ago back in Dallas. The first time you experience one, you'll understand why the eateries are near and dear to many people's hearts. At these Brazilian steakhouses, gauchos encircle your table to offer you various delectable cuts of beef, lamb, chicken and pork. The format is no-menu, single fee, all-you-can-eat extravaganza.

The price at this Fogo in particular as of this writing here in Phoenix is $42.50 per person, which is a bargain considering the amount and quality of food offered. Once you're seated, you're offered drinks and then you're free to immediately indulge in one of the most high-class 'salad bar' experience you'll ever have. Really, calling it that doesn't do it any justice.

After you've had your fill of vegetation and the like, you may begin the onslaught of meat. There is a small card that is next to you that you flip to 'green' to attract the gauchos and 'red' when you'd like to take a break. Come to Fogo expecting to practice gluttony. You will savor mouth-watering cuts of meat including fillet, top and bottom sirloin, lamb chops, leg of lamb, bacon wrapped fillet and bacon-wrapped chicken, pork sausage and ribs and others. They're all exceptional though you may like some things more than others.

There are a few words of warning. You will consume a lot of food. The meats are highly salted to bring out the most of their flavor and the beef is cooked to the rare side. In short, this is not a health food experience. This is for the meat lover in a meat-eating mood.

You can feel free to intersperse the vegetables at the salad bar while eating the meat. As well, a few sides are provided: garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried bananas. Fogo has many fine deserts though I tend to stick with the recommended Papaya Cream, which is a lighter fare after consuming pounds of meat.

As for the rest of Fogo, the setting is noisy but gorgeous. There's always a festive atmosphere about the place. With all the hustle and bustle occasionally, you might be overwhelmed and you might be forgotten about for a few minutes... unless your card is 'green'!

Overall, Fogo offers good value for money, an excellent setting and an unbeatable churrascaria experience. Probably my favorite restaurant of all time.
Havent been to a Brazilian-style steakhouse since in Puerto Vallarte this past summer. While the meat was better in PV the salad bar at Fogo is a low carbin' dream! We're talking fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, Parmigiano-Reggiano (a whole wheel), manchego cheese, prosciutto.. delicious and satisfying all this and more for only 19.50! Now if you want to have endless rounds with the Gaucho's you'll have to pony up $42.50 (including unlimited salad bar), a real bargain if you ask me, great quality. The meat just keeps coming and coming.. highlights were the leg of lamb, garlic beef and the sausage. They also bring a basket of bread (they forgot ours) as well as fried bananas, mashed potatoes and fried polenta.. be sure to skip that stuff and stick to the meats and salad bar. 

Oh, avoid the pork ribs.. while the Mr liked his, mine tasted like they were in someones ass for a while.. pretty nast though I think was the bones. 

Now if the only the Gaucho's were shirtless or wearing ass less chaps.. well one would hope.
Lets start off good and work downward shall we..............
I loved the salad bar THE BEST APPLE AND CHICKEN SALAD I ever had.  Mozzarella Boccochinis, the best asparagus  I have had ever. Not crazy about the Prosciutto (no taste, very blah) but the smoked salmon superbly sliced and Fabulous. Let me not forget what ever was on the table in the pop over bread thing. OMG that was a highlight for me. Now I like to see my wait staff work hard as I tip off that idea. These Guys were on their game, quickly as if they were riding a horse. they came to the table with swords of meat and sliced accordingly to my desired cook level. After sampling every meat  (or most of them) I dawned on me that somehow they all tasted alike.   The saturation on herbs and the distinct flavor of lemon smothered each meat.   Now I like lemon of lamb and pork but not everything.  I did PIG out and I was sorry that I could not afford the 14.50 for a glass of wine nor the 8.50 for a cup of coffee.  I love meat and meat loves me, but I just can't be that glutenous.  
Sorry I could not be more support of.
talk about full... this place allows you to eat many different styles of Brazilian meats made to order.  I was a fan of most, although it seemed as though there was a little too much salt on all of the meats.  It was a wide array of choices.  My least favorite was the pork ribs which were very dry.  It would not be a suggestion of mine as a place to go on a date, it is $45 per person to eat and I feel to get the full value you have to eat a lot!!  Overall it was a good filling experience, the staff was there all the time and I was never in need of anything, very on top of water refills and fresh plates.
This is by far the best restaurant in Scottsdale especially for the one cut price of $42.50. After the hostess seats you the waiter/waitress will come by and explain how the system works. First, you can go to the huge salad bar and pick from the many vegetables and they even had my favorite peppers, Peppadews. After you are finished eating your salad, you can flip the card they give you to green which means that you want meat. Someone might ask if would like a fresh plate and then a gaucho (the person that has the meat on a skewer) will come by your table and tell what kind of meat is on the skewer and ask you if you would like some. I recommend the fillet mignon wrapped in bacon or the top sirloin. Excellent customer service and the best I have in a Scottsdale restaurant in a long time. Throughout the meal fried banana, fried polenta, and mashed potatoes are replenished. You must be careful when picking wines or liquor because the price can add up and its where they make the big bucks. After you are finished with your meal a liquor cart comes around and the person will ask you if you would like something. They have port to expensive wines to cognac. For dessert I would recommend the papaya creme if your not an avid chocolate fan. It is not too sweet and taste a little like frozen yogurt. However, if you are a choclatier, then I would go for the chocolate molten cake. If you want to go it is best to make a reservation because it's a very popular place.
I have been to a Brazilian steakhouse before and this one was just as good as the one I went to in DC. The service was outstanding. The food was unbelievable. All the meats were good but my favorite was the filet mignon. It just melted in your mouth! I am drooling just thinking about it. We ordered a bottle of red that was so good. It went perfectly with all of the meat we were eating. How we had room for dessert is beyond me but the hot molten cake and the tres leches, wow!  The cheese knots were addictive and my waiter even snuck me a little box full of them at the end of the night. I will definitely be going back again.
Wonderful salad bar, mixed feelings on the meats, some wonderful, some dry and a little overdone, but overall a very fine meal. Service is impeccable. Nice wine list if not a little pricey.
This may not be fine dining but it sure is good food.  I was the first one to make fun of  people who went to this place in DC until some friends took me to the one here in Scottsdale. I am also a boo hooer of salad bars but this one was different, it had beautiful parmesan cheese, the real deal, nice charcuterie and roasted asparagas.

The meats were succulent and delicious, i love the lamb chops, the filet mignon and the signature sirloin.  The stand out was the service at this Fogo de Chao, the meat carvers were on top of their game and it turns out they are  all from Brazil and work here in the states for one year.  One
of them told us that he was going to Open the Denver Restaurant and then was off to Baltimore for 2 months.  It turns out that the owners rent places for them and the share quarters around the country.  management at all other restaurants are Brazilian except the Scottsdale one.  The wait staff is composed of local college age people who have been indoctrinated into the Brazilian style of european service.  it is a delightful experience!
I don't think anyone could eat here as a regular diet but a few times a year won't kill you.  I for one can't wait to go back!
This was simply an amazing dining experience. My boyfriend and I have eaten in several Brazilian  steakhouses, including one excellent but more casual one in Guadalajara, and this one in Scottsdale shames the others. SHAMES THEM!  The service was spot on, the meats more flavorful than other Brazilian places we've been. Amazing wine list. And am I crazy or were all or most of the wait staff actually Brazilian??! The boyfriend has known several Brazilians and spotted the accent. How much more authentic can you get?

I adore the salad bar at these places, but holy moly i wasn't prepared for the cheese bread. When you read the words "cheese bread" you're mind might go immediately to Red Lobster type places. Or at least mine does. Yak. But these are little pillowy soft bread rolls with a cheesy consistency. Not heavy at all. How do they get the flour and cheese to play nice like that??

I have to disagree with people's comments about waiting longer for well-done cuts. I dont eat anything that isn't brown brown done. And they happily offered up the perfect cuts. 
how can you no to bacon wrapped sirloin. Dear god!
This place has everything you expect to get when you go out to eat~ Great Food, Great Atmosphere, and Exceptional Service. In today's economy I insist that if I am going to spend good money I should be rewarded in return. The meats are so delicious...you can choose to taste them all but I love the picanha and I ask the waiter to just keep bringing this wonderful cut. It literally melts in your mouth. While most people prefer well done you would be doing a disservice to yourself  to eat picanaha well done. All Brazilians eat  picanha  either  rare or medium rare. I prefer medium rare..It's the best meat I've ever tasted.

The staff is so attentive and courteous-they really stand out. I love to tip them generously because they really deserve it. Not like most places I've been to. The salad bar is delicious. I would love it if they'd incorporate sushi like most other brazilian steakhouses in NYC but I won't hold it against them.

Be sure to go hungry. The atmosphere is not too uppity and not too casual just a really pretty elegant experience. I have been here with the girls, with the family. It's great for all occassions.

You won't be disappointed with the food or service. Love this place!
Fogo de Chao is a great place to go if your hungry! I call it the "meat parade" because they are constantly serving you meats of your choice. This location has a friendly staff and is well worth the visit. The salad bar is great too.
This place is fantastic. The service here is the best I've had in a long time. They really treat you like an honored guest. The food is also amazing! It certainly is a carnivores delight. While EVERYTHING was delicious, the stand outs for me were the bacon wrapped Filet Mignon and the their juicy garlicky signature sirloin. Just so you don't O.D. on meat they do also have a wonderful salad bar which has various peppers, cheeses, and cured meats in addition to the good selection vegetables.
I finally got to try this place out.  After years of knowing about it and not doing anything about that I got my day.

Meat!  Lots and lots of delicious meat!  

The salad bar was great, but I knew that I didn't come here for that.  I tried my best to be brief at the bar, but I couldn't resist.  Wonderful selection of veggies and cheeses.  Smoked salmon as well.  The hearts of palm were crunchy, the artichoke hearts were wonderful.  I was in love, but I was ready for meat.

First they clear your plate and throw down some side dishes.  Truthfully none of the sides looked tempting.  It was a small portion, but I bet if we wanted more, we'd get it.  

The second you flip that button to allow meat, they come running over.  Skewers upon skewers of meat.  All of them were wonderful but some were better than others.  Stay away from the bacon wrapped filet and Parmesan crusted pork.  Both were not that good.  I also noticed that I prefer the meat when it's straight out of the flame.  If it sits around more than 15 minutes, it's not as good.

What I really liked about the place was the service.  Top notch.  They let us know right away that they work as a team.  So if we didn't see the server that first waited on us, we could ask anyone.  That was true.  There were about 6 people helping us at all times.

What I didn't like about the place was I felt a little rushed.  The rest of my party was done eating and I was still trucking.  Not only did they clear the table while I was still eating, the waiter even presented the desserts.  Dessert was the last thing on my mind while they were still bringing me meat.  

However the dessert (if you can make it) were spectacular.  We had the creme brule and the molten chocolate cake.  Both were fabulous.

Overall, I'd come back here again and again and again.  It was wonderful
I went here recently with a medium sized group for a bachelor party dinner.  We arrived right at 6 pm for our reservations and were seated immediately.  We were given the rundown on how everything works, and then were unleashed.  

My first stop was the salad.  I came in with a plan, go easy on the salad part to leave room for the good stuff (meat) and get some salad fixin's to at least make it seem like it is a somewhat balanced meal.  Overall, I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the salad bar.  The only things that I were really impressed with was the fresh cheeses (fresh mozzarella balls especially).  I guess the pesto salad dressing was nice but most of it was just average for me.  

Finished the salad plate, and flipped the red/green card to go.  (Note:  I'm not sure how efficient this system was, there were times when I was green and the gaucho's passed me by, and times where I was red when they asked how I liked my cut).   All of the sudden it was a whirlwind of skewer toting gaucho's, asking if you'd like some of their meat (hmm...that sounds more like a description for a bachelorette party?).  I tried countless different cuts of meats, top sirloin, filet, chicken leg, lamb, etc.  My least favorites were the lamb (did not like the flavor, I usually really like lamb) and garlic meat (can't remember the cut offhand) which was a little overpowering with the garlic (and I like garlic).  The best were the filet mignon and the rib eye.  The other meats I had were also very good.  We were also served some cheesy bread rolls and a trio of sides, garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried plaintains.  I did not try the plantains, but the garlic mashed were uninspired at best (and opposite of the meat had little to no garlic flavor) but the polenta was fantastic.  I had at least three of those suckers.  

Service was mostly good.  One problem with the meat service is that you get hit with 5-7 different meats in rapid succession, then you don't see another server for a bit.  Kind of feast of famine...  Also, we had one person order an after dinner coffee that wasn't deliver and an error on the check.  I additionally thought that the layout of the restaurant wasn't great, when it was crowded when we left it was pretty hard making it through all the tables when they were full and you had tons of employees running around.

I liked it.  I would definitely go back to a brazilian style steakhouse again, though if I went to Fogo, I might go for lunch (starting Oct 1) and save about $20 bucks.
We were looking for a place to eat meat. Lots and lots of fantastic tasting meat. We found it. Ol' Wichita knows his meat when he sees it and this place is it. First off we started over to the salad bar, which I thought was going to be a diversion so I wouldn't eat so much meat. Everything was so fresh and tasty that I just didn't care. I did not go nuts over the salad bar but did help myself, as meat was what I was really after. Then you turn over the card so it is showing green. I guess it's a metaphor for the money you're about to spend. Anyway, that didn't matter. We were besieged by matadors carrying long scewers of meat. They cut off pieces to order and boy was it good. There must have been a dozen different people racing from table to table hacking and slicing their way through tons of the finest crafted meats I have ever tasted...beef, pork, lamb, and chicken. I liked the bottom sirloin, filet mignon (wrapped in bacon), house special (sirloin), and pork ribs. It was all really good, but when I say I enjoyed the above, it was just that those things were so beyond my expectations that I just had to mention them. 

These guys all went out of their way to make our dinner a dining extravaganzal? experience. It was at once delicious and entertaining. We-will-be-back!!!! Speaking of being back, check out ol' Wichita's webpage to hear some good old industrial strength classic country music. Wichitacountry dot com. I do it all alive and in real time with no help from anybody else. Thanks.
Pricey but good. It's like the meat-scapades. All the food is good, but I definitely prefer the filet mignon... some of the chicken and pork gets a bit dry. Fantastic salad bar. Wear stretchy pants. Dress stretchy pants.
I have eaten at the Fogo de Chao restaurants in Houston, TX and Scottsdale, AZ multiple times. Both were amazing. The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. It is well worth the $40 price even if you do not plan to stuff yourself since it is all you-can-eat. You are paying for the quality, not quantity. There is such a variety of different cuts of steak, as well as pork and chicken. All have their own unique flavor and all are extremely tasty. If you are not a huge meat eater, you can get just the salad bar for half the price. That is also worth the trip in my opinion since it contains many unusual options such as hearts of palm, fresh mozzarella balls, and sun dried tomatoes that are not found in your average salad bar. The side dishes served at the table are also very, very good if you like Latin food. Black beans, crisped polenta cakes, and steamed plantains. What more do you want?
Ok, so I am a big fan of this place because of the overall experience.  I am not a huge meat eater, and after eating here, I probably won't be able to eat a steak for a month or two.  Simply because I am not used to eating this much meat.

Let me start with the salad bar- I would go there just for this!  Too many things to list, but,l trust me, you could fill up on it alone.  Many items  are non-standard to salad bars.  

Ok, so then they brought out the side dishes.  I am a carb-a-holic and I could have died and gone to heaven right them.  Fried polenta squares, Sauteed bananas, cheese bread, mashed potatoes, etc.   Liked everything but the mashed potatoes. Then the meat started coming.  And kept coming. 


 I turned over my coaster to red pretty quickly, but my fellow diners were braver than I.  They kept eating and eating.  The meat all tasted good, but it all started to blend in my mind.  The only true standout for me was the lamb which was really, really yummy.  My mom, who is a genuine carnivore, asked if she could have a beef rib, not the meat on it which is what they usually carve, but the actual rib.  They gave it to her and she is still going on about how good it was.

I can't believe it, but my table ordered dessert.  I am ashamed to say I cannot remember what it was!  But it was really good, even though I only had one bite.
The other reviews cover it pretty well. There is a ton of damn meat. I mean, a lot of meat. And after a while I was just overwhelmed and I realized I couldn't even tell you what I ate two meat servings ago. But it was all freaking awesome. Tender, juicy, and meaty. 

The salad bar, like previously mentioned, rocks. You could easily skip the meat and just eat the salad bar. It's not like a huge buffet of options, but the items on the salad bar are freaking awesome. 

Service is well...freaking awesome. Turn that green card over and someone is serving you some meat. Take a scoop of mashed potatoes and someone is serving you another side of them. Water glass 1/8 empty? Someone's refilling it. Earlier in the day we had been to Ikea and I had some how got a craving for a Shirley Temple with extra cherries. They brought me one with like 8 cherries in it. Never even looked at me like I was a freak. 

We finished the meal off with the papaya cream. Perfect end, and even though they say the papaya aids in the digestion of meat I don't believe it. I went to bed full, I woke up full. It's a splurge for us price-wise, but it was well worth it. Wear maternity pants, even if you aren't pregnant, because that elastic waist is heaven.
Tending not to like overly meaty flavor, I often try to avoid Brazilian restaurants. For some reason, I end up at one roughly once a year. 

I have to say, this one was better than the others I've been to. the meat, in many instances, was far more tender than I am used to having. The linguica was much less greasy than I've had elsewhere as well. They also knew how to cook a chicken breast and didn't dry it out like all the rest. They also take requests if you want something you haven't seen come by recently.  Their salad bar was also quite good. 

They also make a very good caipirinha. If you happen to go and want to try it, just mention it as the Brazilian drink with the name you can't pronounce. They'll know. 

The service was also ridiculously efficient and nice. The only drawback is we kept sending the fried banana away and noticing this, someone else would bring over more banana. The mashed potato side was a nice idea, but the mash was really runny. 

The only real drawback is the price is really steep. At least it won't feel like a waste, however.
Come with an appetite!

I went for a work event which was real nice. We had the private dining room and the whole 9 yards.

All I can say is if you're not a fan of red meat or have a cholesterol problem don't bother. The ambiance is not as format as I assumed it to be due to the location and hype. Although, the meat and presentation is great. Anything you want sent right to your table and cooked however you would like. Just don't leave your card on the green for too long otherwise you will have more meat than you can handle.

On the other hand, the specialty drinks are good. I don't recall the name of it but they served a traditional Brazilian drink that was wonderful. Not as strong for my liking but good. The salad bar was great too. Everything was fresh and there sure was a lot to choose from. Probably the best I have seen in a while.
I find it hard to believe that the Simpson's have not parodied the Brazilian Steakhouse, yet.  Seems like it would be Homer's fantasy come true.  

Came here with a couple of friends who were taking me to lunch for my birthday.  This was my first time eating here, and I always read in the reviews of other places that this is the place that all of the other Brazilian steakhouses in Phoenix are compared to.  This place is top dog for a reason.

The restaurant itself is very nice with white linen, rich wood paneling, and a spacious dining room.  

What can you say?  If you are a vegetarian, the salad bar is really incredible.  Figuring we would cushion the blow, we started at the salad bar.  I ended up making a plate for myself resembling an antipasto platter.  It was excellent.  There were cheeses, and prosciutto, marinated asparagus an inch think, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and things I did not identify, but were tasty anyway.

Once we were done dabbling in the vegetables, cheeses, and prosciutto of the salad bar it was time to get down to business; it was time for meat.  

Each person has a coaster-like card that is red on one side and green on the other.  We flipped our coasters to green, and immediately we were overwhelmed by an onslaught of meat.  

Like Homer would do, I just indiscriminately tried everything.  Don't ask me what I had, because I was too busy talking to my friends, drinking caipirinhas, and eating meat.  There was also polenta, fried banana, black beans, and bread.  Everything was tasty and delicious.  I ate way too much.

I glanced at the dessert menu, but was just too full to even seriously consider it. 

The service is outstanding.  The wait staff was falling all over us serving meat, filling drinks, and bringing more bread, bananas, and polenta.  We never were without anything.

If you are interested in a Brazilian steakhouse in the Phoenix area, this is the place to go.
I really enjoyed this place and places like it.

I wont go over the concept as its covered in so many other reviews. I'll do a quick Pro/Con then clue you in on some things you can ask for that you won't get unless you know to ask.

Pro:
Great place to celebrate. Its has a very nice atmosphere about it. I've been several times and its not the type of place someone is going to go and cause a ruckus.

You will not leave hungry!

The service is incredible! You feel 100% pampered at this place. You drink is always full. You will constantly have a new plate. They also constantly swap out your tables side dishes for fresh hot ones.

Con:
They have very limited side dishes compared to their local competitor. This can be a good and bad thing. I guess really it should be about the meat but its also nice to have some variety and something to cut the fat of the endless meat your eating. This is really why they are getting a 4 verses a 4.5 or a 5 from me.

The cheese bread they serve is a bit dry. Their competitors is much better. Then again I think its hit or miss because I do recall liking it on a previous trip.

Things To Know:
You *WANT* to try the beef rib. They do not come around with this you have to ask for it. It is very fatty but cooked so well and so long that instead of being really heavy it just melts. You will want more ;)

They have sauces that you also have to ask for:
chimichurri
mint sauce
creamed horseradish(not very hot)
Really the meat is so good you wont need it. But if you find things getting overly heavy before your full these will help.

They also have I believe two other side dishes they will not bring unless requested.

Things I Love:
Costela (Beef Ribs)

Beef Ancho (Rib Eye)

Frango (Chicken) The legs are the best.. the bacon wrapped is also good but just way to heavy/rich.

Linguica (Sausage) With this be careful it is VERY fatty. Its the type of food that you *FEEL* the minute you eat it.

Fried Bananas (one of the standard sides)

Flan: I have no idea what they do to this. It was the creamiest I have ever tasted and by far the best. Its almost like it was whipped with a soft cheese but thats not the case. You wont regret trying some.. well at least not until you see the scale.
This is by far the best churasscaria I have ever tried. Brazilian bbq at its best! Everything is perfectly seasoned, but my personal favorite is the top sirloin. 

The sides that come with the meal are great too.. there is cheese bread, fried plantains, and these two other things..... very delicious.

The salad bar has plenty to choose from, try a little bit of everything. Great selection. The service is ok/good, but occasionally we had to flag our waiter down. Reservations are highly recommended because this place gets packed. 

The night my boyfriend and I went, we saw two players from the Golden State Warriors, and we saw Muhammed Ali. Apparently famous people come in all the time.
Not only is this a magical meat adventure, now you can partake for a weekday lunch . . . incredible!! I have been several times now and the food is always delicious and the service is always fabulous! I always look for a reason to make the drive to Fogo!
We went to Fogo De Chao after hearing so many good things about it. I will tell you our good and bad. The good...
1.) Excellent Service
2.) My 5 year old was free and 10 year old was half off
3.) Ok food

the Bad..
1.) Our server who we became friendly with must have gotten off somewhere around midpoint of our dinner and vanished forever. i understand they work as a team but it was strange.

2.) The salad bar was ok but other than the mozerella balls and chicken salad nothing to sing about.

3.) The meat all tasted the same. The gouchos are a little boderline rude even to a 5 year old who is clearly confused why there is 8 men stickings swords of meat in his face. Calm down a little please.

4.) At almost $50 a person before drinks and dessert Ruth Chris is a MUCH BETTER OTION!

5.) Even with the kids being pretty much free it was still $300 for 3 adults. We all had one soda and shared three desserts between the table.  We left there kind of puzzled like well we might go back for lunch maybe but I don't know.
6.) I wanted to buy  a mozerella ball to take home to my nanny. I was willing to pay $15 or $20 for on little ball and they wouldn't sell it to me. Now come on people we just spent $300 on dinner throw me a bone. 
Overall Not the experience we were hoping for but not the worst place I have ever eaten.
I've had two experiences at Fogo.  One with a very large party and one with a party of four.  Both the service and food were consistent.  For anyone new to Fogo, it's a fixed price (about $45) for salad bar and all you can eat meat (beef, pork, chicken, lamb).  Start with salad bar (save room) and flip your little card to green when you're ready for meat.  A parade of servers will offer their wares, say yeah or neah and wait for the next.  Flip card to red when you don't need service.

Salad bar is fantastic.  I can't resist the smoked salmon, mozzarella balls, and apple salad.  In fact, on my second trip, I loaded up so much from the salad bar, I skipped the meat entirely.  I'm also particularly fond of the polenta and bread (which is more like a popover).  Based on my first experience, some of the meat offerings are better than others.  But since you can have as much or as little of anything as you would like, try everything.  I can also recommend the papaya cream for dessert.  Don't worry you won't have room.  It's light enough that you can make room.

As far as service, it is excellent.  As soon as you flip that card to green, servers are there.  The only complaint on both visits is that they do ask if they can bring you a particular cut of meat, and then they don't follow through anyway.  It's not like you'll go hungry, but it can be a little annoying.
On Valentine's Day went to Fogo De Chao for the first time. This was also my first Brazilian steakhouse experience. I am going back next month for more! It was very busy the night we went but we had reservations which I would suggest. We had great service from the team styled staff. The salad bar was good but I filled up on all the meat! I also loved the sides of mashed potatoes, fried bananas. My favorite meats were the Lombo (pork loin encrusted in parmesan) and the filet mignon.
Back again for a business dinner last night. As usual the service was great.. the food was great..

I was able to try some of the request only side dishes this time.

farofa:
A type of seasoned toasted flour. I believe their version was yucca flour. Think of this as seasoned bread crumbs. It was good on the various side dishes and some of the salad bar offerings.

Rice:
Almost a pilaf style rice with very heavy chicken stock/butter flavor.

Black Beans:
Delicious! Very creamy and filled with some type of smoked pork. Probably ham hocks. Wish I had some more right now.

Grilled Onions/Jalapenos:
Can't remember what this was called. I had no idea this one existed but our server asked if I wanted to try it after requesting the other off menu side dishes.

11 of us had a whopping bill of $860 YOUCH! Glad I wasn't picking up that tab.

On a side note I was people watching while taking a meat break and who did I notice two tables down? The valleys very own Aaron May. This is where I was self labeled as a true foodie. I was very excited about this and everyone else at the table was just blankly staring at me.
I've been to Fogo many times in Phoenix and most of the time our experience has been really great. The food is amazing and the service is also nice. Don't forget to try the desert wine cart where you can get one of the best deals on sauternes in the Valley.  My only complaint comes from our experience on Valentine's Day where we did indeed have reservations and they were running more than 2 hours behind. Overall, i'd say a great bet for a meal in Phoenix - and certainly your best bet for any annoying friends that are still playing the Atkins diet card.
My first impression of this place was good, you open that huge door and walk into the place and it just feels like quality. It's high end and well styled. I had a few drinks in the bar with colleagues. The bar was small but nice. Service was very good. We then went back to a private room with two huge wooden sliding doors. This room was rectangular and very classy. We were given the low down on how the place works. Go and hit the salad bar first, be conservative and then come back to your table for an all out meat on a sword fest. 
The salad bar was good. Everything was super fresh and high quality. So was the unlimited meat. It was all tasty. Salty from the seasonings and cooking preparation, but delicious. The house special sirloin is not to be missed, along with the filet and the leg of lamb. The sausages are forgettable, the bacon wrapped filet is so so. 90% of what I ate was delicious and I could have as much of it as I wanted. The other 10% was fair and I could stop after one bite and move on without feeling like I made a mistake.
This sort of place (churrascarias) actually used to be one of my favorite kinds of restaurants to enjoy. That is until I became a vegetarian about a year and a half ago... Now, as you might imagine, I don't tend to go as often. But when family comes to town to visit, I let them pick the food destinations...

So now you're probably wondering what a vegetarian could possibly eat in the midst of this parade of meat. Well, the nice thing about Fogo de Chao for me is their killer salad bar, sides and desserts... Starting a wide array of veggies at the salad bar from the hearty asparagus spears and artichoke heart cups to the selection of cheeses and crafted salads and adding on to that the fried polenta sprinkled with Parmesan, cheesy mashed potatoes and fried banana sides, I definitely wasn't going to go home hungry at the end of the night.

But the food didn't stop there for us just yet... We ended up choosing the Signature Papaya Cream and Flan desserts for the three of us to share. First, the flan...  It was very good. Rich and unusually denser that the typical flan, it had a very flavorful caramel taste. Although, if you've just stuffed yourself on a bunch of meat (or in my case veggies), it may be a bit much. The real dessert star was the Papaya Cream though. Light,  yet extremely flavorful with the added bonus of the natural digestif qualities of papaya, it was the perfect sweet ending to our meal.
My boyfriend has been wanting to go to Fogo de Chao forever. I told him that I'd be willing to have a carniverous frenzy on Saturday and he was thrilled. I've been to a Brazilian Steakhouse once before in NYC... at that time in my life I didn't really like meat... that experience turned me around. I knew generally the rules to follow: don't eat TOO much at the salad bar, order a caprihina, and sample a wide variety of meats. 

1. The salad bar was awesome! Pretty much everything I got I liked. I filled one plate full (enough for a normal dinner for me) and resisted going back.  

2. We ordered caprihina's - the best I've ever had! I was hesitant because I've never really liked them much before, but ordered it for the full "experience". It was strong but very good! We also had a glass of Malbec, excellent glass of wine. 

3. I'm a picky, picky meat eater, so I didn't like everything I was served, but that's to be expected from me. My favorites were the house cut, the filet, and the top sirloin. YUM!

4. The service was phenomenal... I'm not quite sure how they managed to stay so on top of everything, but they do a great job. Sometimes it was almost a bit much, like when my boyfriend took a spoonful of mashed potatoes from the dish and they whooshed in to replace it. There was still half a dish left! I don't like to be wasteful with my food. 

I think the best part of Fogo de Chao is the first visit. It's so fun to sample everything. I'll definitely go back, though it might be awhile since it's such an indulgence.
This is meat nirvana, and the best Brazilian-style steakhouse I have visited.

I started with a Brazilian beer in the bar, then met up with several friends for dinner here on Saturday night. 

We all had a great time trying the 15 different cuts of meat, the unusual salad bar, and the sides of potatoes and plantains (which are all included for under $50). My personal favourites were the filet, ribeye, and the "house beef".
Ok, what to say that everyone else hasn't already said...

Found this place by accident.  I've been to many, many Brazilian steak houses and they all have one thing in common -- they are slow.  Every few minutes someone comes by with something new, which is cool, but you get full pretty quickly and then you're done.  

Not here.  Here you get an avalanche of perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned meat.  Honestly, the salad bar is epic, but why waste the stomach space?  Go for the meat.  You will not be sorry.  I'm going there again tomorrow night for my anniversary and I can't wait.  Neither can she :)
A carnivores wettest dream!!!
My first experience with Fogo de Chao was several years ago at the location in Chicago but I was thrilled when one opened in Scottsdale (much closer to where I live).

If you love meat, this is the place for you.  I enjoy almost every cut of meat  and a few times I've ventured around the salad bar (it's beautiful, but as we know it's about the mean).   I've also sampled the various starches on the table (bananas, polenta) and I love them, but again it's really about the delicious cuts of meat coming around every time your card is on green.

If you go, go hungry and clear the rest of your schedule.  Even if you don't stay too long, you'll be in a lovely meat-induced sleepy state for the rest of the evening.

It is a bit on the expensive side, but when you think about what you get, both quality, quantity and selection it's really worth it.
At Fogo de Chao you will get excellent meat, excellent salad options, and even some tasty side dishes if you so desire.  The wait service is prompt and excellent.  It is not every day that one needs to fill up on several pounds of succulent meat, but when you do, Fogo de Chao is the place to go.
yes, carnivores galore. sometimes compromising the lives of tasty animals is necessary.

here i consumed and exceeded my recommended caloric intake, and felt robust thanks be to incredible meat feast. fried, crispy polenta paired well with the succulent meats carved to your liking-- how do you like yours? in my case, medium rare please, or perhaps something that is still pumping blood onto the plate, delightful! fat marbling where it should be, juices trickling out of meat fibers, and the most enjoyable sensation of meat disintegrating in your mouth. YEAH, pretty great. everything receives a thumbs up, with the minor exception of birthday cake surprise dessert, which was...forgettable. 

anyway...
iron deficiency? no more! i was quite the satiated and proud meat-eater, despite that afterwards the animals took the rest of the week to become completely digested and absorbed.
Took my hubby this weekend for his B-day...he LOVED it! Def have great service and TONS of food so come hungry! We had a light breakfast and didn't eat for the rest of the day in preperation. I like that even though they bring it around for everyone I was still able to get my steak Medium, rare. THe filet and the p-something (half moon shaped) are by far the best. The salad bar was very interesting with everything from fresh mozzerealla to asparagus. My husband could barely breath due to overeating but def worth while for a special occasion and like I said the servce was amazing
For meat lovers only!
Went with my wife.

So I couldn't be all that I could be.  But this was a great place, I can't wait to go back.
As primarily a pescatarian this was an adventure way off the normal path. I was intrigued with the concept of the Brazilian steakhouse and the 'gaucho' way of creating a meal, so off we went. Looking to take it the full experience of what it was about and leaving the consequences of creating a massive slug of meat in my system for later.

The dining experience does not offer a menu of choices, instead what you have is a fixed dining experience. First is the salad buffet which is really quite fabulous. Everything I had was very fresh and quite tasty. Hearts of palm, artichoke bottoms, massive asparagus that is surprisingly crisp yet completely free of stringiness, and much more. It may have only been the starter yet it could have easily been the meal in itself -- not because of it being a bottomless buffet but rather because I found the quality and range of taste that good.

When you finish your salad a waiter quickly comes by to swap out your dirty plate for a clean one and then it is up to you to turn your service chip from red to green. Upon doing so what could be described as a swarm of waiters with various cuts of meat start stopping at your table to allow you to select different wellness pieces of their offerings. Everything is carried about on swords where either the pieces of meat are deskewered (in the case of something like the sausages or pork chops) or sliced into your personal tongs.

The problem I have here is separating all of the styles that came so fast to understand what I liked the best. There were a few that did indeed stand out but if you are coming for a visit there is no reason not to try all that is offered to find your on personal favorites. And there is also not a problem turning something away if you want to skip it (like I did with the chicken offerings that came around) or requesting something that did not seem to be making it to your table on its own (like what happened to us with the pork ribs). There are also sides of warm cheese bread, polenta, garlic mashed potatoes (that are incredibly light), and caramelized bananas on the table that they do a great job of keeping refreshed -- though I had a hard time even remembering they were there as I focused in on tasting the meat!

Of course I ended up eating way too much and for a someone who does not eat meat, but maybe once or twice a year, I would say I really enjoyed the experience. I was glad someone else ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert at the table so I could have a taste to top the night off!
Welcome to meat heaven. If you don't like meat, stay away, you will probably faint just walking by their large, glass room of ribs just roasting tenderly.... begging you to come in and take a bite...

Whatever you do, don't eat the salad buffet first. You will get full off of the gigantic vegetables (asparagus the side of a baby's arm, I'm not even joking), and not have any room for the variety of meats these Aladdin-pant-wearing, sword-holding employees have in store for you. 

Waiter immediately explains to us that there is no menu. "Wha?" I say. He basically explains that they come around with the chunks of meat on swords and will place as much as you'd like on your plate. It will include steak, chicken, lamb, etc. etc. The coaster on the table is red on one side, green on the other. If you are ready to eat, flip the card to green! When you want a red, don't forget to flip to red or else the men will just keep coming by to offer more meat!

Very spacious place, lots of attentive people waiting on you.

I got a little intimidated at first with all the swords flying by my head, but their 'Brazilian national drink' calmed me down. It tasted like a margarita with hints of vodka.

The whole time that we're eating I'm wondering how much this is gonna cost, I'm thinking it's gonna be super expensive since it's so good and there is no limit to how much to eat! It came out to about $30/person. Not bad at all! Come with your starving stomach, because there will be plenty to try out and it is so delicious!
Welcome to the festival de meat! 

J and I went to Fogo for the first time to celebrate our anniversary back in April. I called the day prior to see if we could do reservations and how much time we would need to enjoy the experience that is Fogo. 

The woman I spoke with was very courteous, informative, and asked if we were celebrating anything special. I told her it was our anniversary and had to be at the theater in downtown phoenix at 7:30pm.  She stated that about an hour and a half would be a sufficient amount of time.  So, we set our reservations for 5:30pm. 

We arrive a little prior to 5:30 and were quickly escorted to our table in the back of the house (they said so we could enjoy our dining experience as it is nosier in the front the later it gets). I noticed that we were probably overdressed, (J in a suit and myself in a cocktail dress. We saw patrons in shorts/jeans/tennis shoes) but we did not care. 

We were seated and instructed on how the dining experience works (and to stick mostly with the meat and skip the salad bar all together if we wanted) with the red/green card. No sooner than getting back to the table from the salad bar, we're approached by a gaucho chef to start table-side service. Our cards were still red! We said as soon as we're ready, we'll flip the cards over. 

Green = GO team FOGO! No sooner than turning the card over, gauchos were coming at us from all directions! It felt like we were under a siege of meat! I think that all the waitstaff works together, and no one has a designated section. We had at least 3 different people come and refill our drinks at the blink of an eye (the glasses weren't even close to being half empty most of the time). Though, I was in a meat coma and could not eat another bite, our dinner ended with a complementary dessert.  J got to enjoy the Flan almost all to himself.  :)

Our bill came to exactly $100.00 before tip.  That included 1 drink for J and an ice tea for myself.  

The entire staff, from manager down to the hostess, made us feel welcomed for our first Fogo de Chao experience. The food, service and ambiance were very enjoyable. We look forward to experiencing Fogo again soon!!
Imagine your a hungry lion, locked in a shopping mall full of people. They are athletic, unarmed, and some of them have been good enough to coat themselves in A1 or barbecue sauce. Welcome to the Fogo de Chao experience.

Meat orgy! It's absolutely magnificent, take over half a dozen different piping hot well prepared varieties of meat including top sirloin, bottom sirloin, Filet Mignon, pork loin, beef ribs, pork ribs, and lamb stuffed onto skewers that could double as props for a film about Roman gladiators. Hand said savory redolent skewers to an assorted band of servers that seem to dance in and out of crowded tables full of people with amazing ease all at the beck and call of a little piece of paper. It's fantastic! They have wonderful sides as well including caramelized bananas, polenta, and garlic mashed potatoes. There is also a salad bar, and I think it was nice but quite honestly wasn't the analogy about the damn lion the point here?

Happy hunting.
Great food at this overload of a restaurant.  You definitely need to come here a couple of times before you get the hang of things.  The salad bar is great and all the meat was perfectly cooked.  Since it was my first time here and I was so enamored with all of the beautiful cuts running around, I didn't slow down, and relax as much as I should have.   On the other hand, Manny Ramirez of the LA Dodgers was sitting at the table directly next to us so that was pretty cool.  The bacon wrapped fillet was the best bite I had all night.  I kept taking more every time that particular Gaucho came around.  The staff here is excellent accomadating my request for rice at no charge.  They also have a beautiful chimichurri sauce that you can ask for as well.  My only gripe of the meal, and I do mean only, was the fact that they charged me $18 for a glass of lemoncello at the end of the meal.  That is ridiculous, especially if my father in laws Grand Marnier was only $6.50.  The lemoncello was a $28 bottle, so I can't comprehend where they got the nerve to charge so much.  Other than that, Saud, Fogo de Chao! Wonderful job on your fabulously different take on the classic steak house.
Oh boy! talk about some quality "meat" dining experience. I went on a Sunday night, my friend and i are huge meat eaters, so we were ready to devour the place. The staff were really friendly and immediately seated us and told us "remember try to pace yourself", come on!? really!? i have conquered steaks after steaks who do u think you are talking to!? ( so i thought), let me just say that if you are not ready, keep your little coaster on the red side, because all the tender goodness are practically flying to your table, if you don't pace urself, you are gonna get dominated by the juicy goodness plates after plate. 

I personally enjoyed every rack of meat they brought in front of us, the chicken was so so, but ..well it's chicken. 

I was pretty impressed by their salad bar, the produce were fresh and delicious, if i want ready to eat an entire cow, i can definitely hangout at their salad bar all day. 

Over all it was a very fulfilling and pleasant experience.
I love Brazilian barbeque and this place did not disappoint. I've only been to one that I would consider better than this and the rest that I've been to were no where close to this. The quality of all of the different types of meat were amazing. The salad bar was also great. It's not a cheap meal, nor is it expensive in my opinion because of the quality of the meal. Definitely worth the money!
If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no.
 Fifth time there, time to review. I'ts a simple format. Eat Meat! The dinig room at night is like a dance floor of waiters holding there meatsticks and offering it up to our hungry mouths. Ok, that looks like a porn intro.... but it's true. So for now call me Brandon St. Randy cause I want the meat they got. First off skip the salad bar please. This is a place to get your protein, nothing else. The slad bar has all kinds of frou frou hearts of palm, and aged romano. Sissy shit. Here at Fogo it's meat only. The house specialty here is the "picahna" and it is so good. It's like the best part of bacon fat on top of juicy sirloin. Make sure you get good slices wth a good amount of fat cap. Skip the chicken legs.....boring. All other cuts of meat are delicious. Do not pass on the Brazilian Limeonade!!! DO NOT! It is bottomless and so damn tasty, just needs a good rum in it. 
 Inexpensive for what you get. Make sure to turn your service card to OFF or there will be a dancing meat stick waiter on one of your elbow's.
 They offer excellent sides. Caramlized Bananas, Grilled Polenta and you can ask your waiter for spicy dipping sauce, it is not on the menu or offered you need to ask. The varietes of meat include Top and Bottom Sirloin, Tenderloin, Pork and Beef Ribs, Chicken Drums, Lamb Chops and Chicken wrapped in Bacon. For me, it's only the Red's....Meat that is!
I usually love buffet.
I usually not eat lots of meat.

It is kind like a weird combo but when I finished my dinner at Fogo de Chao, I am satisfied - Meat and Buffet.

I grow up with breakfast buffet every times we went on our summer vacation. This made me LOVE buffet style; however, Fogo de Chao did not have the great buffet but it is enough to response my need.

Even though I came for lamp but their beef are the best. Different kinds of them fulfilled my craving for red meat. Also caramelized banana and desert (soft cake that soaked with condense milk) helped ease my sweet tooth.

Now I tried to think which occasion I should go back their again.
Meat, meat, meat, meat, meat! Did I mention meat? This place is a meat lover's paradise! However, I am not a huge meat person, but my bf is... so I knew that I had to take him here. He absolutely loved it. They bring the meat by the table on huge skewers and side it right onto your plate - the ultimate meat indulgence! 

My only complaint was that all of the things I really wanted to try like the filet minion for example, barely came by our table. While other types of meat like the top sirloin and bottom sirloin were constantly being offered to us. I felt like I was just waiting and waiting to try certain menu items! Fogo needs to work on varying up the choices that pass by the tables. Other than that, no complaints. The buffet was awesome, drinks were superb and when the filet minion finally arrived at our table it was perfectly seasoned, juicy and tender... yum!!
I suggested we go here for my boss' surprise birthday for lunch! 
The place was not packed during lunch on a Friday. The place was beautiful! The staff was super friendly. First thing I had was their Cheese Bread and I MUST admit, it was the best that I have ever had. The cold/salad section was wonderful! I couldn't believe the huge Parmesan cheese they had...OMG! I love the idea of just sitting down and having the food come to me. Once you turn your sign to GREEN...the meat just came out one after the other and it was WONDERFUL! Every person at our table (group of 5) took a bite of meat and all you could hear, one by one, was MMMMMMMMMM!!! I caught myself MMMMMM then I heard the next person say it too then I just started noticing that we were all MMMMMMing. LoL! I told one of the staff that it was my boss' birthday and they give a FREE DESSERT of your choice. 
Would I come back here again: Most DEFINITELY!
Great Salad Bar, and never mind the nonsense about not eating from it to save room for the meat... Fogo's salad bar is a 9 out 10.
We've had something similar at a "Mongolian" bbq joint down in Florida and it wasn't all that great.  So the wife I don't think had high expectations.  I was looking forward to this meaty delight as I'd heard good things.  Arizona Restaurant week provided a good opportunity to get out and sample this fine establishment.

As it turns out...this is what I was seeking.  The service by the staff that puts the food in front of you was great.  As we grabbed a table at the bar waiting for our buzzer to buzz in less than a minute we had a basket of cheese stuffed bread in front of us.  It was good.

The salad bar was good also.  Tried to go light on that to save room for the delightful meet onslaught that was to occur in the near future.  Notables were the potato, chicken, and apple salads.  All very good.  

Now...flip the card over from red to green..and the staff that are running around every few minutes with different cuts of meats will drop by your table and ask you if you want some of what they're carrying.  It's an awesome site...seeing multiple filets skewered and getting hunks sliced off from whichever ones are cooked to your preference.  ...and let us not forget about the bacon wrapped fillet pieces also.  Some of the most flavorful things you will ever taste.  My wife isn't as much of a steak person as I am and she loved them.  The bacon-wrapped chicken was very good also.  The lamb also, very tasty.  

The dessert was good also.  Wife had what was a pretty good piece of cheesecake if I recall correctly.  My key lime pie was also pretty good (not the best key lime I've had...but pretty good).

The "bad":  This could've been 5 stars.  There were 2 things that kept it from being so (one that bugged me more than my wife, and the other that really irked her and bugged me a little too).

1.  The AZ Restaurant week ad for this says "During restaurant week guests will also choose from a selection of 12 decadent desserts." for the 3rd course.  We were given a choice of 3.  Cheesecake, Key LIme Pie, or a Chocolate cake.  I'm always irritated by false advertising.  

2. The service was spectacular by all of the chefs.  It was great in general, until it was time for the bill.  We were beginning to wonder if they wanted us to eat for free.  We were waiting for over 15 minutes since they cleared our table for the bill.  At least 10-15 after someone had told us they would check on our bill.  

So Fogo...you almost had 5 stars.  I cannot complain about the food though and the service in getting it to our table.  That part of it was great.
AWESOME SERVICE!

If it weren't for the awesome service, I woulda given this place 4 stars.
But man o man, the servers were always accessible without being overbearing.  Loved it.

I also loved the salad bar, and the side dishes.  The meat was awesome too, but I'm just not into meat like that.  Next time I return, I'm salad barring it all the way.
love coming here, but need to remind myself to come extra hungry!  the salad bar is awesome and the meat is to die for...a little spendy but definitely worth it if your out on the town.  the atmosphere is great for dinner conversation but lively enough it isn't stuffy.  Can't wait for the next night of feasting ;)
I went to Fogo de Chao last week during AZ Restaurant week with a couple of friends. Unfortunately, this place didn't really rise much past mediocre (read on)

Fogo de Chao is a typical, although nicely done-up Brazilian steakhouse establishment. The building is grand and colored in nice deep earth tones. It was a Saturday so it was packed, but nonetheless, we had reservations and were seated quickly once the whole party arrived. Brazilian steakhouses aren't really my thing, but I've striven to be impartial on this review. 

First, the salad bar. There is a nice selection of things here including fresh vegetables, prosciutto and a giant parmesan that people hack into. So, on to the first two major demerits:  There was smoked salmon on offer, but the particular slab on offer here was frozen. At these prices ($19.50 just for the privilege to graze the salad bar, but comes with the normally $46.50 free-for-all per person price), this is a screw-up that is not even close to being acceptable for a simple salad bar setup, and of course the price compounds the level of disappointed that I reach. I know that Americans are into big, but the parmesan was puzzling given that this is a block of cheese that is either shaven or grated, or enjoyed in deliciously rich chunks. It was impossible to get a nice shaving out of this thing as there were no decent implements to get into the parmesan well. 

Second, the meat service. There was a nice meat selection, and overall the meats were of good quality and quite tasty. However, I did notice that the cheaper cuts of meat were much more plentiful and forthcoming. Our table actually had to actively ask for them to send over the lamb, pork tenderloin, and beef ribs. We were also told that some of the cuts were unavailable. The complimentary sides were delicious. The cheese bread, polenta and bananas were lovely. 

Dessert was just uninspiring, boring, pre-fabricated crap. It was free so I can't complain too much, but in normal circumstances they're probably charging in the high $9 to mid $10 range for a thin, crappy piece of what I think is anything but homemade cheesecake with an uninspiring combination of HFCS, sugar, red food coloring, and a couple of strawberry seeds that was the sauce. My friend had the chocolate mousse cake which was equally uninspiring and crappy. I'm not expecting a superstar dessert, but at least make an honest attempt at quality. 

The booze is WAY overpriced. $12.25 for a "Premium Caipirinha" ... are you kidding? And, to boot, one of the things that pisses me off to no end (and results in major loss of critique points) at high end restaurants ... BILL ERRORS. We had a total of two cocktails and were billed for four. Simply, unacceptable. We weren't even brought a revised check before we handed over our credit cards for payment, and what's worse, not even an apology from the server regarding this $25 whoops on the bill. The only saving grace of that incident is that we were charged correctly in the end.

So, 

Overall:  C to C+ 
              Fogo de Chao has a lot of potential to be a great Churrascaria
               as it bills itself to be. On this particular occasion it didn't really
               rise much past mediocre given some borderline egregious 
               failures in service and food quality. Some plus points for
               great interior design though. 

Food:     B-      (Big plus points for great meat. Minus points for the 
                         piss poor attempt [if I can call it that] at dessert, and 
                         frozen smoked salmon on the salad bar) 

Booze:  C-      ($12.25 for a Caipirinha? Give me a break!)

Service: C     (Service was overall good. Near failure in service for
                       the bill error. The only saving grace was their 
                      responsiveness when we asked for something specific)
Always enjoyed Fogo, since going to one in LA.  This one is a bit less, as they do not have the same selections -desert, wine, salad bar -- as the LA location.  Went to the LA location about 14 times.

Otherwise, meat and service are quite good, and a very nice experience.  I have been to this one twice now, and sometimes the servers are better than others.  Also, sometimes the pacing can be a bit weird -- too many at once, vs the normal one at a time.
This place is amazing! If you live gourmet and love meats this is the place to be. They have waiters who come around and serve you different types of meats from pork, chicken, filet mignon...its all u can eat! Including sides and salad bar. They also have this desert you can eat that breaks down the meats. Awesome place and totally worth it! Just be sure to come hungry!
Underwhelming and over-priced.  

Mrs. Wanderer became a fan of churrasco, Brazilian barbecue after eating at the outstanding Via Brasil in Vegas last year so we popped in Fogo de Chao to see how they compared.  Answer: not favorably.

The best thing about this place is the physical appearance of the restaurant but it's all downhill from there. Two star food, one star service and a four star price.  

The salad bar was just okay but really nothing to get excited about. We were much more interested in the meat courses than messing around so after a perfunctory pass at the antipasti we had the waiter clear our plates and waited for the meat to begin.

And waited. And waited some more.  Waiter after waiter walked by us, huge spear of meat in hand, head down, studiously ignoring us.  We finally managed to flag one down by literally, yelling.  We didn't know what else to do since we'd been waiting at least ten minutes for somebody to serve us and we were hungry.

We finally got some meat and it was fine but then the same thing happened on the next course.  For the next hour we played this game where the waiters would walk by us doing their best to avoid eye contact and we'd try to intercept them.  It's very hard to avoid concluding that they are really not that keen on giving you meat here which kind of negates the point of being a churrascaria. 

The three sides were all mediocre and unmemorable: soggy microwaved bananas, mashed potatos and fried polenta wedges.  

For this kind of money, I'd much rather eat at Ruth's Chris or Morton's.
Seriously? Hands down, THE BEST STEAK PLACE EVER!  They have every type of steak a meat lover could want. They also offer chicken and pork, ribs... etc. Their salad bar is decent but don't waste your time. It'll fill you quick, and in my experiences there, wait out for the meat. Its a nice place too, so dress up. It ruins the experience of the ambiance. Its a quick eat, we got in and out of there under an hour. I was very impressed. You can start eating as soon as you sit down. And another plus.... you can eat all you want! It's a bit pricey, at like $50 a person starting off, but well worth it, for the experience alone. Its a perfect fun date place too. They have a nice bar area, too.
My husband and I recently celebrated our 14th Wedding Anniversary at this restuarant with several of our friends back in September. The food was fabulous! The ambience perfect! Nice bar area too! We went during restaurant week so it was super busy! Our waitress began to slack a bit and we had issues at the end of our meal, but the Manager on duty quickly resolved things for us! This Manager went above and beyond to make us happy and ensure that we would be repeat customers! We will! Thank you Fogo de Chao! We will be dinning there in 2 weeks! Our friends from CA will be joing us! We are looking forward to another wonderful dinner!

Thank you
Pamela,
O.M.G. This place is AWESOME.  Initially one would say it's a carnivore's paradise, do NOT sleep on the salad bar.  Now I love me some cow and chicken just like the next person, but the salad bar is what it's all about for me.

I've eaten there three times over the past four months, and the one word that comes to mind: Consistency.  Fogo de Chao not only delivers the same great food time after time, they have EXCELLENT customer service.

Wanna know how good it is? My husband and I had a bit of a challenge transitioning our 6 month old son (now 8 months old) from the bottle onto other foods. On our first visit to Fogo de Chao, a relative offers up "give him a lamb bone"... so we do, and he LOVED it.  In fact, my husband had to fight the kid to get it back out of his hand (true story!).

If you are looking for a way to sample several cuts of meat while being fulfilled by an incredible salad bar, Fogo de Chao just might be the place for you.  Oh, and the desserts are amazing.

My ONLY gripe about this place is that they don't offer bottomless fountain drinks for the non-alcoholics like myself.  If you like Coke, Sprite, diet, etc, be prepared to pay $2.50 a pop (no pun intended) every time they bring one of those little 6oz bottles out to your table.  I guess they figure if you can pay big bucks for the dinner, what's a few more bucks for a soft drink?

My recommendation: come HUNGRY, or you will waste your hard-earned money.
Meatgasm.  Meat.  Meat.  Meat.  Why thank you, Brazil!  

This is a man's paradise.  Beautifully cooked and seasoned meat and all you can eat.  The first dude to flip his card to red is a sissy.

Don't make plans after you eat here. You'll be so full are you likely to pass out in the parking lot.  Brilliant!

My favorites include the filet mignon with bacon and the ribeye.  The mashed potatoes and plantains are also great!  The salad bar is nice too, but skip it and eat all the meat you can possibly fit in your belly.

The first time we came here some doofus refilled my Mai Tai with iced tea.  Before I could let my complaint roll off my tongue, there was a manager there to correct the problem.
This place is awesome.  Best meat I had in long time.  I went in during lunch time and price was reasonable for all you can eat quality meat.  I would give this place 5 star but can't afford to go here for dinner.  Awesome dining experience.
Holy meat in your mouth Bat Man! Where else but a Brazilian style buffet can you have an orchestrated meat orgasm. Brought to you all at the flip of what should never be confused as a drink coaster. With the flip of the red/green"coaster" we were immediately assaulted by six meat wielding servers. Everything from fillet, to lamb, to the most incredible chicken wrapped in bacon. Yes my friends bacon! This place is the closest I have come to man vs food.

Not to be forgotten is the salad bar. The salad bar is a vegetarian delight in a carnivores lair. Decidant cheeses, fresh vegetables, pastas, and starchy concoctions to satisfy your inner vegan.

The service was outstanding, even with the $50 a plate cost. I have several meat-a-terian friends I will be sharing Fogo with. After two hours, a salad bar, and fifteen meats later we all left in what felt like the third trimester of a well deserved "Food Baby".
This is the mecca of meat lovers, my husband's "happy place", and the only place he will NEVER turn down even when he's beefed out!  With about 12 different meat options and a salad bar you better come hungry and take your time enjoying all the options before you fall quickly into a food trance. Sure its a bit pricey at $50 per person, but considering the quality of the meat is top notch and the huge all you can eat selection it's well worth it every once in a while! They have everything from filet mignon, to top and bottom sirloin, and my favorite, the lamb chops. Finger licking good! The salad bar is rather small compared to others I'm accustomed to, but the chicken and apple salad is memorable, as is the asparagus (which are BIG). Your meal is accompanied by mashed potatoes, plantains and polenta. These aren't anything to brag about, but who comes here to load up on carbs when you have all the meat to chose from. They also have a big wine room with a great selection.

I love that this is a Brazilian churrascaria that aims to look and serve authentic. The servers actually dress in authentic gaucho attire and most actually speak Portuguese! Last churrascaria I went to had caucasian servers who didn't speak a word of Portuguese or Spanish. Big points to Fogo de Chao! Like Sarah M. mentioned, the servers are always accessible but not overbearing. They give you a small discs at the start of the meal - green lets servers know to bring on the meat and red lets them know to move onto the next table. So you can always enjoy your meal at your own pace without feeling overwhelmed.  I love it!
This was my first time eating at the Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale and it might be the last.  I have eaten at the Fogo de Chao in Dallas many times so I knew what to expect, amazing service and perfectly cooked and seasoned meat.  For the $30 you will spend on lunch, you should not expect anything less.
As I walked in, I was not disappointed.  Everything was first class.  The salad bar was just as you would expect in a five star steakhouse.  I learned from previous visits not to waste too much time at the salad bar.  I came for the meat, cooked Brazilian style, and I was hungry.
As soon as I sat down, I flipped my card to "green", which signals that I was ready for meat.  "Red" means stop bringing meat.  I didn't really care what came to me first; I knew it would all be delicious.  As luck would have it, the first "gaucho", Portuguese for cowboy, to come by had one of my favorites; top sirloin.  My mouth was watering as he sliced off two big pieces from the rotisserie skewer.  This is where the fantasy of what I was expecting ends and reality set in.  The meat was dry and rather bland.  What!  This had never happened to me at this restaurant before.  Of the dozens of times I had eaten in Dallas, the food was always perfect and top notch.  The Scottsdale Fogo de Chao was turning out to be a disappointment.
I thought to myself that I simply had one bad cut of meat and it was bound to happen sooner or later.  I tried the filet mignon, the lamb, the chicken and the pork.  They were all dry and flavorless.  The only thing that made spending $30 on lunch worth it was the fabulous meat, yet what they were serving was not even as good at Texas Roadhouse.
I'm sure that one day I will go back and give them another chance.  Every day that passes I convince myself that it wasn't as bad as it was.  As soon as my memory fades enough, I'll be back for at least one more try.  Besides, it is too much fun to drop a bread crumb on the table and watch the headwaiter scramble to come clean it up.
If you love meat, I cannot possibly fathom why you wouldn't love this place.  When you feel like being the big fatty you always knew you were, go here and indulge. 

There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said, so just to confirm:

-- The interior is beautiful and their wine selection is very impressive.
-- The salad bar contains all that is good.  TRY not to spend too much time there, but I must confess that I loaded up on the cheese (parmigiano reggiano FTW) and smoked salmon.
-- All of the side dishes (which are also endless) are winners.
-- The meats are all very very good, but some are more impressive than others.  Their Alcatra is amazing, especially if you get an outer, crispy slice.  It's basically beef bacon.  Also, their lamb is superb -- seasoned just enough to expose the flavor of the meat.  Their chicken unfortunately falls short compared to everything else.
-- Go for lunch.  It's the exact same experience for ~$15 less per person.  

It's a bit pricey, (~$30 lunch, ~$45 dinner) but it costs about as much as the high end buffets in Las Vegas or a high end steakhouse, and it arguably surpasses the former in quality while easily beating the latter in quantity.  

Bottom-line:
Save up on both your cash and your calorie intake and then indulge like the glutton you are.
Vegetarians, stay home.

This place is a meat lover's paradise. I don't think I've ever eaten so much meat in my entire life.

But before the meat service begins, you start your meal over at the gourmet salad bar, which was not why I was there. After picking up a couple olives and leaves of lettuce, and a slice or two of onion, I felt good about having a nice balanced meal.

Back at the table, it's time for the real food to begin. The servers come by immediately, bringing a dozen different kinds of meat, filling up your plate as many times as you can handle. Lots of beef, like top and bottom sirloin, filet mignon, ribs, and ribeye, plus lamb chops, leg of lamb, pork ribs, parmesan-encrusted pork loin, chicken with or without being wrapped in bacon (like I'd eat chicken that's not wrapped in bacon), and sausage. Every meat was delicious, tender and juicy, full of amazing Brazilian flavors.

Also included with the meal were various side dishes, like a pretty good cheese bread, mashed potatoes, and carmelized bananas - but I was here to eat meat, so I didn't have a lot of those.

In the end, I don't know how much I ate - I'd guess each portion to be around 2-3 ounces, and I probably had at least 20 portions (everything at least once, several things twice), so probably around 3 pounds of meat. With all the different flavors constantly coming, it always seemed fresh and new.

At $62 (including soft drink, tax, and tip), it's a little more than I typically spend on a meal, but well worth it. This is definitely a place I'll be back to, maybe a few times a year. It will take that long to recover from my meat-induced coma anyway.
Really expensive but worth it.
Get ready to get meat drunk, then fall into a meat coma!! Although this is not a nationwide chain, this is what a chain restaurant can and should be, it's great. You begin with an immaculate salad bar. Definitely the best one I have ever seen or tasted for that matter. Hell you have to love a salad bar that has a whole wheel of Parmesan cheese for you to enjoy. Enough with the salad lets talk about the star of the show, the meat!! Transcendental might be too strong of a word, but it is pretty damn close. 
It is endless amounts of meat prepared 15 different ways, all seasoned perfectly. You have to love something that is seasoned so well that if adding salt or pepper to it at the table would over season it. This place is pretty much a buffet that comes to you and after trying several meats its great because you don't want to move, lol. And the best part is, is that you tell them when to come to you!! I could go on and on but if you have about 60 bucks to spend and want to enjoy a great meal just go here and leave in physical pain from over eating like I do!!
What's that you say? A VEGAN going to a Brazilian Steakhouse? How can this be? 

Two Words: SALAD BAR! 

Set in a Fine Dining Atmosphere Fogo De Chao offers a Pristine Salad Bar fit for a Vegan Queen. Choices like Brazilian Hearts of Palm, Whole Shitake Mushrooms, Jumbo Asparagus, Whole Artichoke Hearts, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Butter Lettuce and the list goes on and on. 

Some of the traditional side dishes are also vegan safe like the fried bananas and also the fried polenta with no cheese. Both are very delicious! 

Trust me you wont leave hungry. I've been twice now and would gladly dine here again anytime!

P.S.  The staff was incredible, our service was flawless and, we were completely taken care of every second of our visit.
Best place for meat lovers. The steaks are so good. They also have several options for salads. I love their apple salad. It is a great combination to eat with steaks. 

They also have various options of wines and other drinks.

And also It is a great place to go on a date (you can and should dress up to impress here) or It is also good just to eat casually with family and friends.
Another excellent Fogo de Chao experience, every bit as good as meals enjoyed in the the Austin and Chicago outposts.  I will say, though, that the Scottsdale edition might be the nicest looking restaurant of the Fogos I've seen.

As usual, the Picanha (the signature cut) was outstanding.  However, what really caught my attention this time was the Fraldinha, or lower sirloin.  I do not recall this being so good in previous visits, but it was juicy, tender and intensely flavorful.  Of the two fillet mignon offered, the standard (non bacon wrapped) was the best.  Perfectly medium rare, with a beautifully buttery texture.  Sadly, the bacon wrapped version was too overdone.  Although sometimes it's nice to break up the beef parade with some chicken, I am always disappointed.  The lamb and pork ribs, however, are good alternatives.

The salad bar is fresh and abundant, but don't fill up on too many items here.  What's always impressive to me is the huge wheel of authentic Parmesan Reggiano and it's hard not to carve off a few chunks of rich, salty cheese.  

Side dishes are typical: mashed potatoes (which are light and airy), fried polenta squares and caramelized bananas.  The latter are particularly nice to give your taste buds a break from the meat onslaught, with the sweetness playing a nice counterpoint to rich and salty beef.

As usual, I will need at least 6 months to recover from this experience.  But, I'll be back.  Just not sure what city it'll be in.
Never ever ever ever EVER come to this place when you're not starving. Seriously your stomach better be growling like a beast, your feet must be tapping on the ground anxiously, and you HAVE to be begging for meat-heaven when you come to this place.

Only then will you be able to make your money's worth.

That being said, this restaurant is very fancy and very expensive. But it's worth it for the meat and for the sheer satisfaction of it all. Each meat is cooked to perfection making sure each bite is flavorful and distinct- different from the other ones. My favorite would have to be the Special and the Chicken.. something.

I never really caught the names of the meat since I was too busy drooling as the waitress brings them to my table. Sorry.

Now, the salad bar must not be left behind either. The apple salad is just amazingly scrumptious and crunchy and the rest of the vegetables is fresh. Definitely stock up on the vegetables because it prevents you from getting sick off of meat-overload.

I had the Brazilian Lemonade to drink and it was the best lemonade EVER. It was sweet, tangry, smooth, and juicy.
I've been going to Fogo since the day they opened their doors and seriously, their standards are slipping. The food is still phenomenal and the gouchos are still as delightful and polite as ever but something about the actual service staff that just stinks these days. The first few months were AMAZING after the grand opening. Servers from Brazil waiting on you hand and foot, never a cold side dish, crumb, or empty water glass on the table, and a swarm of gouchos descending upon the table with every flick of the "button". These days you'd be hard pressed to find a server present with a decent IQ - including the adorably bouncy young thing who compared the likeness of Cuban food to "Chuy's" and "Cajun" food on our last visit. Oy. And I wish the menu came with a color coded chart for the service staff, who are often dressed in three distinct outfits. I can't tell who is supposed to be our server, an expediter, or a busperson which makes it impossible to get refills, clean plates, more bread, or your check in a timely fashion anymore, which sucks because you never had to ask before - it all just magically happened and always with a warm smile. The more crowded the place gets, the more ignored you become and the less the servers smile. I remember the first few visits, they always asked if it was a special occasion and a manager brought a special dessert if it was and when I was leaving they always packed me a little box of the cheese bread (because I always go nuts for it over dinner). I went for my birthday two days ago and not only did they not ask about what the occasion was when booking the reservation or when seating us (as they had always done in the past) but when a waiter(?) overheard my husband wish me a "Happy Birthday" he turned and asked me "it's your birthday?" and when I said "yes" and he said "well happy birthday!" and promptly brought me the check. It was an awesome experience, not so much. I'd still go back but maybe not for dinner anymore and not at full price. I used to think the extra money was worth the fawning they did over their clientele but no more fawning means it's just another overpriced Scottsdale steakhouse that charges per tiny 10oz soda bottle. Delicious cuisine but the service needs a massive overhaul. Toss the local Scottsdale new hires and bring back the adorable Brazilian waiters please. And the tiny little red Tabasco peppers, we miss those.
New Years Eve at Fogo was great! This place is worth every penny! Its a bit expensive but its an event. You leave eating every animal on the farm (organic, sustainable) made to perfection.
They know how to do meats.

I can't think of a single thing that wasn't great about this meal.

The only negative I can possibly think of is that nagging feeling in the back of my mind that it is just . . . too. . . . much. Just too much of everything. The whole experience constitutes a sort of embarrassment of riches.

But that's what celebrations are about, and thus this is a great place for a celebration.
This update is based SOLELY on the events that occured after posting my last review. After my birthday was basically ruined on my last visit to Fogo, the manager of the restaurant personally contacted me to apologize and offer to make it up to my family. Not only did he take the time to listen and apologize for the events of the night but offered to buy our dinner the next time we came in. I truly believe this is what is missing in America today. Since when did service oriented businesses stop emphasizing the importance of customer satisfaction and begin acting like our patronage was a privilege they were affording US? Although I have not returned for my do-over dinner, the manager's actions have ensured that it is a place I would definitely return to, over and over again!
Do you remember as I do, playing The Oregon Trail video game on your apple IIe in elementary school? The part I always loved(besides naming people cool names), was the hunting feature.  You would shoot a huge buffalo and could never carry back your entire compliment of meat.  Well, old school video games beware, Fogo De Chao has figured out a way to carry back the entire tomb of meat and place it right on your plate.

No joke, I have never seen more protein in a confined space.  You have around fourteen  options of different meat and by the second round, the types really starts to blur together.  There is filet, strip, chicken, sausage, etc...  The theme, is that comes hot and in mass quantities.  At first look the price tag looks pretty reasonable, but do not expect a  couple to get out of here for below $130 with tip. Yep campers, its around fifty a person for this all you can eat meat extravaganza and "salad bar."  

The salad bar is a collection of eclectic items that really do not seem at all like they belong on a salad bar.  That being said, it doesn't matter, because the meat coma you are entering does not allow for further eating, other than the meat.  

Now that I have been here once, I imagine I will go back someday, but not in the near future, my stomach is going to need at least another month to digest it all.

Good service, absolutely advertised as what you get for the meal, have to give Fogo a solid rating.
I'm not a big meat eater, but my god, if this was my last meal on earth, I'd die a happy (and uber stuffed) woman. My friend was visiting and she's from Argentina so this was kind of similar to the way the meats are prepared over there. We decided it would be wise to basically starve ourselves (with the exception of water) before our dinner at 7. We also decided to skip out on the salad bar and went straight to the meats to ensure that we could get maximal stuffage in our bellies. They also give you an unlimited ammount of yummy sides (mashed potatoes, sauteed bananas, polenta cakes and this awesome cheesy bread that was so moist and fluffy). Since there are over 15 choices of meats, I'll only name the ones I really liked and ones you might want to skip. 

Good meats: top sirloin, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, flank steak, sausage, and lamb chops (I am not a lamb fan, but boy was this good)

Skips: chicken wrapped in bacon, lamb shank, and pork tenderloin (only because ours happened to be dry)

The guy that seated us gave us helpful tips and pointed out this place is similar to other Brazilian buffets but with better looking servers. Agreed =)

One of our servers told us the reigning champion is a 115lb woman who ate 12 lbs of meat on her birthday (with 2 plates of salad, and a plate of desserts). Gross. Steve Nash apparently can only eat 5-6lbs.
Meat coma.  Prepare for a meat coma.  Last night my husband and I celebrated our sixth wedding anniversary.  After much debate on where we were going to celebrate Fogo won our votes.  We've visited another similar style restaurant in Ahwatukee so we knew what we were in for - or did we?  Fogo last night was very happily a different experience from the last time we did a Brazilian steak house.  This was upscale and so much more busy.  We made reservations on line and while we were five minutes late - it wasn't even an issue.  For the record we had an incredible time and I guess the next few things are just minor but I think would have added another star.  My hubby is chatty and can strike up conversation with anyone.  But the staff was not so much into it.  They didn't engage his quick little one liners and didn't feel obliged to "listen" to anything.  The expeditors were a little more willing but not by much.  I was seriously starting to get nervous by how fast everyone moves @ the restaurant.  So fast in fact a collision happened right in front of us.  Plates went everywhere.  The hubby tried (for the record this was his third attempt) to engage a gaucho about how they cook the meat - this gentleman looked @ Josh and said "hmmm I dunno" - I got the feeling he didn't understand what was being asked of him.  He just knew to cut the meat off the skewer and continue on.  Perhaps that's what they have been advised to do.  Not sure.  It was just awkward.  Everything was good.  The cherry peppers were delish (my first time) all of the meat was delish.  Not very seasoned but good.  The purity was awesome.  The salad bar was great.  I made the best Caesar salad I've had in a while.  The mozz and parm were FANTASTIC!  Hubby loved the little bread basket. The wait staff said that they were told what goes into it but not so much how to make them.  (you see a pattern here with the chatty)  :)  At the end of the night when we could take no more we were approaching comaville we waited for our staff person to bring the check.  This is what confuses me.  Who are we tipping.  The gauchos, the really sweet gal that never let my water go empty, the cutie that "crumbed" our table?  The gal previously mentioned asked if we had received our check.  And then went to find it.  When everyone was running around furiously this is where we waited the most?  Hubby says that it's almost nice to not feel like they are rushing us out the door.  But when we wanted to leave - well, we waited.  All in all it was a very successful anniversary.  We will be back I'm sure.
I came to Fogo de Chao for AZ Restaurant Week in 2010.  The first disclaimer is that you have to be a serious meat eater if you want to enjoy all the benefits.  I do not eat beef as a Hindu, but I was actually able to enjoy quite a bit of the experience.  I got an opportunity to eat really good BBQ Chicken, sausage, a hybrid chicken-pork dish, and several seafood items from the buffet tray.  

Fogo de Chao is very similar to tradition Brazilian BBQ.  I have actually been to a Brazilian BBQ in Rio, so I know this was very authentic.  You start off at the salad bar which has other small items such as cheese, seafood, and fruit.  You have quite a wide array of seafood to enjoy for non-red meat eaters.  You then sit down in your table and you get a button.  Green means bring it on!  Red means, stop for now or game over!  If you have your button turned to green, you will get constantly questioned about food.  I made this mistake in Brazil, and I had everyone and their mom come to my table asking if I wanted food.  I was so into the food, I didn't realize this simple little rule.  Once you want to call it quits for good, you get a selection of a few desert items.

I think Fogo de Chao does a good job replicating the traditional Brazilian BBQ.  The quality of food is very similar from what my red-meat eating friends tell me.  This is a good taste of Brazilian BBQ if you do not want to travel all the way to Brazil.
An orgy of red meat and excess followed by two weeks of cleansing and fasting.  Try to not think of the starving children in Africa as you go through this debaucherous exercise.  I feel like I need to go to 'confession' every time I eat here.

Savor the Picanha.


Addendum:  It's an hour later and I feel horrible.
so this is what its like to be treated like a king. from the moment we took our seats til the last bite of the "chocolate molten cake" (which im going to say is a definite must), we were in awe of not only the setting, atmosphere, and delicious meats/treats.  
before our wonderful dining experience (or might i say carnivore adventure), i had no idea what to expect... but, between the delectible sun-dried tomatoes (or you could pronounce it,, sun dried tom-ah-toes) and the filet mignon there was an outstanding staff ready to serve.  
what i recommend::::::
besides all of it.....
-sundried tomatoes
-potato salad
-cucumbers
-filet
-top sirloin
-pic-kanye???
-and a must.. pitcher of sangria
amazing way to end an amazing night... happy 3 year babe ;)
Best steak experience ever!!!! This is definitely a splurge type place if you are lucky to be in a town that actually has one. Service got a little shaky towards the end of our meal but it was terribly busy, being that it was Saturday night on Valentine's day weekend. Five stars does this place the justice it deserves for both the ambiance and top notch food quality! Would do it all over again if I had the chance!
Flesh Fest!! If you love meat, you'll enjoy Fogo De Chao. 

Our fist encounter with Fogo De Chao was in Houston a couple of years back. We were both impressed with the service and the food. Since then we have visited Fogo De Chao in Scottsdale and have loved every minute of each experience. 

My husband and I came here for our first year anniversary. We made the mistake of eating a huge breakfast at Bill Johnsons Big Apple. One shouldn't do that if you plan on going to Fogo De Chao. 

For New Years Eve we again visited Fogo De Chao with some friends. Service has been impeccable all three times we went (both in Houston and in Scottsdale). Our wine and water glasses were never empty and our table was always clean. The wait staff were kind and always remembered our favorite cuts of meat. The Lamb Chops are my favorite. The Bacon Wrapped Fillet Mignon is to die for!

I am a definate fan of Fogo De Chao!
I took my boyfriend here for a late Valentine's Day dinner...we were first timers. I had been on the web site before we left so I knew the prices; I believe it was $47.50 for the meal and $19.50 for the salad bar only. I don't eat meat so I'm glad they had the salad bar option as well. Since it was a Friday night and we didn't want to wait forever to eat I jumped online and made an online reservation through their site. Once we arrived we only waited a few minutes before being seated. Parking took longer than that...it looked like they had complimentary valet but I didn't have any cash for a tip so we wanted to self-park which looked like the majority of customers did. The parking lot is shared with some other busy stores so parking was very competitive. The restaurant has an open feel and was pretty packed. The atmosphere isn't very relaxing though, the whole restaurant shares the one salad bar which was pretty packed all night, there are the meat chefs buzzing through all the tables constantly, and each section seemed to be run by multiple waiters, bus boys, etc... It just had a very busy feel. There is no menu. You sit, you get an explanation of the service, and you immediately start eating. The entire experience took less than an hour.

Drinks: I ordered a diet coke and it came in a mini bar bottle with a glass of ice. He had an iced tea. The sodas are $3.00...per mini bar bottle so if you like to have a few glasses with dinner...you should order an iced tea which is free refills.

The salad bar has 30 different items which included a spring mix, looked like butter lettuce, spinach, sliced tomatoes, fresh balls of mozzarella, roasted peppers, giant asparagus, green beans, croutons, taboule, bread, potato chips (thick sliced potatoes), mushrooms, cheeses, dressings, and more. They also had some deli meats and fish but I don't eat meat so I didn't pay close attention.

Your meal comes with sides...to be completely honest, although they were nice with the meal, the flavors were somewhat bland. The po de queijo (warm cheese bread) was exactly like a popover...the fluffy baked good you may enjoy for breakfast with butter and jam. They were okay (pretty bland); I only had one. The crispy hot polenta was served in squares. They were definitely crispy and it was tasty...reminded me of hashbrowns both in flavor and texture. The garlic mashed potatoes were also just okay for me. They were creamy in texture...almost to the point they tasted artificial and were topped with cheese. They weren't served hot though so the cheese did not melt at all. The food was all warm. It seemed like they may pre-dish everything since they get so busy. The caramelized bananas were not sweet. To tell you the truth...they were so bland I thought that they were plantains. They look very dry when they were brought to us...no extra sauce or anything. They just looked unappetizing. We both tried a bite...I guess they could be used between dishes as a palette cleanser.  We also asked for rice and black beans. These are only brought out upon request. The rice was very good...a mild but delicious flavor. The black beans were drowning in bean juices but tasted good...until I bite into a piece of meat and had to spit them out! Yes, I made the decision to spit out food into my cloth napkin in a nice restaurant.  I could not swallow it. Since I mentioned at the beginning of the meal that I don't eat meat, I was very surprised that they didn't warn us about the beans but everyone's human so I didn't really care. I just asked for a new napkin. 

For meat service, they have a two sided card for each person; red means stop, green means come at me with those meat sticks. My boyfriend picked out which items he wanted to try...he liked the filet mignon the best. It added up quickly though, they're small pieces but with the multiple meats, the sides, and the salad bar we both got full really fast. I can't stress enough that the service was seamless and everyone was so friendly. The bill, after tip was $97 and change. Keep in mind, we did not have any alcoholic drinks and I only had the salad bar. This experience was a different one and I took my boyfriend here for the meat, to compensate for all the vegetarian meals he shares with me, but overall I would say the food was great, but not the most amazing thing I've have ever experienced. Next time, I would prefer a nice steak house with a more relaxing feel...especially since it's not everyday that we spend $100 on dinner for the two of us.
Basically a glorified all you can eat buffet. I think they try to overwhelm you with so much food so that you don't realize that it's all pretty mediocre.

Zero ambiance.

Hope you like meat.
Meatlover's paradise! I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses but I was really impressed with both the service and the food. If you go, GO HUNGRY!!! I know you're supposed to go there for the meat but the fried bananas and the cheesy bread puffs are sooo amazingly good, I have a hard time staying away from those. After working my way through a wide variety of meats, I left in a meat stupor. The meat, by the way was delicious. Quite a big variety of meats, cuts and they were all flavored really well. The service is really fast.
This place is awesome, I've never been to anything like it. If you are in the mood for meet then this is the place for you. Even if you aren't they have an amazing Salad Bar. Make sure not to fill up on salad though as you wont be disappointed by the selection of meats that await you.
OK, so maybe my barbarian talk review was lost on many readers so I have decided to edit my initial review of Fogo. Needless to say, this place will bring out the inner meat eating barbarian in all of us. 

I have been to the Fogo de Chao in Philadelphia and the one in Scottsdale numerous times, both locations offer the freshest items and both have their signature wait staff who bring the meat on the fly when your card is green. 

If you're bringing new initiates, advise them to come prepared. That being said, this place isn't a "buffet". It is a bit classier than that and as I mentioned, you will be getting quality items from both the salad bar and the main course with excellent service all around. Regardless if you get "your money's worth", it is an experience everyone should enjoy at least once. 

The Philadelphia location is right in center city and the AZ location is in yuppy Scottsdale. However, like "Jason V." mentioned, there were definitely more family tables at the AZ location than the one in Philly. No judging here either, but I agree that Fogo is not the place to bring infants and toddlers.
I came to this place for my birthday celebration with my fiance and another couple. I was definitely in a good mood.

THE FOOD

First, the salad bar. I am not much of a veggie lover, but the selection here is impressive, especially in light of this being a place where you eat the cow, not the cow's food. Besides a variety of veggies and dressings, you have a few cold cut meats, cheeses and smoked salmon to select from. From personal experience, tomatoes are good, all cheeses and meats are too. Salmon was simply delicious.

For the main course, it's all sorts of meat, mostly varieties of beef plus lamb and chicken. I liked all of them, but most of the beef was a salty to my taste (hence the loss of a star). Some of it can be explained by my getting the first cut off the meat several times, which meant that I got the salt seasoning in addition to the salt in the meat.  That aside, the meat is high quality and the main objective here is to remember not to get too much too soon, so you can enjoy everything the place has to offer.

Sides were small (as they should be) and included polenta, mashed potatoes and fried bananas. All good.

The wine selection is extensive and from our limited tasting, quite good. We had Cabernet and malbec.

SETTING
This is a rather large stand alone restaurant, but has surprisingly personal feeling, especially if you consider the amount of staff running around. It is not too brightly lit and has generally darker tones to the interior. There is also a cozy bar to the side of the main entrance that is a pleasant place to wait for others to arrive.

SERVICE
Attentive and not at all pushy.

OVERALL
I came here in a good mood and left in an even better mood and feeling like a python after eating a cow. Which was close enough to true amount of food in me. Highly recommend this both for the experience and the food itself.
I procrastinated on making Easter reservations and wound up coming here with the bf. Inside it looks like you are at someones wedding reception at a nice catering hall- nice, but unoriginal.  All of the staff were very kind and helpful and we soon got down to business. The salad bar was my garden of Eden! Mushrooms, beets, humongous asparagus spears (genetically altered, perhaps?;) ) the basil dressing? Amazing. I loved it, and even my veggie-shy man enjoyed some of it's offerings (bread and butter!). 

Time to get meaty! I have never had so much hot meat in front of me at one time! We quickly learned what we liked (filet and ny strip for me) and what we didn't (bottom sirloin still visits me in bad dreams). I tried two pieces of chicken that were both hard as rocks and a pork sasuage  that was ggggross! I had more uneaten meat on my plate than i had consumed, so after about 20 minutes I cut off the meat flow and went back for seconds at the salad garden.  Before leaving, we finally saw the lamb chops coming around. I love them and had to try them. My first bite was pretty decent. But each subsequent one was fattier than the next. Blech! Enough for me. 

I will mention the sides, although they were truthfully unmentionable. The "crispy polenta" was overcooked and greasy, the plantains looked nasty but tasted ok. The potatoes were the best of the worst, and we actually ate them. But overall, the sides aren't worth the room in your belly. We had none left, and therefore passed on dessert.

I'd go back for the salad bar, it alone costs $20, but I think it's worth it. Everything else, meh.
I loved it. The salad bar is not so great but everything else is excellent!
Fogo de Chao has the best meat I have ever tasted, hands down!  

The salad bar has some really great items, especially the potato salad.  The service is amazing, which makes the entire experience that much better.  I would highly recommend anything with "sirloin" in the name, which I think far outweighs any of the other amazing offerings, even the filet.  They also have the best sausage I have ever tasted.  

I was skeptical about the fried bananas the first time I went, but by the end of the meal had tried them, and they are amazing.  As a bonus, after eatin way, way more meat than any human ought, they make your belly feel great! 

It is a little pricey, but if you go for lunch it is roughly half the price of dinner, with exactly the same food and service.  

What a great invention, Brazil!
I'd never had Brazilian BBQ before and was I in for a treat.  

It started out with an impressive salad bar that included a wheel of Parmesan that you could carve pieces out of, delicious sweetly marinated peppers, hearts of palm and many other exotic and standard salad items.  The basil salad dressing was very good and a must try!

The main course was a never ending supply of ten types of meat. Everything was delicious except the sirloin which was on the tougher side. The lamb and pork ribs stood out as exceptional.

A word of warning, be sure to remember to flip your coaster to the red side, otherwise you will be overwhelmed with slices of meat being cut and tossed in front of you.

Fogo de Chao is an experience to be had. Be sure to bring your appetite!
Ferrari's + Fashion + Filet = Fogo de Chao 

Maybe it's just me, but I felt out of place here. Well, I am getting up there in age and no longer feel a part of the "in crowd." As we parked our car (yes, we parked our own car and didn't use the valet), we saw Ferraris, Mercedes, Escalades, BMWs and they were everywhere. My husband and I drive a Lexus, so we're not exactly chopped liver, but the car display here was over-the-top. 

Then, there's the "eye candy." Granted it was "AZ Restaurant Week," so the restaurant was bustling with high energy. There were so many gorgeous young girls in stilettos and spandex dresses that were two sizes too small; I'm not sure how my husband was able to concentrate on his food. 

As for the food, it was good. The salad bar is huge with exotic and high end offerings including: tender fresh asparagus stalks, apple salad, hard salami and prosciutto, shaved authentic Parmigiana Reggiano, sun-dried tomatoes, and freshly made buffalo mozzarella. 

Here's how the all-you-can-eat carnivorous feast works. After you've had your fill of the salad bar, use your special coaster to let the waiters know you're ready. Flip the coaster to green to signal food service or red to take a break. Each waiter carries dramatic skewers with different meats. There are at least a dozen different varieties of beef, chicken, lamb, sausage, pork. Once we flipped our coasters to green, those waiters swarmed on us like flies to honey. Truth be told, it was overwhelming, almost scary. So we quickly flipped our coasters back to red so we could enjoy our feast. I was surprised that many of the meat selections were dry. Maybe they could set some flavorful dipping sauces on the table to provide moisture and a variety of flavors. But perhaps that would defeat the purpose of showcasing the meat? 

At any rate, I can see how many people enjoy Fogo de Chao. But for me, I'm not a fan.
I didn't  go for the great salad bar or even the best dinner rolls I have  ever had. We went for the steak....every one of the options(over 10) were fantastic. The fact that you get to try as many and as much as you'd like makes it great.  No this isn't a buffet like it  sounds. GO hungry and leave happy,period.
Positives: There was a wide variety of salad, meats, and sides that come with your meal; drinks and dessert are not included. The service is phenomenal and absolutely what you'd want when you spend that much money for food. 

Negatives: We are absolutely meat lovers, and enjoy good flavor, however with the exception of a couple of cuts, there really wasn't too much to it, other than over salted entrees. Also, we went here for spring restaurant week and normally the prices during this week should be much cheaper than normal for a 3 course meal, and instead it was only 6 dollars cheaper than any other normal dinner night. I thought this was very deceiving when I made reservations. I wouldn't mind paying the money, if they were upfront about it. 

Worth trying once just to say you went there, but we probably won't be going back.
I could write a very long review telling you how this is the most amazing steak you can find and a million other great things about this place. Instead I'm just going to say AMAZING!!! Worth every penny. They treat you amazing here and they are VERY quick with the steak. Don't miss this place.
Went here for a work function today. What can I say, this place is awesome! A great variety of meats all cooked to perfection. My favorite was the bacon wrapped filet, yum!

Nice salad bar with good variety as well, instead of bacon bits, they have a bowl full of uncrumbled bacon.

Lastly a slice of cheesecake with strawberries, mmm.

Simply awesome stuff! Taking the wife when I can.
"....they need more meats on a stick..." - Ben Stiller as Ted in There's Something About Mary.

I think he meant they need more gauchos running around in a restaurant slicing it up for me to indulge in.  

I brought a friend here for dinner.  He had never had the churrascaria experience so I thought I would help him improve his dining experience exponentially.

The first great thing, apart from the food, was the parking set up.  There's complimentary valet parking OR your friend can park a 100 yds away from the front door so he can laugh at you while you negotiate beds of tiny rocks in your stilettos.  Anyway, this location is soooo much better than the Beverly Hills one that has super atrocious parking.

To the good stuff....I made my friend order a caipirinah and I ordered a Mondavi Pinot Noir to start.  We hit the salad bar and my friend was like what is all this weird stuff.  Who cares, just dump ranch on it!  They had a really yummy apple salad that I had never tried before, but I like to load up on the hearts of palm, artichokes, and buffalo mozzarella.

Along with never having had the Brazilian experience, my friend had never had filet mignon....smh...you poor sheltered thing.  He tried the bacon wrapped filet & chicken first.  I watched him de-virginize his mouth with filet mignon.  It was pornographic.  Then we tried MY personal fave, lamb chops medium rare.  I also had the bottom sirloin which was a little too skirty for my liking.

Oh, this kid also tried his first bite of polenta....christ almighty...and he liked.

We finished off dinner with the papaya cream dessert, which was papaya blended w/ vanilla ice cream topped w/ creme de cassis, and 2 snifters of B & B.

Oh, you've never had B & B?  Kiss the enamel on your teeth goodbye, but it tastes absolutely delish!

We had phenomenal service at a great price.  I got more bang for my buck here at this location.  What I spent here on the AYCA, dessert, & booze was equal to the cost of the AYCE only price at the BH locale.  (What's the exchange rate of the Cali $ to the AZ $....3 to 1?  I love it!)

For a casual yet buzzing dining experience, bring your self-proclaimed sheltered friends here for a meaty, treaty taste fest, flip to green and it's on!
Consistent offerings of service, food, atmosphere and drinks is what makes this franchise successful. 

No matter whether I'm at Fogo in DC, Baltimore or here in Scottsdale, I get the same gut-busting food and well-made drinks in a place where I could either wear a suit and tie or jeans and a t-shirt.

A specific note on this particular location- there were a lot of families with small children on this particular Friday night. No judging, but I've never seen that at any other Fogo. Fogo back east is really "date night" or the kind of place to pre-game for a bachelor party or a business dinner, but not to bring infants and toddlers. Possibly a by-product of its location on Scottsdale Road in a strip mall near a few hotels. IMHO, this is not the place to bring kids, but I respect the rights of anyone to do so. If I was traveling w/ kids in tow and I didn't have a Fogo in my city, it'd be hard to pass up. In any regard, it did not bother me in the least. I was too wrapped up in my company and the food and those drinks. 

You will easily spend over $75 per person here including tip, so prepare to camp out, eat slowly, enjoy your meal and be treated like royalty.

The house special sirloin will make you rethink how to prepare sirloin at home, it's that good. Don't fill up on salad at the salad bar- you can do that at Olive Garden- but do enjoy the cheeses, mushrooms, vegetables and cold cuts which raise the salad bar. Did you see what I just did there?

Nice wine selections here. Ask for a Brazilian red to enjoy with your meal if you have the coin.
We decided to try out Fago de Chao today for our Anniversary it was disappointing to say the least. I am also a Private Chef and they were gracious enough to let me tour the kitchen but the meat  was over done and dry. The salad bar was really good with lots of variety. One of the  servers was exceptionally nice he's the one that gave me the tour and brought us an Anniversary dessert that was very good. I would just expect that since the main excitement of the Resturant was all the meat that it should be cooked exceptionally well, juicy and moist.We visit a lot of restaurants for the cuisine and the atmosphere and this one unfortunately won't be on our list for a return visit at these prices especially.
I felt like a King...but at a king's price.  I had the meal, one mixed drink, and coffee and tip....$78

By the end of the meal, my head was spinning and I was dizzy with the excessive hospiality, the over abundance of great food, great service and good coffee.
The food was amazing!.. We went here for a friend's dad's birthday and the food was awesome!! Besides the food though, there sat us at a table that was by the door, which was okay, there just seemed to be a lot of traffic. There was a very large party next to us that had 2-3 young children that were running around and screaming. It was not a pleasant dinner and it was very loud. It definitely was difficult to talk across the table. Towards the end of dinner, we wanted to get desert due to celebrating a birthday and the wait staff seemed to disappear on us. By the time they came around and asked if we would like desert, everyone was ready to leave. We definitely will try this place again because the food was excellent, but hopefully next time the atmosphere will be better.
Alright, I'm going to make this as short and sweet as possible. If you're vegan or vegetarian, yes there's a giant salad bar for you, but don't waste your time and money. If you're a meat eater but mostly fish or chicken because red meat is soooo bad for you. Go jog to your favorite sushi bar and fill up on those cute little morsels.  If you are a true carnivore.  I mean you embrace the fact that we have been blessed with canine teeth for the ripping and shredding of flesh.  If you pass by a farm filled with cows and you don't notice the smell of poop and moreover you are suddenly blazing a trail to Carl's Jr for a $6 burger.  If you look longingly at your local butcher's apron and think about sucking that fabric clean.  Well my friends, Fogo de Chao is for you.  

           Now the place if very nicely adorned.  Staff very professional.  Prices are pretty high.  But at the heart of it beats a BBQ joint.  Here's the deal:  The salad bar is awesome.  All of the various extras they bring by your table, delicious.  Having said that, only a fool partakes in those features of this restaurant.  This is all you can eat meat, off a skewer, and when the gauchos come by carving off every type of meat imaginable, you better not have filled up on fluff!  You can get all that other stuff at a million restaurants.  But you cannot get meat like this anywhere else.

            The meat is so simply prepared, just heat and salt used as ingredients.  But don't let that fool you into thinking it's boring.  While I admit, I am a sauce man.  Love all kinds and love it all over my BBQ, no matter what kind of meat.  This meat is of superior quality, and so there is very little needed to be done to it to make it taste fantastic.  Look, I can go on and on about the tasty virtues of their perfectly cooked meats.  All you need to know is say yes to every hunk of protein brought by on a sword until you are ready to burst.  Then force down the Creme Brulee, it really is pretty damn good!
What a great place. Been here twice and thought both times were great. I have to say better this time than last though.
  Was sat right away. Starts with this awesome salad bar that has this enormous wheel or parmesan cheese. You flip your red card to green and holy moly! People seem to come from left and right serving you dinfferent kinds of meat, different cuts of meat and different prepared meats. They keep doing this round and round until you turn your card back to red. You can flip it back and forth all night. They also bring out side which consist of garlic mashed potatoes, fried bananas, fried polenta with parmesan cheese and cheese popovers all night long. Also at your request they have 3 dipping sauces for the meats. 1 a chimchurry, 2 and house made hot sauce and 3rd a horseradish sauce. All very good. For dessert we order both the chocolate mousse and the tree leches cakes to take home. Both were.very good.
   The service was probably the best I have ever had. The entire wait team work together. 1 picks up your plate and within seconds you.have a new one. Same with refills and seconds. This is a place that you never wait on them, they truly wait on you. They are on the pricey side, around 50 smackers for 1 person, so I wouldn't come here every day. But man between the food and the service, it is well worth it
I came to Fogo de Chao because my fiance was given a gift certificate. We had enough money for 2 dinners. I found the place to be kind of a meat over-load. The side orders they bring out were kind of bland- the mashed potatoes tasted like they were from a box. The corn bread was ok. I wasn't a fan of the plantanes. The meats were good, but how much meat can you eat? My favorite item was the bacon wrapped chicken, but could I eat 50.00 worth of chicken? No. The salad bar was nice, and I thought the cold meats and cheeses there were a nice touch, but really hard to eat that much food in one sitting. The concept is novel- carving of the meat from the giant knives at table side though!
For meatatarians! Wow, bring on the beef. From chicken legs to lamb this place serves you as much meat as you can handle and then some.

Everyone is given a coaster like deal that is red on one side for stop, and green on the other for go! The servers will continue to come to your table as long as the green side is up. I believe I have tried all their cuts of beef, but my fav is the house beef. So tasty and mouthwatering. The salad bar is full of delicious options: salmon, brie, chicken salad....etc. The side dishes are also great: mashed potatoes, this awesome little bread, and plantains.

The desserts are delicious!
For my Very First Review, I wanted to do a no brain-er. 

This is by far the best restaurant I've ever been to. If you Love beef, you will love this place. At about $50 per person it is pricey but the beef has awesome flavor and it's all you can eat so get your grub on. 

If you Vegetarian, you can get just the salad bar and it is still incredible. I can't give this place enough stars since it is the only restaurant that easily pleases both Carnivores and vegetarians! 

I've been to this location several times and each time the food has been amazing. The truly greatest thing about this place is the consistency. Each time we have gone the service, food and experience has been the same. Amazing. 

My personal Favorite is the House special. It has great flavor and is mouthwatering. The lamb is also great. each cut is great in it's own unique way. If you like well done or rare, ask the server and they will ensure you get it. Believe me you won't regret trying this place.
Last Saturday night the hubby & I had a date night & I picked Fogo de Chao for dinner. I made reservations for 8, but we were running very late so I called & asked if we could push it back to 9 & they were very accommodating. 

When we finally arrived we were immediately seated in the full dining room. Our server gave us the break down of how they operate here & told us we could get started at the salad bar. We each got a plateful of yummy veggies, cured meats & cheeses. Our favs from the salad bar were: parmesan & manchego cheeses, prosciutto, artichokes, salami, asparagus & mushrooms. After that we flipped our cards to the green side & a slew of meats were presented. We tried 2 or 3 at a time, then flipped to the red side to sample & then flipped back to green when we were ready for more (you'll understand what red & green means when you go!). We tried 10 different meats & our top 4 favs were: picanha-top sirloin (their signature steak), cordeiro-lamb legs & chops & beef ancho-rib eye. Included with the endless meat options are 3 side dishes: polenta, garlic mashed potatoes & caramelized bananas, you also receive a basket of po de queijo-cheese bread. The sides were just ok, the potatoes were the best, but that cheese bread was so yummy! 

Total for everything including drinks (no cocktails) but not including tip was $107. Not cheap, but considering the amount of food you could possibly get, it's worth it! Not a place I would go to regularly, but it's definitely worth checking out, especially if you are a meat lover!
A quick FYI: This coming week for Restaurant Week they will be offering dinner for $40 per person...a great deal!

I love LOVE this place! I love the wide selection of their Salad Bar and Meats. I also LOVE their desserts!
OMG best Brazilian steakhouse ever! Don't walk, RUN to this restaurant. An absolute must have! The salad bar is delicious, but it is really about the meat. *Sigh* the meat selection is not only great, but some of the best meat I have ever had. Their signature drink is amazing. The service was great! You will not be disappointed!
Great service.  Tasty food.  I like it for lunch because later, I can skip dinner.  Their salad bar satisfies the vegetarian taste buds.  I like this place alot.  I think it lives up to the hype.
LISTEN CLOSELY FELLOW YELPERS.....

THIS 3 STAR RATING IS SPECIFICALLY FOR MY VISIT FOR LUNCH ON Fri, 9/30. I am originally from Chicago and we have multiple Churrasscos in our area and I frequent Fogo the most and always give them 5 stars but today meats were bland, service was slow and they just didn't seem to have that feel. 

In a nutshell:
Meats were bland except for Garlic Beef and Bottom Sirloin
Salad Bar was great as always
Restaurant was clean and appeared relatively new. 

I would love to give them a higher rating but I'll leave it for Chicago!
Even if your not a meat-eating machine this place has an A-M-A-Z-I-N-G salad bar with top notch ingredients and cheeses and everything your little heart could desire. The important thing to remember when you go is to make sure you go hungry because it can be a little pricey so you want to get your moneys worth of food.

I had been wanting to go here and my work held a business dinner there which allowed me to make it happen. We had a private room in the back which was really nice - made it feel like we were in our own restaurant almost. The staff was so attentive and I love the green means go and red means stop cards you get to show if you want more meat or not. I would forget to turn mine over to red and before I knew it I had every type of meat on my plate. 

They were delicious, but I feel like you always end up overeating at this place.
Meat meat meat!

This place is perfect for a fatty like me.  All I do is sit there, flip the card to green, and my plate just fills up with MEAT!  

The food here is delicious,  the last time I was here,  I was pregnant and I didn't feel right leaving a review because everything I ate had to be burned.  This time around,  I asked for medium rare everything and it was DELICIOUS.  I had expected the meat to be salty, but it wasn't salty at all.  

The meat sliced through so easily,  the flavor was awesome,  and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the garlic beef!  I also got a little bit of their basil salad dressing and dipped a few pieces of meat into it, and oh man, it was heaven.

Speaking of salad dressing, their salad bar is one of the best I've had.   I love their tomatoes, their cheeses, their salmon, their salads, and the basil salad dressing is a must have.

Don't eat the chicken, it's dry, and that is all :)

I would definitely recommend this place.
5 Things 

1. if you're on a high protein diet - Go Here!~
2. No prices - rule of thumb.. if you have to ask - you can't afford it. No joke this place for 2 people is an easy $200
3. It's fun.. almost like a game. You have a card which you flip over when you want them to bring you more meat and back over when you don't.
4. Go here if you're starving otherwise you're not going to eat your money's worth.
5. Caipirinha - Don't be fooled it is no mojito.. it will knock you on your ass it's painfully strong..but you can power through it, It's not very sweet, it's actually kinda awful.lol
if u can afford this food than you know why most people have given this place five stars i also went to the one in Austin Texas OMG!! sooo good i will and have already returned to this place many times
Love.  This.  Place.

It is not cheap and I'm pretty sure I had a mild heart attack from all the fat and sodium I ingested; but oh so worth it.  Not the best cuts of meat and some pieces are a bit fatty but this is pretty much a meat lovers paradise.  I went here as part of a ginormous 30-person party and everything went pretty smoothly considering our group's size.  The staff was very professional and tried to keep everything straight even though things got a little bit hectic.

Can't wait to return.
meatloaf...smeatloaf...double beatloaf...i HATE meatloaf
I've been to several Brazilian places before. The food was excellent. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because they didn't have any "exotic" meats. Also the salad & side selections  had fewer selections compared to other Brazilian places I've been to around the country. Other  Brazilian places I have been too have had everything from Ostrich to Antelope as part of the meat selections. This place had beef,pork,chicken and lamb in various cuts. The deserts were excellent too, but not included in the cost for the meal. Deserts were just under $10 each. Everything served here was excellent. Plan on spending about $60 per person if you want desert. The staff was polite and efficient. The atmosphere was good too. I would definitely go back again.
The food was ok. The salad bar was nice and the service was great but  the food was just ok. The desert part was better I had the tres leches and I really enjoyed it.
Ok, I'll say this up front, I don't like chains.  There are just far too many awesome restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale to go to a chain.

That being said, this place is amazing and the quality and consistency here is unreal.  Yes, it "seems" expensive but once you've eaten here you'll realize that you are absolutely getting your moneys worth.

So much awesome unlimited red meat.

Don't let them trick you with the salad bar!  It's killer but don't fill up!  And don't be ashamed to leave your flipper thing on GREEN, the sign of meat greed. hahahahaha.

Lastly, try the Tres Leches and the Key Lime Pie, out of this world.
I love this place! You know when its good when even Brazilians go to this place to eat. If you are a big meat lover, this is your spot. Its pricey but well worth it!
This restaurant is the essence of Brasil, the last time I felt this at home, was when I was playing soccer next to the favelas.  Also go to the bar and order some acai liquor, it's a little pricey but it's worth it. $10 a shot.
The food is very good they slice the meat tableside. I wish I could eat more red meat but my stomach only allows so much before I feel sick. It cost around $110 dollars including tip and tax.  It was kinda of pricey! I did go here for New Years Eve and it was soooooo busy I could barely make it to the salad bar. The service was very good and im not sure if I would eat here again.!!
This place is awesome. This is the first Fogo I've been to, but I've spent some time in Brazil and have had "real" BBQ. As with most Brazilian BBQ places, the strategy is to stay away from the salad bar and just load up on meat. Having said that, their salad bar is very fresh and is loaded with some pretty interesting items. The asparagus was cooked perfectly (something I need with beef for some reason). 

One of the drawbacks from places like this is overcooked meat. I prefer Medium rare to rare for high quality beef and the servers are more than willing to find you steaks that are cooked to your liking. You're not going to get anything too exotic to choose from like you would in Brazil...i.e...chicken hearts, but it's a nice place in a convenient location. Of course this is in Scottsdale, so you know it's more upscale than it probably needs to be, and that's fine with me.
Great food and lots of it!  Service was awesome!  Come hungry!  May not be the best for kids as our daughter did not enjoy the variety like us.
I have been to a few different Brazilian steak houses before, but this was my first time here.  We went to celebrate a couple birthdays with a group of 8 people. 
The service and atmosphere is what earned both stars. The only complaint in this department was when I went to the rest room, a service tray was leaning against the wall less than a foot from the urinal. Pretty gross for a crappy diner let alone a nice evening out. 
The food was not worth the cost at all. All meats, except the sirloin, were way over cooked. The carver would ask how you would like the meat cooked, and we quickly learned your response did not matter. Dry and well done was what you got. My wife is pregnant so only soda for her, and one glass of wine for me. $148 total including a 20%tip. Not worth it at all. I will not return, and recommend looking elsewhere for a good Brazilian steakhouse.
Service,food and salad bar was great!!! All meats where great, but my family was all in agreement the pork ribs where HORRIBLE!!
Great food, Great Service.  The lamb was the best.  Great salad bar, but don't fill up on it.  All servers had a smile.  I will be back.  This is a great place.
If you have never eaten at a Brazilian churrascaria this place is a pretty good representation of one. Word to the wise...... get ready for a mass intake of meat products. 

The menu here is non existent. You sit down, order some beverages, and get down and dirty. The salad bar here is definitely above par for the course (to all of you golfers: the salad bar just shot a 69 at Augusta). I think it had thirty five or so items to excite the palate. Now don't fill up with all of that rabbit food because the next stop is protein town, population you.
In my mind I said "bring on the beef!" I think that message was picked up subliminally by every waiter in the joint. The moment I was done with my salad our table was surrounded by beautiful glistening beef, lamb, chicken, even a little pork. I made the fatal mistake of thinking I could  try a little of everything. At the end of the meal I was so overloaded with meat products I almost passed out at the table. The quality of the meat and flavors was top notch and highly recommended. 
I guess I should also note the service was fantastic. All of the meats are made to order. The lamb was a little over done for my taste and they had a fresh skewer of rare meat out in a flash. All of the drinks were full and the house had a pretty good wine selection.
If you have not yet been to this place and have any sort of respect for being a carnivore, get yourself to FOGO ASAP. I don't think it's possible for anyone to leave this place disappointed. Even a vegetarian would enjoy the wonderful all you can eat salad bar, however if you are trying Fogo for the first time, do not make the rookie mistake and go crazy when they turn you loose on the salad bar. Save every inch of stomach space for the Unlimited amount of 15 different kind of meats that you will be consuming.  So go lithe on that salad bar if you must, turn that card over to green and let the glorious amount of meats be carved right onto your plate. The three side dishes they bring you are delish don't get me wrong, partake in those, but don't go crazy, it's ALL about the meat.   The only think this place could do better was create a separate bathroom to purge so your stomach could hold more meat. 

Fogo is pricey, 47 dollars  a head for unlimited food, so if you aren't hungry don't waste your money. They will tell you about their house specialty mojito. It is quite delicious but do beware its 12 dollars and that's not advertised.  Do yourself a favor, if it's a special occasion or your just looking to treat yourself to a great meal, GO HERE. PLEASE. You've earned it. Afterwards  the amount of meat and food you consume, you may feel that you disrespected all the starving people in the world. YES you did. But damnit its worth it.
For the 40$ a head you pay for all the meat and salad you can eat, this is a heaven for a 20 year old guy!! I have been coming to this location for a few years now during birthdays and special occasions with family. One thing I have voiced is how the employees have remained the same throughout the years! 
Since working in the reasturant for about 3 years I have witnessed constant overturn at my job, but Fogo has kept the same hard working people hustling and bustling to please the customers needs. This also falls on management! Employees enjoy being there, whenever that happens, food will have more love and quality to it. 

All in all I love going to Fogo for the culture I feel I am absorbing by talking with the staff and indulging in the food.
This is a place that after you eat here; you put your craving to meat on hold for sometime.
It has really nice selection if meat, I am a big fan of lamb and I got plenty :)
Pros: lots of meat, salad, ambiance
Cons: the meat is extremely salty, I thought I will get an hearth attack :)
2 people with 2 martinis we paid roughly 120$ so a bit pricey :)
Admittedly, I'm not a huge meat eater. At Brazilian Steakhouses, I gorge on the cheesy bread things, mashed potatoes and plantains (and, in Vegas, a pitcher of sangria). This the only Fogo de Chao location I've visited. I'm thrilled that they are open for lunch. I sometimes meet my hubby there (now, he IS a carnivore and makes up for me not eating much meat). It's not crowded, service and food selection are still great, and it's cheaper. Also, kids 5 and under are free. Unfortunately for them, my four year old eats everything. She's in heaven here.

I still think I prefer Texas de Brazil b/c their plantains and potatoes are better. But, Fogo de Chao has palenta. The salad bar area and meats are about equal. 

I did notice that the meats are cooked more than some of the other Brazilian steakhouses. More medium-well. The bacon-wrapped filet was great!
First off...they're getting one star for cheesy bread.  That's it.  Horrible service tonight for our group.  

Where do I begin.  Took 15 minutes to receive our bottle of wine along with another 10 minute wait for our bottle of water.   Meats were tasty for about the 15 minutes when we received them.  After that the meats stopped coming around even though our cards were up on green.  The meat jockey's were still walking around but seemed to ignore our table.  The table next to us also received the "salad bar" treatment.  

Really disappointed in the service as I had been waiting for this dining experience for a few weeks now.  Decided while waiting twenty minutes for the check that I will probably not return.
Maybe because it was Valentine's Day night and it was busy... but unfortunately, I'd have to say this place is OVERRATED.

Good thing about this place is that the restaurant is located in a nice upscale area and is easily visible from the main road.  Fancy decor and high class environment.  People understand that it is upscale so for the most part everyone is dressed up.  Good ambiance for a romantic dinner.  

For the food, you're paying $50 for each person for a salad bar and unlimited meat.  Now the food wasn't bad at all.  Everything at the salad bar tasted good and it was all fresh.  The meats portion really depends on how much of the different choices you like.  Being that it was my first time, I wanted to really experience what they had to offer and get a little bit of everything.  Problem with that... everything wasn't great.   I would have rather ordered a dish that i preferred and got full off that.  But instead i ate a mixture of things that liked and things that I don't really care to try again.  At the end of the day, none of the different cuts wow'ed me.  

The reason I'm giving this such a bad review was the service.  Again, I'm sure it was because it was Valentine's Day but It was just horrible!  Servers come to tables with the different meat randomly and there were times where everyone had empty plates and it took a while for another server to come.  Also, some of the meat never came to our table so we had to ask for them towards the end of the meal.  At the end of the meal, they brought out our dessert twice and forgot the hot tea.  Different waiters were asking if we needed anything, but they would forget about it.  They just didn't seem organized.  Finally, we had to wait over 30 minutes for our bill.  They did apologize for it because their "system was down."  Finally, we got a bill and noticed that the 2 beers we ordered and the dessert wasn't on there.  I thought that was a nice gesture to compensate for the wait.  However, a couple of minutes later another waiter comes and tells us that we received the wrong bill!  He then gives us the correct one with everything on it.  I'm not complaining that we had to pay for what we got, but that just made them look so bad.

Ultimately, if I make reservations at a restaurant, come dressed up, and I'm paying $50/person for a so-so meal, they better be on point when it comes to customer service.  Our servers knew that it was our first time there and they did nothing for us that would make us want to come back.
This place is very expensive, but you get your moneys worth.  I was actually taken here as a guest of my aunt and her husband and I felt very guilty because even though I do eat meat, I feel like I did not eat enough to make it worth it to bring me.  

The salad bar is amazing.  Its top of the line food including mozzarella balls as big as a child's fist. The thing is, if you are there to eat meat, then don't fill up here as the big show is next.  

You get coasters that on one side are red, the other side is green.  Think of a stop light, red is stop, green is go.  Men with spits of meat will walk around and ask you if you would like a cut of what they are serving.  There is beef, pork, lamb, chicken, and sauages walking around.  As long as you are flipped to green, they will keep coming.  

When you are finally done with all that meat and you somehow amazingly have more room, then totally go for the desserts.  They are out of this world.  I got the tres leche cake.  So amazing.  Along with the pinot noir we got, this was a very decadent meal.
**** My 200th Review! ****

Fogo de Chao I believe loosely translates to "Meat Tornado". I was warned by a friend not to fill up on the salad bar and starchy side dishes before the carnivorous category F5 engulfed the table in a dizzying barrage of beef, lamb, chicken, and pork.  

There are 16 different types of meat brought to your plate. You can control the flow of the meat parade by using a little stop-n-go coaster, but who wants to stop the meat parade?

Highlights for me were: anything lamb, bacon wrapped chicken, the garlic beef, and the mashed potato side dish (seriously good). 

Lowlights for me were: the sirloins, the pork sausage, the corn fritter things, and the emptiness of salad-type salad bar options. 

The staff were top notch, even for a bunch of younger dudes, they communicated well and were very professional. Well done sirs. We had an excellent wine pairing. They brought out a nice desert for our birthday girl and everyone left a little more swollen than when they came in. On a side note, go to the salad bar last, what my friend called "the pusher" and steer clear of their bathrooms unless you want to hear guttural sounds the likes of which you can never un-hear.
From a comparison point of view, this restaurant is not in the same league as the Fogo in Las Vegas. The quality of the food was true to Fago's high standards but the service was over-the-top-annoying. There was way too much "is everything ok?" to the point of interrupting our meal and conversation. I had to tell them that we would let them know if everything wasn't okay and to allow us to enjoy our meal. Seriously, at one point I was asked "how is everything?" twice while chewing the same piece of meat!

In my world, along with food quality, dining service is equally important, if not more-so. This Fago must define it good service differently.
Eating at Fogo De Chao is a great experience as long as you enjoy talking to the wait staff constantly. The valet took our car; we entered only to be seated right away in a large grand dining room surrounded by tables and a giant top shelf salad bar. We took our seat at a little two top and immediately we were greeted by one of our several servers throughout the meal with a small green and red disk. After a quick lesson from one of the 20 or so social waiters and waitresses wandering around, we started our dining experience. 

VEGETARIANS NEED NOT APPLY

This place is fantastic with the selections of beef, pork and chicken that are brought to your table as soon as that little disk is turned to green. When your plate is full and you want to eat, just flip it over and enjoy your meal. 

The ambiance is a little generic big restaurant, but totally worth the visit if you really like to eat meat. Price is ok, but I personally don't have a problem with a 40-50 dollar per plate meal considering all the variety of samplings made available by this Brazilian churrascaria. Sometimes more is less and sometimes you just want to sample multiple dishes, well at Fogo De Chao you can eat as much or as little of many different styles and kinds of meat of your choosing. 

The only real problem with this restaurant is since there appears to be no sections for individual wait staff, you do, get a little harassed by the wait staff trying to do their job and asking you if "you're ok". This is a problem I can deal with for such a fantastically filling eating experience.

BE WARNED, WEAR LOSE PANTS
Best place ever. Plus kids eat free. Meat and more Meat!! My husband loved it. So good.
Valentine's Day and what can be better than a wonderful night out with my beautiful wife!  We booked reservations at Fogo de Chao and were looking forward to a wonderful evening.  We arrive promptly for our reservation and were warmly greeted by a 20 minute wait standing in an overcrowded lobby.  We overheard the hostess tell another patron that Fogo was running behind because people were taking longer than expected to eat.  I guess they did not account for folks actually wanting to enjoy their meal and their conversation on Valentine's Day.  

We were taken to our table and our waiters greeted us with "Man, I am tired, can't wait until by shift ends."   - Sorry for the inconvenience.  We will try not to ask too much of you. -  Well, I think he read my thoughts because we went to the salad bar and returned to find that we still did not have our drinks, including water, or forks.  We did a quick check to see in anyone else was eating with their hands as part of the cultural experience.  But, they had forks and water, so we waited.  And waited... Finally, we flagged down a meat chef who kindly gave use the equipment necessary to begin our meal.  

The food was average.  The steaks were great, but the lamb was gamey and the chicken was average and a bit dry.   The rolls were beautifully prepared and had an interesting texture.  

We were invited to try their dessert, but decided that we did not want to overstay our welcome.  So we politely asked for our check and waited.... We did pass the time watching the waiters flip through the bills from other customers evaluating their tips like the IRS agents checking tax returns.  

To be serious for a moment, for the price of this restaurant, we expected a more classic dining experience with a professional, attentive wait staff, etc. However, it may have just been a over overcrowded since it was Valentine's Day.   Yet, that is exactly why we picked this establishment in the first place....
I really wanted to give Fogo De Chao 5 stars. Their food is amazing. I have been 3 times, and 2 of the 3 times were perfect. 

Fogo De Chao is certainly an experience, you start off with the salad bar, which is no where near your typical Jell-o salad bar. They have smoked salmon, and their fresh Parmesan cheese wheel is extremely unique for most places.

The meat selection is not only good, the taste is out of this world. The service for the most part is phenomenal you never have to ask for anything.

Now having said that, my husband and I went to Fogo for Valentine's day. We had reservations, and I understood that we would be waiting. It was more the fact that they had probably about 50, 2 person tables crammed into one of their big rooms to the point that you could not pull your chair out to get up from your table without being in someone elses lap, and forget about getting the meat selection you want if you were in the corner, which we were. Half of the gauchos completely ignored our corner. 

It was less then to be desired.

Pros: Fantastic Food and atmosphere (non holiday)

Cons: Holiday planning on their part. Just don't go.
Place is pretty good. First time going and was bombarded with steak, if you don't take it easily...you et full within minutes
A friend of mine recently invited us to join for his birthday dinner at Fogo. My initial thought was "what am I going to be able to eat here?!"  but was assured that their salad bar was "banging".  So, alas we arrive and the woman and I hit up the bar while we waited for our peeps.  She got a really great dark beer and I tried to go outside of the box and ordered a melon martini.  It was terrible, but I didn't want to send it back cause it was kind of my own fault.  The bartender, however, noticed my full glass and asked if there was something else he could get for me.  Thank you sir!!!  I got a glass of Malbec instead, and it was great.  Our friends arrived, and we were seated.  It was like a whirlwind of craziness after.  Our server twirled on over and explained super fast how the place worked and what it was all about.  He went around asking what we all wanted to drink, and when he got to my lady, he called her sir...annoying.  She clearly is a woman.  Whatev, stuff happens sometimes when you're high on meat fumes.  After he was done with our drink order, we all got up to grab some salad.  Now, I know that this place is a meat house, but if you're gonna charge me 23 bones for my salad bar, please, make it great!  I grabbed some lettuce and started walking around to see what else I wanted.  There were these huge asparagus piled high, so I grabbed a few.  Then I grabbed some green beans, huge beet slices and broccoli, too.  I went to the dressings and was kind of disappointed.  There were ranch, caesar, and what looked and tasted like zesty Italian from Kraft. Boo.  Everything looked really good, but nothing was seasoned at all.  I mean, I appreciate being given the option to season my own items, but plain bland everything?  I want some flavor people!  

Once seated, meat on sticks came from every direction.  It's kind of funny to watch.  Two of my dining companions ordered limeades, and no joke, had to ask for refills from multiple people (at least four times!) before someone came by with a pitcher.  

The boyfriend of the birthday boy decided to propose that evening, and asked them to please bring the ring out on the dessert plate, and they did so very well.  I'll give them a star for that.  It was cute and sweet, both literally and figuratively.  I just ordered an after dinner coffee for my dessert, and everyone seemed please with their treats.

Ugh, then when it came time to pay, we decided that I would put $100 on my card and the rest was in cash.  When someone FINALLY came by to pick up the bill, I explained this.  He looked very confused. So, I repeated "Just 100 on the card and the rest cash." Simple enough, right?  Not so much.  It literally took about ten minutes for someone else to bring our monies back and when they did, the guy used all the cash and put the remainder of $61 on my card (I'm just glad is wasn't more than what I asked him to put on)...but still, I serve bro! It's not hard to do!

I was completely underwhelmed by my experience here and do not plan on returning.  At least I won't suffer from any meat sweats.

NEXT!
Love it! They have a great salad bar...but make sure not to eat too much here because the meat is the best part. The meat was endless. My favorite was the bacon wrapped filet. The ambiance here is nice as well.
We were so disappointed!  We were on vacation in Scottsdale and wanted to try a Brazilian restaurant.  It was nothing like the one we have had home.  Actually it was completely worse than all three Brazilian steakhouses we have close to home.  I tried about 12 different meats and I think there were only 2 out of the 12 that were tender.  The rest were over cooked or hard as a rock.  We really wanted to love this place as I kept trying more and more of the meats as they came around hoping the next one would be better.  Besides being hard, the meats didn't have much flavor.  The salad bar was okay and I don't know that I would even pay the cheaper price to just eat from their salad bar.  This is sad that I have to say the highlight or our meal was the fresh bread and salami slice you get at the salad bar.  :(
Note to self: fancy place, not the greatest restaurant to take your 14 mo old on a whim and  you and your hubby are wearing casual wear.  With that said, even though we looked out of place, we still had a great time and the service was excellent!

We never get our money's worth in these type of churrasco restaurants because neither my husband nor I can pack it in.  However, the meats were delicious and their appetizer/salad spread was yummy, too!!  I love hearts of palm and mushrooms so this was right up my alley but they also had "normal" stuff too like potato salads and regular salads and the like.

Great place for a date, especially if you want to impress.  You can go in there in casual wear, too, as we did, but it is more of an upscale type establishment.

Enjoy!
From start to finish this was the best experience! The wait staff was so friendly and fast. We were discussing my birthday, and they brought me a special dessert just to be sweet. The food was incredible and didn't all have the same smokey flavor (most brazilian steakhouses have the same taste). The buffet and sides were perfect, and complimented the wonderful food. The money is well worth it, I would pay that every day to receive that kind of service. I love this place, and I recommend it for any occasion.
Meat Heaven.  This place is phenomenal.  A good spot for special occasions.  This is definitely a restaurant to be enjoyed in moderation.  Quarterly is my limit.  I always need about three months to recover from the meat coma.  

The salad bar is perfect for anyone in your party that doesn't want meat.  The service is always fantastic and you never have to wait for one individual to get back to you.  Servers and Gauchos are always attentive.
Amazing.

Fogo de chao is nothing short of out of this world. It is expensive, but as soon as you start, you'll know exactly where that money went.
Seriously. Try it.
Definitely not for vegetarians!  At Fogo you eat meat, on top of meat, and then more meat.  But not only is the food excellent, the experience is fun as well.  It's on the fancier side and definitely expensive, but it's great for special occasions or to treat yourself occasionally.  I loved the parmesan crusted pork, the linguisa, and the sirloin was very good too.  I was surprised that the bacon wrapped filet was very fatty but overall the quality of the meat was amazing.  The salad bar was very fresh and tasty and the tres leches cake for dessert is definitely one to try.
Expensive, and worth every last penny! Compare it to other steakhouses (Capital Grill, City Hall, Durant's, etc) and you're spending less and still getting way more for your money. Where else are you going to be able to try 16 different cuts of steak, lamb, chicken, and pork at the simple flip of a coaster? 

Don't overdo it on the salad bar, it's tempting, but save as much room as possible for the barrage of meat you're about to endure! My favorites are anything lamb,  the bacon wrapped filet, and the parmesan encrusted pork medallions!

They have a very impressive wine list and always have a few bottles on special at a deep discount!

And last but not least, the service is impeccable! Servers and hosts everywhere, ready to suit any needs, whether it's refreshing your wine glass, chasing down a particular meat for you, or preparing an amazing desert to surprise you for your anniversary (thanks again Thomas), these guys do it all!!
I've been to several Brazilian Steakhouses in and out of the USA and this was definitely the best. The food and service are both amazing.
Go very hungry. There is a ton of food. The carvers can be a little snippy when you don't know what you're doing would be my only complaint. Overall great food, the desserts were really excellent.
I had no idea what to expect when I came here, other then copious amounts of meat. Our server was friendly and very helpful in explaining how the restaurant worked. They weren't kidding--when you turn the coaster over to green it gets INTENSE. Everything that touched my plate was AMAZING, with my favorites being the filet wrapped in bacon, parmesan crusted pork, and bacon wrapped chicken.

In the future, I now know to come HUNGRY. I filled up quickly, especially on the little (but delicious) cheese popovers on the table that they JUST KEEP REFILLING. There is a HUGE salad bar (to maybe alleviate the guilt of eating so much meat), but I ended up fast forwarding thru that to get to the good stuff.

My boyfriend ordered me a caipirinha (Brazil's signature drink) with pineapple and strawberries mixed in. Sweet, but very good. 

Overall, Fogo de Chao was different then any other restaurant I've been too and I will definitely be returning.
What a wonderful experience! Yes it was pricey, but oh was it yummy! All the servers bustling around you are continuously bring you more and more food. More then you one person can consume! The salad bar was unbelievably stocked with delicious things, several kinds of delicious cheeses, cured meats and veggies! When you sit back down and they start bringing you meat it is almost overwhelming. This is how meat should always be served, one hot mouthwatering piece at a time. Our plates were never empty. Then they bring out the cheese popovers, friend bananas, creamy mashed potatoes and friend polenta! OMG! Everything was fantastic and everyone stuffed themselves to the point we all had the "meat sweats" and waddled out! I will go there for a special treat again and again!!!
For a first time visit the overall experience was great! The meats were cooked well, the choices were good, and the wait staff was courteous and always available.

 My only complaint would be that it seemed that the order in which they brought out the food was from the least expensive to the most... So they wanted you to fill up on the chicken and sirloin before they ever came out with lamb or fillets... which was disappointing - since we are a family of lamb lovers. 

The little sausages & chicken legs were gamey. Other than that the seasoning & flavors were great and the char cooking was tasty. 

The salad bar is amazing, with a huge selection of fresh fruits, veggies, salads, and other items like smoked salmon and proscuitto... fresh motzarella... mouthwatering as a meal in itself. 

Overall I loved it and would go back in a snap!
I often tell people that I'm a meat-atarian, in which case, you could basically call Fogo de Chao a magical paradise for me! This was my first visit here during AZ Restaurant Week (everything was the same on the menu - no prix fixe - it was just cheaper than it typically is by about $10). 
I made it my personal mission to try all of the meats on the menu and I was so close! I just missed one.. the bacon wrapped filet. I'll admit that by the end of the meal, I felt defeated and could not muster enough energy to ask the waiter to send over a guy with the bacon wrapped filet. I am okay though. I am proud to say I tried every other meat including the pork, lamb and chicken, not just the beef steaks! 
If you don't want to get meats, you can pay about $20-something for just the salad bar. At first before going there, I thought it would be a rip off to just pay for the salad bar, but once I saw it in person, I said, "Now I get it!" The salad bar is loaded! There was sliced deli meats, smoked salmon, chicken salads in addition to cheeses, vegetables, and of course salads themselves. If you are a true meat-atarian as one of my husband's friends is, he warned us to stay far away from the salad bar. He told us, "That is just a distraction" that fools you into getting full before the meat cuts are served. It's a pretty simple concept. Turn that coaster green and you're in meat heaven. The waiters start hovering around your table with so many choices of meats, and you just keep saying, "Yes, I'll try that" over and over again no matter what your stomach's limit is. When I went there with my in-laws, I specificially told them, "Do not eat all day," because I wanted them to be prepared for the smorgasboard. 
I liked the setting too. The huge room was classy yet the atmosphere felt casual. You didn't have to dress overly fancy to eat here. I felt you could still be comfortable and wear stretchy clothes if you wanted to.. You know, to fit all that food in to get your money's worth. I guess my only slight complaint was that even though I asked for alot of meats to be served medium rare - they came out as medium and medium well on alot of meats. The sirloin and lamb cuts I received were perfectly medium rare but my filet each time was on the medium well side. I didn't want to waste the meat I had though in hopes of another one after the waiter had already served me the one I had. Should I have said something? I really don't know.. I'll just be more assertive about looking for a cut that's more medium rare next time, because I'm definitely going back!
My husband was playing in a hockey tournament this past Memorial Day weekend in Scottsdale. He asked me to look up a nice restaurant so we could have a group dinner. Fortunately for us, Fogo was participating in Restaurant Week AND was able to accommodate our large party of 14, YAY!! 

I've dined at their LA location before and I've enjoyed every meal. So when I heard they were offering $40/pp during RW PLUS a free dessert (normally $48/pp and no dessert), it was too good to pass up. 

Everyone enjoyed their meal and we probably spent an hour just lounging around to digest. The service was great, no complaints here!
Three words can pretty much sum up our visit, Delicious meat coma. The sides were pretty tasty too!
Holy moly.  I had lunch there today.  I'm still full.  Guys dressed as gauchos come around with skewers of beef chicken and sausage... Oh and lamb.   It's a carnivorous delight. Basically all you can eat for 26 dollars so if you go, go hungry and plan to pace yourself and stay awhile. Atmosphere and service were good, dark woods, tall ceilings, crisp white linens.  Friendly and inviting staff works as a team in the table service. The gaucho outfits gave me a chuckle but to each their own the beef is good the lamb was superb and there is a salad bar ( that is also all you can handle at lunch) which was well stocked and included three different types of cheese.   No draft beer, but I did try the Brazilian black beer and it was tasty. Enjoy.   If you are a carnivore or omnivore and you like yourself... Eat here once before you shrug off this mortal coil... Or however Shakespeare said that.  ( always was better at math than English)
This place has to be by far one of my favorites! The different types of meat are all great. You get great service and a good variety of meats. 16 different cuts!! Not to mention you also get to try the salad bar which has the best fresh salad that's all you can eat. Let's just say you'll definitely be full afterwards. If you're a meat lover like me  this place will be your heaven! :)
Incredible as usual. Meats were seasoned and cooked to perfection, expensive yes, but worth every penny. The wait staff is spot on and attend to your every need.
Very fun and delicious.
WOW!  This is my first 5-star review for a restaurant.  I believe that 5th star should be held for something really special that made a place stand out.  Fogo did that for me last night.  We wanted to go to a Churrascaria for our anniversary, and being the good Yelper that I am, I read the reviews for Fogo and "the other one" which is a couple of miles from my house.  Decided, based on Yelp, to make the drive to Scottsdale.  Great decision.  I made reservations online and noted that it was my anniversary.  Got there and was seated promptly.  Since it was our first time there we got the run down on the coaster signals and the wine specials and then we were off to the salad bar.  The salad bar was good.  Not particularly large, but the selections were not your ordinary salad fair.  It had fresh mozzarella, blocks of Parmesan to shave, salmon, marinated mushrooms, asparagus.  Just great, fresh stuff of which I tried not to over do because of the meat fest I was saving myself for.  That's where the fun begins.  As soon as we flipped our coaster to green...BAM...meat was at our table in 2 seconds.  No joke.  Top sirloin, Parmesan crusted pork loin, pepper crusted lamb, fresh sausages, chicken etc.. Medium rare is medium rare, just the way I like it.  I could go on and on about how well all the meats were cooked.  Tender, juicy, FLAVOR.  For those who do not like a lot of pepper, stay away from the lamb as it is definitely pepper crusted.  I personally couldn't get enough.  Not seeing the meat you want?  Just ask a Gaucho and it will be there within minutes. The fried Polenta dusted with Mozzarella was so flippin good, I'm going to have to try it myself.   After going into protein shock I decided I was done.  My wife wanted just a little taste of chocolate mousse if they had it.  They came back with a piece of the most delicious cake I have ever had in my life on a plate that had "Happy Anniversary" drizzled out on the plate..complementary.  That was the 5th star!
The price wasn't that bad, but the drinks are a bit pricey.  Dinner with 3 cocktails was $140.  That is more than worth it for a great atmosphere, friendly servers and Gaucho's, terrific food, and genuine hospitality.  

This is my new go-to place for family, friends, and business colleagues.  Great job!
I have only eaten at one other Brazilian Steakhouse (two if you count the one in Israel...but it was a standard steakhouse...not the Brazilian model where they bring the meat to your table) and this one FAR exceeded the quality of the other. Every thing about it was top notch. Atmosphere...upscale and nice. Salad or food bar (I can't call it a salad bar because it was so much more) was stocked with high quality foods. But, the thing that you go to a Brazilian Steakhouse for is the meat....and the beef could not have been any better. Every cut was flavorful and tender. I just wish I had been hungrier. I went for lunch during their summer special and only paid $25 so at that price the value was excellent.

Only complaint...don't order a soft drink. They come in VERY small bottles (10 oz I think) and they charge $3 each.
I would seriously recommend not eating breakfast if you get the lunch special here. Its pretty affordable at $25. I love the steak and buffet styles sides.
Phenomenal!!!! This was my first Brazilian Steakhouse experience and I'm definitely coming back. Love how it was an upscale restaurant but families were casually dressed so it gives you a relaxing feeling. Great salad/antipasta bar. Love the cheese selection especially the fresh mozzarella. I went back for more smoked salmon after my dinner. I was told there was 19 different types of meat options and I think i tried 15 (an amazing accomplishment in my book)! Dont think for the main course you only get a ish-load of meat. There's sides of mash potatoes, fried bananas and freid polenta served family style. I just loved their cheese puff/dinner rolls. Not overwhelmingly cheesey with enough dough to make it a dinner roll. 

Check out thier extensive wine list. Best way to enjoy a steak dinner is with a great glass of wine. I split a half bottle with a friend :)

Reservations for dinner highly recommneded
My wife and I dined here on 7/19.  What an excellent dining experience.  Started off with the salad bar which was very impressive on it's own.  I had to keep reminding myself not to indulge too much on all the salad bar offerings so that I could try as many meat selections as I could handle.  Once the green light was given, the meat started coming.  All the meat offerings that I tried were excellent except for one, which is the only reason Fogo didn't get five stars from me.  The chicken breast was very dry, although I am sure that this was the exception and not the rule.  The rest of the meal was delicious which more than made up for the chicken breast.  The sides were also excellent and didn't stop coming either.  The service was friendly and attentive but not overwhelming.  We were never left wanting for anything.  And price?  More than fair.  For two dinners, three mixed drinks, a desert and a Bailys coffee it was about $175 with 18% gratuity.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
For $100 I think I'd rather go to Mastro's or another steakhouse. 
Service here was excellent and you definitely get a wide variety of meat options, but I only found two out of the 6+ choices tasty. The lamb leg and the bacon wrapped filet were delicious but the sausages, pork, chicken, pork/beef ribs and even filet mignon were unimpressive. 
The salad bar a $22.50 upcharge wasn't exactly worth the price. Nothing stood out, and there wasn't anything amazing that I went back for seconds for. 
Sides were complimentary, which included fried polenta, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas. They were pretty good, but don't compare to the lobster mash or truffle mac and cheese as Mastro's. 
The ambience is definitely nice and upscale without being stuffy. Plenty of kids running around and guys with backwards facing hats on. This was my first legitimate Brazilian steakhouse experience and I think it will be my last. If  you're looking for variety go to KBBQ and you'll also leave feeling overstuffed, satisfied, and still have an extra $50 in your wallet.
I just recently went here with a group of family and friends. It was a phenomenal experience. The service was excellent, the presentation was beautiful and the food was just superb!

The appetizer and finger food before you start your meal were delicious with no complaints! I loved the smoked salmon! I could eat that all day if I could! There were many varieties of meat that were just so mouth watering and tender. A few examples of these meat were Filet Mignon, Top and Bottom sirloin, Rib Eye, Pork Ribs, and Lamb. To think this is all you can eat as well, you can't go wrong with that! I indulged until I couldn't anymore. I mean when can you have this opportunity to keep eating these dishes with a flat rate of ONLY $40.

The wine was wonderful as well. I got a nice glass of red wine to enjoy with my meat and couldn't find any complaints but enjoyments! The bar also carries a bottle of Louis the XIII!! Now that's the second time I seen the bottle, the first being in Las Vegas, NV. 

I would definitely come here again and recommend this to a friend to try!
My family and I decided to go here for my dad's 60th birthday. I was excited to try a new restaurant. The service was amazing! We had waiters and people with meat coming constantly so bravo on service. The salad bar was good but nothing spectacular for the price. I also didn't enjoy every meat option I had (I had 8 out of 12). I remember the lamb being disappointing. I left the restaurant extremely full but not extremely satisfied. I'm glad I tried it but honestly, this place isn't for me.
I am not sure we will ever go back. My husband and I did not have a pleasant experience. We weren't even offered all the meat they'd told us we'd get and the service was sub-par. I think we'll be spending our $100 at the Houston's across the street rather.
I will keep it short.

Salad bar: Mediocre, not that great. But it's a bbq buffet, it shouldn't matter.
Meat: Some of them were a overcooked, but they were all very delicious. Very responsive when your card is green, which is great because other places make you wait.
They automatically give you fried bananas, mash potatoes and corn bread! They were okay, the bananas were delicious though!
Drinks: a tiny glass bottle of coke is 3 bucks. They don't serve fountain drinks :( 

They had great customer service, and the cuts of meet were good. I will definietly come here during lunch...I don't think it is worth the dinner price though ($40).
This was my first experience with a Brazilian steakhouse and I had a great time. The fresh salad/vegetable bar was very well stocked with a great variety of fruits, vegetables, and Brazilian favorites. The meat selection as they came around was very good, but I couldn't help thinking that I saw sirloin's much more often than the more tender rib selections. Lamb was a once a night occurence, so I walked away full, but thinking I missed out.on some of the better cuts that night. In addition, when we had been there just 45 minutes there was a clear message that it was time to go. I'm not used to that an a fairly expensive restaurant, especially when we're enjoying drinks, but they needed to cycle our table. Would I go back? I think I'll have to try another Brazilian steakhouse and see if I walk away feeling the same.
A place Togo go to once just to try out.  Must be a red meat eater, I'm not but the salad bar was outstanding.
This Place is AMAZING, I felt like a King, eating at my own Banquet.  I'm sure the Ladies as well, could feel like Scarlet O'Hare on her Honeymoon with Rhett. LOL Just truly the most Amazing Dinning expierence I have ever Had. I will treat my self to Fogo de Chao, for any and all of life's celebration's Holiday's, Anniversary's etc...
Be prepared to drop some serious cash.  $60 pp for dinner, drink and dessert.  The desserts are worth skipping, in my opinion.  They were good but not great and after all that meat eating dessert was just a flat out bad idea!  Gluttony on my part, really.  Anyway, the meats were all good and since I eat my beef well done, I frequently get dried out beef.  Not here.  However, when I think about it, I would rather have spent that money in a place with more to offer than meat.  The salad bar was fresh and good, but not amazing.  I didn't even finish my salad plate...it was just ok.  The sides were ok.  I liked it, but probably won't rush back.
I Just went to Fogo de Chao last night for the first time and my experience was excellent!   You have a little coaster for each person and as long as it is on the green side, the wait staff will come to your table offering you delicious meats and sausages.  They won't stop coming until you flip your coaster to red.  Flip it as many times as you want.

They have an incredible salad bar selection to start with anti pasta, smoked salmon, artichoke hearts.. the best of the best!  My favorite meat was the lamb rib eye and rack, but all the meats were excellent!  They come at different temps and you can ask for med-rare, rare, well done.. they have it all!

It is expensive, no lie, especially if you are drinking a glass of their huge selection of wines and they even have an alcohol cart that comes around with the good stuff!  Strawberry cheesecake to share for 3 & we still had leftovers.  It was a great experience, with great food and great service.  Oh.. and KIDS ARE WELCOME! Fancy atmosphere but you can come casual.
Definitely a great experience. Even if the service makes me bring it down a star, the food alone is worth 4 stars. The salad bar is amazing and the meat is tender and savory. If you're not sure about it 'cause of the price, it their lunch mon-thurs. it's about $12 cheaper and is worth the experience.
I was so excited for my first Brazilian experience! 
I couldn't take my eyes off the Churrasco (roasted meat on an open fire) which welcomes you as soon as you enter! 

Taking our seat, we are graciously greeted by our server and informed of our 5 step process for an unforgettable experience:
Step 1: Visit our gourmet salad and sides bar. Enjoy over 30 items including fresh cut vegetables, imported cheeses, cured meats and Brazilian side dishes. 
Step 2: Turn your card green side up, signaling that you are ready for our gaucho chefs to begin tableside service. 
Step 3: Choose from the 15 cuts of delectable fire roasted meats that are brought to your table, sliced, and served by our gaucho chefs. 
Step 4: When you are satisfied, flip the disc to the red side until you are ready for more offerings. 
Step 5: If you wish, end the meal with one of our delicious desserts

The salad bar was impressive! My jaw dropped when I saw the jumbo asparagus and tabbouleh salad! I would have been satisfied with just that, but before I could cover my entire plate with greens, I looked ahead and was the imported cheeses, artisan breads, cured meats!
When we returned, we had po de queijo (warm cheese bread),  polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas waiting for us at our table!  These side dishes were delicious! It was extremely hard not to fill up on the salad bar and sides!

Ready for dinner, we flipped our card to green! The gaucho chefs were a little slow on service but our server was right there to take any request to help speed up the process! I have to be honest, we weren't a fan of most but found 2 of the 10 varieties, the Cordeiro (Leg of Lamb) and Lamb TBone, our favorite! We didn't waste our time and passed on everything else! We had about 4 rounds of the Lamb Leg and TBone! 

My fianc and I were celebrating our anniversary and could not even think about dessert! Our server insisted we order something but just did not have room in our tummy's! He asked us to look at the menu and tell him what we would have ordered if we could, so we told him the Fogo de Cho Signature Papaya Cream.  Along with the check, he presented us a complimentary bag of the papaya cream and wished us a happy anniversary! 

Hopefully all locations provide the same food and experience we have had here in AZ!
One of my top 2 best places I have ever experienced. My girl and I went for our first time last night for my birthday and it was an amazing experience with amazing food choices.  Definitely will be going again!
Went here for restaurant week, and they sure did deliver!

The salad bar was RIDICULOUS- seriously, artichoke hearts, shittake mushrooms, roasted garlic! Holy cow, it was insanely good! Could do without the buffet style, but its restaurant week, so I'll give them a break.

The main course was delicious. When that card is flipped to the green side, beware! They come at you quickly, offering you bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, garlic steak.. So much to choose from! The sausage was wonderful, as was the filet. Order on the rare side, because the steak tends to be over cooked. 

The desert was wonderful, but I was so full that it was quite difficult to finish it! I had the Tres Leches cake, and it definitely blew away my expectations.

Just to note, they have a wonderful wine list, as well as very nice valet in front! Do visit!
OH MY LORD.....


I have found the most amazing steakhouse ever!!!!! Actually to be completely honest and the technicalities of the story is my boyfriend found it.  How he found out, I probably will never find out anyways.

  Back to Thee Food: MIND BLOWING!!!!!!  This place is so good and so worth $40 a plate.  This place makes me want to tell everyone to go for their Birthday so I have a legitimate reason to go soon.  I cannot wait to go back!! the steak is so good I do not need A1 for any slice they put on my plate.  The one thing I did not necessarily care for was the Parmesan crusted pork chop or the bacon wrapped chicken, they were both a little dry for my taste. I was also too absorbed in my delicious steak that I  was too slow to catch the guys running around with the lamb.  Lamb is pretty easy to mess up so you get that gamey type taste in your mouth if you don't marinade it correctly or don't put enough garlic.  So I was interested to see how they made theirs.

You get unlimited sides as well  and bread or whatever those awesome type rolls were. I did not love the mashed potatoes much because I love my own so much more.  The plantains were my favorite and could eat those all day!  The fried polenta was a little weird but not horrible or great. Just Whatever in my opinion.

A definite must go to if you have not been and love meat! You wont be dissapointed!!
Nothing special, great service and lots of meat. The chicken was a little dry and meat was "okay". I'm a beef connoisseur and was not impressed with price of the food compared to the quality and taste of the meat. If I pay $170 for me and the wife to eat dinner (and bottle of wine) I expect to be blown out of the water.
Having my engagement party here of over 100 ppl. My mother and I came in to eat dinner to get a feel! Well what must I say? I absolutely loved it. I have on every state in America, all through Europe, Mexico, PR, Saint Thomas and Peru! I've traveled and I loved it! I'm so excited for my party! This is the most perfect place! :) The meats were all so delicious and tender! The buffet was tasteful! And I felt great the whole time!
Unlimited meat? UNLIMITED POWERRRR!!!!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_DqV1xdf-Y
I have been to several of these located in various major cities in the US and my experience has been the same for all of them: worth every penny!

Come hungry and be prepared to leave fighting for your next breath (because you are full, duh)

Word of advice, be judicious with your choices at the salad bar, or you my not be able to savor each cut of meat that comes around.  For some reason, that elusive filet mignon seems to arrive when you've nearly had enough.  The salad bar is stuffed full of things that are not salad (of course it has various salads and dressings too).  Smoked salmon, Spanish Manchego cheese, and various fruits to name a few.

Another thing, also do not scarf down the rolls they bring to the table the first thing you do when you sit down...they are so good you'll keep eating them.

Lastly, just forget counting calories or trying to be healthy... accept the fact that this dinner is a treat and you'll work out some other time.
This place is much too overrated. Unlimited food doesn't really matter when the food isn't great. All of their different selections of meat have little to no flavor... it just tastes like they sprinkle salt and pepper on everything. The salad bar was like any other salad bar... nothing special. The service is great and that's why I'll give them two stars instead of one. I just don't understand what the hype is all about. 

A family member of mine was thinking of having her wedding reception here and after sampling the food - she changed her mind. They also said the waiters wouldn't serve the salad in the private room; everyone has to leave the room and serve their own salad... including her, in her big, fluffy wedding dress. Tacky.
We have been to this restaurant twice now and absolutely love it!!  The buffet is always well stocked with delicious fresh vegetables, meats and cheeses but of course the real winner is the roasted meat that is carved at your table.  All the succulent cuts are wonderfully seasoned and cut at your table by temp you like.  We had the lamb, top sirloin and ribeye and everything was perfect.  Along with the great meal is great service, everyone is there to make sure you have everything you need at all times.  Finally you have to try their cheesy biscuits they are so great!  You definitely have to try this place at least once it is amazing.
I was blown away by this place after my meal I sat there trying to find something negative about this place and honestly I couldn't think of anything. The food was spectacular, the meats were cooked perfectly, salad bar was full of great choices as well as quality products. The wait staff was professional and attentative before my glass would become empty a waiter was on his way with a refill and same with the meats. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
It just doesn't get much better! Hot, Fresh, Great Food, AWESOME Dining experience!!! All thumbs up! $50. all you can shovel in, the food just keeps comming, the service is GREAT! The salad bar....WoooHoooo, I'm Stoked! been there a lot, just wanted to take the time to let all the Yelpers know. I'll Be Back!
My boyfriend had raved about this place for awhile so back when Phoenix Restaurant Week rolled around and Fogo de Chao was featured as one of the participating restaurants a group of us gathered together to go experience a Brazilian steakhouse. 

It was packed, which was to be expected as usually this place is on the pricey side, and I think there was some problem with our reservation but it was sorted out and we were seated in short order. 

Now I was just here for the meat but after some prodding I decided to do a loop around the salad bar so I could say I experienced everything. Man, what a salad bar! They had everything from fruits to and veggies and the regular old salad with lots of dressing options to meats and cheeses and whatever else you could possibly want. 

When you're ready for the meat to come to you, you flip over a little round card that is given to every place at the table. Red means no, green means come at me boys! This signals the servers walking around with skewers of different meats to stop by and ask if you'd like a slice. The answer is always yes yes yes! I tried to try one of everything and between the chicken, steak, pork, and lamb I had a menagerie of animals on my plate. Everything was succulent and juicy and the best part was with some of the meats you could tell them how done you wanted it and they would flip to the appropriate section to slice you off a piece. 

There is of course a moment when a lady decides that there is simply too much meat to fit into her mouth anymore and with some reluctance I flipped my card around to red to stop my stomach from bursting. 

The cherry on top of this sundae was that our restaurant week flat price included a choice of one of three desserts and it was delicious. 

I would definitely recommend this place to those of you wanting to try something new and the price point makes it a great special occasion restaurant. (I know where I want to go on my upcoming anniversary!)
Very good! Great staff! Great food!
Expensive but excellent food. It is worth every penny you spend there. The meat just needs the right amount of salt and pepper and let the meat shine for itself. Having said that, I was also never disappointed with the service either until my very  last visit. Despite reserving a party of 20 several days before-hand, we had to wait for more than 40 minutes for our table. Personally in this situation I usually cancel my reservation and go to another restaurant, but when you have 20 people with you, it is difficult to migrate to other places and feel obligated to wait.  I know for sure that next time I come here to not  bring large parties at this place. I gave 3 stars due to poor organization, but will give 5 stars for the food.
Best and ONLY Brazilian restaurant in Phoenix, AZ. This is the best of the best. I'm a Brazilian so I KNOW what I'm talking about. 

If you like and understand Brazilian food. This is the place to try. If you never tried Brazilian food, this will be different and something you should explore. It's a buffet style restaurant. Not my favorite type of restaurant but for Brazilian food, it's perfect.

This place is great for large groups. Lot's of fun! It can be nice for a couple too but you just have more fun in a group. 

Don't even waste time, money on another Brazilian steak house other this one. 

 The service is always great. We come here every other month and we enjoy it a lot. There are several little things that I could find fault on but nothing major. I just wish it was a bit cheaper so we could come more often. I think a $25 per person on weekdays and Saturdays would keep this place super busy. 

Anyways, it's worth it.  I really wish they would have Saturday and Sunday lunch!!! The vegetables, the salads, the entire salad bar is very fresh, authentic and everything looks good. The salads are very tasty. They offer hot side dishes once you turn your card green. The deserts are very good too. However, I like to get my cannoli fix at Pomo Pizzeria across Fogo for desert. 

The food really does look appetizing. The  beans could be better though, that's my only complain. Also, I wish they had refills on soda, since they are so expensive. My favorite drink is the lemonade, I love it! They offer refils for the lemonade! However, $5 is a bit too much for a lemonade, $3 would have been reasonably priced.

Kids under 9, I think don't pay. It's great for kids and very healthy food. My son has Celiac Disease and he can eat lots of items here. He loves the polenta and cheese bread. We have eaten here many times and my son never ever got sick or cross contaminated. Lots of dairy free options as well. A good place for allergy folks! 

Love the meat! I'm hungry now....
In anticipation of what may be my last lunch at Fogo de Cho for a long time (a change in my work location will make this an untenable lunch option), a decided to write my review of this place *before* eating a meal there.

Once upon a time, Fogo e Brasa was the churrascaria in Phoenix.  It was OK from what I remembered.  It became Brazillian Bull, and more recent memories seem to conjure up images of salt shakers, salt flats, salt water, salt, rock salt, and even more salt.  Before I ever tried Fogo de Cho, I thought BB was a reasonable option due to its lower price, but after trying Fogo de Cho (which I actually like to pronounce as correctly as I can: "shoum" with a very soft 'm'), I decided that it would actually be a waste of money, and calorie budget, to go with the cheaper place.

So, why is Fogo de Cho so good?

Two things: the food and the service.

The salad bar and sides are great.  I always like to get a few of their fancy cheeses and the smoked salmon, and a few other odds and ends before my meal.  The Po de Queijo is delicious.  It's OK to budget space for one or two pieces.

The meats are all good.  You do have to be careful, though: if you don't pay attention, you may find yourself with some chicken on your plate, which can take up valuable gastric real estate better used on a good cut of beef or their leg of lamb (my personal favorite).  They also cook them nice and bloody - every once in awhile, they undershoot it a bit, and the sheep jumps off the plate and runs away.  Best of all, they're seasoned well - even if you get stuck with a mostly-outside piece, it's not too salty.

The only complaint I have is that they never bring me the leg of lamb often enough.  And the guarana is $4.  A little steep for a can of soda, no?

Really, this is quite the fine establishment, and a worthy place to spend ~$40 on lunch.
My wife and I have frequented this restaurant a number of times and had grown to love this place. But yesterday's experience will be our last.

I had made an on-line reservation, and in the request comments of their website I specified that I was bringing my wife for dinner to celebrate her birthday on 12/12/12 (date of our reservation).  We walked in about 10 minutes early, I specified who the reservation was for and we walked right in. At the time (6PM), the restaurant was still empty (it was more than half full by the time we left, about 60 minutes later).  

The food is always top notch at Fogo de Chao. The salad bar (especially the smoked salmon, various cheeses and sun dried tomatos are some of our favorites) is well stocked with specialty items.

The meats are always excellent and the diversity offered is the main attractive element of this place.  So where did things start to go wrong for us?

I should mention that we accompanied dinner with a couple of glasses of sparkling wine.  Things started going downhill when our glasses were empty. Both my wife and I were not in a drinking mood, and so, at the first instance of being asked whether we desired more wine, we respectfully declined.  Less than 30 seconds later we were asked again, by a different waiter - this time we thought it was kind of funny to have so much attention paid to us (and we figured that since I had mentioned it was my wife's birthday, they wanted to pay a little extra care to our table), but we declined again.  Not more than 30 seconds later, a different waiter comes by again and asks us the exact same question.  Now it was downright annoying.  Not more than 1 minute later, we received the precise exact question.  My answer this time was more curt, "We do not want any more wine." Fortunately, they did not come back a 5th time.

I have noticed that there is little comminucation among the service staff at Fogo de Chao.  The right hand rarely knows what the left hand is doing.

At this point we had concluded our dinner and the waiter had removed our plates. I was expcting a little slice of birthday cake with a candle to drop by any second. Instead, the waiter comes by with our check.  I was upset at this turn of events.  We're not at In-N-Out here paying $10 for a couple of burgers, and was taken aback that apparently nobody had read my reservation comments - what is the point of including such comments?

I went to the front desk and told the hostess that I was disappointed that Fogo de Chao could not even acknowledge my request. I was asked what my name was and I specified the name of my reservation.  I was told, "I'm sorry but I just forgot", was the reply.  Really? So I'm spending well over $100 (including drinks) and the reply that I receive is "I'm sorry but I forgot?".

The hostess then asked what table we were at, and mentioned that they would be bringing something by very soon. We waited for 10 minutes and decided to just pay our bill as bothof us wanted to get out of there. Finally, a different waiter came by with a slice of cake, apologizing for the hostess (again with the "she forgot" commentary) with a candle for my wife.

It is the little things that make such a dinner memorable. Fogo de Chao completely dropped the ball, in my opinion.  They did remove our drinks from the bill, but instead left a sour taste in our mouths.  Asking us 4 times, within a 2 minute interval, if we want more wine is more important to them than paying attention to the small but crucially significant details that make a birthday dinner special.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. If u like steak this place is heaven! Took my girlfriend for dinner here and we both loved it. The waiters were extremely nice, and they even went back and specially brought us back a steak the way we liked it. Place is very authentic no complaints whatsoever love it love it love it. Little expensive but its worth every penny! Im hungry just talking about it
We had an disappointing experience at Fogo de Chao earlier this week that was so bad that I am writing my first restaurant review. In celebration of  my son's graduation from college, I selected Fogo de Chao over a more moderately priced Chandler Blvd. Brazilian restaurant. Wrong choice.
The food was good but the service was so poor that it would almost be laughable if we hadn't been personally affected. The service was initially good(although everyone seemed to be pressing the purchase of a particular wine on "special"), but rapidly deteriorated to the point where we could not get anyone's attention to fill water glasses, etc. 
A dangerous blunder capped everything off. The wait staff lost my credit card and no one could find it. After 20-plus minutes of waiting, we were getting increasingly nervous about the location of the card - particularly as first a manager came by to ask me for its last 4 digits in order to see if it had been run followed by someone else who asked if we recalled which member of the wait staff had picked it up. The Service Manager finally informed us that they had located my card which had apparently been left on a service table. 
The Service Manager was evidently Service Manager in title only with no real authority to correct problems. Misplacement of a credit card is a large, dangerous gaffe that should not occur in a quality restaurant. Given that it did occur, it should have been addressed in a professional manner beyond a mere "we're sorry" followed by a group of waitors with their heads down when we left.
What was a special occasion for our family became a very unpleasant one due to Fogo de Chao's poor service followed by unprofessional management response. We don't live in Phoenix, so may not have been back to Fogo de Chao anyways, but our unpleasant experience certainly clinched that decision in a major way.
Unlimited steak!  Yes this place is a dream come true, although it is an expensive dream, it is worth every penny.  If your going to buckle down and spend a few bucks, I would highly recommend Fogo de Chao.  Once you are seated, there is no wait, the food comes immediately.  Filet Mignon, Parmesan Pork, Top or Bottom sirloin (Yes there is a bottom sirloin), Rib eye, etc.  They bring you steak until you can't eat anymore.  They also bring you unlimited mash potatoes, cheesy bread, and fried bananas.  Not only is the food top notch, the service is a well.  I don't think i've ever been there and had a rude or incompetent server.  I don't think i've ever left with out a bulging belly, and a food coma!
Ribeye was the clear winner here, seasoned tender and juicy medium rare. Have a shot of Veev(acai berry alcohol) and let it all digest! Yum
Went here during lunch for a meeting. Exceptional choices at the salad bar! Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. The choices of meats were limited for lunch. We got seated very promptly as there weren't many customers there for lunch. My fav was the leg of lamb med-well. Second fav was the filet. For sides we didn't have a choice. The waiter just came and dropped three bowls (all of them were cold!): mashed potatoes, polenta strips and sauted bananas. One of the highlights for us was when they brought around the sauted mozzarella. Perfect texture and char on it. I would highly recommend it. 

The food was good for any restaurant that charges a premium for quality buffet style meals. The low stars are due to the poor quality of service. I felt like the servers were rushing us to finish the meal. I was not asked if I wanted another beer (the guy just kept filling my glass of water). I have had been to the one in Philadelphia and would rate it 5 stars. This one only gets 3 from me.
Fogo!  How I love you!  Your meats and cheeses make my meats and cheeses happy.  Well, almost.

I've been a staunch fan of Fogo de Cho in Beverly Hills for so long.  The foods are 110% perfect.  Nothing wrong either in service or food.  Never.

Then I came to Scottsdale.  It was good.  But that's about all I can say.  The salad bar was actually better than the meats, which were amazing also.  Delicious pastas and vegetables laid out in a wide variety.

The gauchos who came to our table, along with the waiter/waitress staff, were great.  Very helpful, friendly and courteous.  The meats, however, just didn't match up with Beverly Hills.  Again, that's not saying something was wrong, they just weren't as good.

The Picanha (house special awesomeness meat) was good, but was lacking whatever magic put it on the map.  

I'm not disappointed, but for $150 for 2 people, I was actually hoping for better.  In fact, I was actually turned off from enjoying their famous Crme Brle.  Le Sigh.
I recently visited Arizona and really wanted to go to a brazillian steakhouse. Having gone to Fogo when it first opened, I really wanted to go again.

First, when we got there. We sat immediately. We also had meats en route to us not 30 seconds later. This was very nice.

Sadly, our drink orders were forgot about. Along with that, all the meats were very bland and were nothing special. 50 dollars a plate was about 35 dollars too much. 

I have even been to the Fogo De Chao in Las Vegas. That restaurant was far superior to this one. I feel like they just don't care as much at this location.
Three words for you...

MEAT ON SWORDS!

When you first arrive, they seat you to the table and explain the epicness that is about to ensue... First you take a trip to a salad bar.. oh no no my friend, do not turn your nose up at this "salad bar"... they have freshly made mozzerella, smoked salmon, asparagus... the salad bar is amazing. After you have your fill of the delicious mozerella and ripe tomatoes... the meat feast begins! Guys walk briskly around the restaurant with giant swords of meat.. yes... GIANT SWORDS OF MEAT. If they see your card is on green, they slice you off a big ole chunk of whatever meat you would like. I suggest the lamb, it is amazing.. every piece of meat i tried there was mouth watering and cooked to perfection. I have never been so full my entire life... This is a great place to celebrate your anniversary, or take that special someone out.
VERY Disappointing Experience!
Been to several Fogos across the country and have always been pleased. Been to this one before and was also pleased THAT LAST TIME!!! - NEVER AGAIN!!!

The greatest difference I saw on my recent visit, was that they are cramming more seats in the space than should be. In fact, it may even be at over capacity for safety... I KNOW it's over capacity for decent SERVICE!

We were seated for our 7pm reservation, promptly; however we had to weave our way through the many too close tables to get to ours, which was right next to a server station... Not a problem,,, this will insure good service!  ...NOT!!!

We were greeted quickly, and our two guests had the "how it works" info presented... when we saw a slight break in the masses, we began at the salad bar. While I don't like the serve yourself experience, it is a great starter/first course buffet, with interesting selections. HOWEVER... bring your pads and helmets!! The masses attack!!!  Within seconds, the waaaaay too many tables of hungry customers attack the line... pushing, invading your space, reaching in front of you to get their asparagus, dressing, etc. It's NOT a pleasant experience, ESPECIALLY, when you're paying high dollars for a dining experience!

The customer etiquette is not the restaurant's fault; however, packing too many people in... IS!!  They are putting their short term profits in front of their customer's experience!  It's NOT going to work... for the longterm!

In addition, the server's rushing and bumbling pace was stressful and exhausting! Again, they were all rushing around to try to meet the needs of the waaaaaay too many tables crammed into the space.

After our First course, we flipped the coaster to GO. Other visits, the many server/chefs come to carve off some delectable meats. This time, we have only 3 or 4 visit our table... the meats were great, but where was the chicken, the prime rib, the sirloin, the lamb.. It wasn't until later we realized we hadn't had many selections.

After we had finished... we waited....and waited... and waited for a simple "how was your meal?" Or... "would you care for any desert?" Or... a "can I get you anything else?" or even an acknowledgement that we even existed! 

I finally stopped a "blue shirt" (manager wannabe?) rushing by... told him that we were feeling ignored and that "no one would talk to us".

His response: "I'll talk to you... What do you want to talk about... The weather?"

Normally I would have kicked his ass with this smart assed remark; however, it took me by surprise! I was stunned, embarrassed  and speechless! Our guests asked for coffee and he ran off... never to be seen again. Coffee showed by someone else and we asked for our bill and left.

Again... Food excellent... Atmosphere is LOUD and CRAMPED... Service sucks and the "blue shirt", manager wannabe, needs his ass kicked! 

NOT going back and recommend that you don't until they start putting their customer's experience in front of their rush - rush, pack  'em in and move 'em out" attitude.
I absolutely loved this place, ate so much I felt sick the next day and didn't need to eat until the next evening.  We came near the end of the evening, about 8ish. Some of the meats they didn't bring around, but if you requested them they cooked a skewer to get it for you. The lamb t-bones were unbelievable, each bite was a small orgasm in the mouth. The filet Mignon varied, the first skewer was excellent the second one they brought around was still good and tender but not as good as the first. The bacon wrapped filet was delicious as well each time they brought it around.

Definitely an experience worth repeating!
MEATFEST!  MEATFEST!
place was clean, service was excellent.  did I mention MEATFEST!
we didn't drink and bill was $149 WITH tip for 2 people....
they had an awesome salad bar, TONS of MEAT, and they just kept coming, and coming, and coming.....

I couldn't get them to let me eat it right off the stick, despite it being my anniversary.

Best. MEATFEST. EVER.
Trying to be critical... Just can't find much wrong with this place. 

Had dinner here with a friend last week and I was blown away by the selection of meats and the extensive wine list. Now I must say, this place is definitely not a weekly thing or even a monthly thing for most people. At $50 per person (+ drink, gratuity, tax, etc.) this place is in my opinion better suited for special occasions or when you can justify spending $150+ for two people for dinner. Now with that being said, Fogo de Cho has excellent food and almost too many options. They will literally keep bringing you meats until you ask them not to. Their salad bar has lots of options too with huge pieces of vegetables so be careful not to fill up just on that because you easily could. Another thing, the chicken. It is sub par in my opinion. I was told this by several people prior to going and it turned out that they were right. Just something about the way it is prepared. Not sure what it is but try it and you'll see what I'm saying. 

The service was fine, not extraordinary, just fine. You may have difficulty getting your server back very often as they bounce around a lot so make sure you get your drinks early on or else you may end up waiting like we did. No big deal, just flagging them down can be hard to do when you don't see them. 

Overall, I would say that this place has amazing meat and is a good place to try everything out. Not a place you would visit too often unless money is not a concern for you (or heart disease for that matter). I would definitely recommend Fogo de Cho to a friend of family as a place to meet up and enjoy some food and wine.  

Bottom line: I'll be back...eventually.
The food is great, the atmosphere is fancy and it's a lot of  fun to go to! 
HOWEVER the service here sucks! We only saw our waiter twice, the first when he took our drink order and the last when he dropped off the check... he never checked up on us, and every time we needed something we had to stop another server which was annoying. 
Anyways, yes it's delicious but I probably won't come back for a while. $50/person (not including drinks and tax) plus dessert (we got a creme brulet, IT WAS SO GOOD) is way too much especially when you have to tip a server who gave you no service.
Great service!!!! Customer Service manager Ryan was awesome! Will defiantly bring a group back : )
My husband and I went here last night and it was absolutely disgusting. To the point he literally had to spit his food out it was so fatty. Half of my plate was the scrappings of fat I had to trim off my pieces of meat. The salad bar had nothing to choose from other then cold veggies and hard rice. I was at Texas de Brazil in Chicago last week and for the exact same price you had triple the salad/ buffet bar, great meat vs this disgusting cheap cuts of meat offered here and even though everyone here was very nice, it took forever to get drinks, refills, and we had to ask for someone to clear our plates after an hour of being there. I will never be back and its a shame because theses places are normally wonderful.
This started as a 3 paragraph review of the restaurant, but I wanted to just review what our experience was for the night we went. We went on Valentines day and it was very crowded. There was a line out the door and down the sidewalk for everyone, reservations or not. I verified that they were accepting walk-ins and indeed they were. Had there not been a line for people with reservations, I don't think this would have been a big deal.

The salad bar, gauchos, and meats were amazing, but the level of service and execution for this nights event left a lot to be desired. With 2 full meal services and 8 drinks, the total with tip came out to about $240. At $11-12 a drink, and having only seen our waiter 3 times over the 2 hours we were there, this was grossly disproportionate in expectation. 

Fogo had sent out a promotional email on the 8th offering a meal comp for making reservations for Valentines (14th-16th). In retrospect I should have avoided this window of opportunity and went any other time. Our prior visit to Fogo was exceptional, without question. But between the reservations line, poor landscaping in front of the building, being crammed in like sardines, the screaming kids, and the diner behind our table coughing on one of the Gauchos meat skewers, this was just extra icing on a less than stellar cake. 

I wanted this to be at least a 3 if not 4 star review, but service and execution really made this a let down, experience wise. With that, I'm right back to where I started an hour ago. Still 3 paragraphs.
We came for valentines day and it's crazy busy all the time!!! Great food but we waited 20 min for our check so the server brought us two free dinner gift cards!!!! Amazing way to over make right what's been done wrong... Slow service at the end to get our check was more than compensated for and we will for sure come back again
Being married to a meat and potatoes kinda guy, I thought booking dinner for Valentine's Day at Fogo de Chao would be a huge treat.  It turned out to be a huge disappointment.  We went last night and will never go back.

We were seated promptly, way in a back corner...about as far from the salad bar as you can get.  This place is packed with tables.  You literally have to stand and wait as servers and other customers weave through the tables.  I found it strange that staff didn't let customers pass first - they blew by customers as if we didn't exist.  

We were seated and got the lowdown on how it all worked.  We were excited to be there and dig into the amazing salad bar and try the different meat choices.  Our trip to the salad bar was chaotic.  The line was going every which way and people were reaching over each other to get to the different selections. Everything on the salad bar was fresh, the presentation was nice but what a hassle!

We were given some rolls which were odd.  Soft, undercooked dough filled with some sort of cheese.  I can eat some bread, but the texture of this stuff was just not right.

The meat...honestly, I'm not much of a carnivore, but even my husband was far from impressed.  All of it was dry and so salty that we were reaching for our water glasses constantly.  The service was what was really odd.  The skewer guys would show up in our section in such a rush that they missed our table (and others) most of the time.  You have to wave them down or ask passing busboys to get service.  By the time the pork ribs and rib eye came around (after my husband spoke to our server about the lack of service) all of the sides were cold and we were just over it and full from the massive amount of water we had to drink.

We are not tough to please people.  We don't do pricey restaurants often and were really looking forward to having a fun experience at Fogo.  I regret booking our Valentines dinner at this strange, silly place.  Should have gone with my first instinct and headed to Durant's for  tried and true great food and perfect service.  Live and learn.
We went last night and boy was this placed packed!  I'm sure it was because of the past Valentine's Day holiday many were celebrating the weekend of.  We got sat and the dining room is organized so tight I was squeezing by people to get through.  It was almost like a cafeteria it felt that tight. There were linens on the table but still had the "feed the masses" effect.  The salad bar was very yummy and in the beginning our meats took a while to come even though we had our "green" card flipped ready to eat.  I was getting bigger cuts of meat than Travis so we would trade when the servers left.  The meats were all VERY tasty and cooked fantastic!!  (We had been to the Brazilian Bull in the past which grossed me out so bad it was horrible) This experience left us VERY FULL and we had a food coma after wards.  Didn't get dessert... TOO FULL.
I cannot say enough good things about this place.  My boyfriend and I were in Phoenix visiting family and decided to try a Brazilian steakhouse.  Wow - I'm glad we did.  First and foremost, the food was INCREDIBLE!  The salad bar was one like none other I've ever had.  The meat does not stop coming (I especially loved the garlic beef).  I couldn't get enough of the bread and polenta.  As good as the food was -- the service was even better.  Every single person we interacted with was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable -- from the hostess to the bussers to the gauchos (the new word I learned for 'meat cowboy') to the manager checkin in.  There was a bit of a wait, but worth every second.  We will definitely come back when we are in town again.  Why isn't there a Fogo where we live in Michigan???
Everything I have to say about Fogo de Chao, in Scottsdale is 100% amazing!
I have been to 4 different Fogo chains. This one is by far the best.
The service, impeccable.
The food, perfect and consistent.
The price... Who cares?!?!!

I have been to this location close to 20 times and every time, Pure Gold!!!
This is a usual Brazilian steakhouse. It's very upscale. Don't fill up on the salad bar though, because once you turn over your coaster from red to green, your place will be FULL of succulent meats from tasty animals! Chicken, beef, lamb, pork OH MY! Make sure you are good and hungry before arriving. All of the cuts of meat could be cooked the way you want it (rare-well). We went here to celebrate my boyfriend's college graduation and the servers brought him out a fancy and free dessert. 

You can get all the good cuts of meat and salad bar at lunchtime for less money than dinner time. This place is pretty cut and dry. Nothing special except the flavor of the meat, though for that only, I give it 4 stars.
Amazing meat, and fun atmosphere! I loved how you can just flip a card over and then you are just flooooded with people giving you different delicious meats in your face. Had our business Christmas dinner here, back in December and it was perfect. The sides were also amazing (mashed potatoes - YUM!) Definitely give this place a try if you have room to stretch your stomach.
We took company from CA here because they are big meat eaters - we are not - but heard about the great salad bar and were not disappointed there - it was wonderful.  Our CA company loved the fun of it and the food and the experience.  We would take company again although it is too much for hubby and me - we are not meat eaters - we did try the chicken wit our salad bar and enjoyed that - tasty - we are normally fish eaters.  
I do suggest a try if you want something different.  The service was good - somebody at the table all the time - the side dished okay but not memorable to me.  The salad bar I will remember - thank you.
We did think it was odd they did not come by and ask us if we wanted dessert or coffee at the end of the meal - we almost always have a coffee - maybe the four of us would have split a dessert to celebrate a little but we were handed the bill and her hubby paid before I realized what happened - that seemed rushed - with no menu and no one else appearing to have dessert or coffee that may be the way it is.  
Thanks for an overall fun experience - our company was happy.
Friends took us there last night and all of us left fairly annoyed.  Admittedly it was very crowded but at $75 - $100 (after tax, tip, etc.) a person, they should be able to staff accordingly.  They sat our group of 8 in a back corner.  It looked like some sort of conference room as there was a projection screen above our head.   We sat and ordered drinks fairly quickly and then were directed to the salad bar to get started.  The salad bar was decent, however, the grilled vegetables were either overcooked and mushy or not cooked long enough.   The other items were more than decent...in all fairness.   Now for the meat.   They give you these little table markers which indicate to the servers when you are ready to try the meat selections.   It started off with a vengeance of servers coming to us to offer their wares.  However, after the first wave and only having tried a few items of what the restaurant offers - no one came.  We kept having to ask over and over to send someone with the other items and we kept getting the same meats offered to us.  So needless to say there were huge gaps in between our meal, all of the sides got cold, we had to ask for water a few times, no one came to check our bread...Coffee refill took over 10 minutes.   We were forced to leave a $70 tip due to policy but really we were borderline outraged.  Our poor friends that brought us were so embarrassed and angry.  It was a special occasion.  Living in this area - we have hundreds of fine dining choices.  Next time, we will try one of the others.   By the way, the meats themselves were hit and miss.  Some were over salty, some fatty, some over-charred, some perfect.  Ambiance is very nice though.  $500 tab - not worth it.

C.L.
Gilbert, AZ
Treated my friend here yesterday for a birthday lunch. The salad bar was great, the cuts of meat were mostly amazing, and for most of it, the service wasn't too shabby either. 

In my opinion the lamb t-bone, small chicken legs, and bacon wrapped filets were the best of the meat they brought around. Other cuts ranged from "great" to "dry". And boy did they bring around they meats. I was a little worried that going there for late lunch they'd have a limited selection, or stuff wouldn't be as hot & fresh, but that's not something you should worry about. 

The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review was the service at the end. The check never came, and we had to flag someone down - which by itself is a passable offense - but also, I made a special comment when booking online that I was taking my friend out for his birthday and they never made any mention of it, which was extremely disappointing. I even saw a sticky note when we were being seated that said, "note: BDAY!"

I don't know if either of us could have handled dessert had they offered, but they could have offered him a drink on the house or something. Or at least said "enjoy your birthday."

Loved the meal, was sad for it to end on a disappointing note.
"Where do you want to go for your birthday?"
"That place with meat on swords!"
... Said the manly carnivore that I call my boyfriend.

Fogo totally lived up to the hype and was for sure a unique dinner.
 
The salad bar is epic in proportions. It's the size of my living room and family room together in length, multiplied by 2 because there's food on both sides. There were at least 10 things that I had no idea what they even were, but they were delicious vegetables or cheeses of some sort. There is a freaking barrel of parmesan cheese that you saw off a hunk yourself, for God's sake. It's amazing. I could have been happy with just the salad bar.

Then the meat. Yes, it really comes around on huge sword-like knives, and they cut you off a hunk of at your chosen temperature. I only sampled the top sirloin, rib eye and filet mignon (sad, I know), but Carnivore McGee got through 13/16 meats and by my calculations, ate over a pound and a half of meat. It was all delicious by his standards. Ladies, if you want to entertain yourself at dinner, bring your man to Fogo and watch him go from blissful looks to saying "Must... eat... just one more piece!" and struggling to force himself to wave away the servers.

The service was great too; we had no problems as some others did. There are a couple waiters who are actual waiters and manage drinks and checks and such, and there was always one of them within eyesight. The meat never stopped coming either, it was continuous throughout the hour we spent on that course. One of the meat servers (he's got thick wavy black hair and an accent) was a total sweetheart and chatted to me about how I liked my cocktail (one of their Brazilian sugar cane liquor ones) and educated my boyfriend on the 3 different cuts of lamb, and even ran back to the kitchen specifically to get him a sword of one of them. THAT was wonderful service.

Oh, and to take the mystery out of the prices (they don't list them... anywhere... "If you have to ask, you can't afford it"), here you all go:  $29.95/person at lunch, $49.95/person at dinner. 
Tip: Be careful with the Caipirhinia cocktails; they are extremely strong, and they are $13.50 a pop. Some sticker shock ensued with that one when I got the bill!
The best!  If you haven't eaten here, you must.
Definitely an adventure in dining and the food was very good, although some of the meat was inconsistent - one piece good, another of the same type not as good. The service, however, was spotty. Took forever to come back for our wine order, then brought the wrong bottle and we had to ask 3 times for a beer we'd ordered at the same time. It does seem to be a spot for baseball players to hang out during spring training, so you might spot someone and our waiter was helpful in pointing out who was there last night. But, you have to eat a LOT of beef to get your $55 worth here, so not sure I'd go back.
This was my first trip to Fogo de Chao, and it met my expectations. I was a little nervous because the main idea behind the restaurant is basically "all the meat you can eat", and I don't typically eat very much meat. I also knew going in that it would be pretty spendy, and Fogo met that expectation as well.
Don't expect a menu; you won't get one. Instead, you get a "guide" to the meat that will be delivered to your table via gaucho-wearing servers in blue embroidered button-downs (interesting combo, but hey- how else will you combine the traditional Brazilian concept with Scottsdale professionalism?).
And the meat just keeps coming! Flip your coaster from red to green to signal the gauchos that you need meat. Need a break to breathe, stretch, unbutton? No problem! Flip the ol' coaster back to red and they leave you alone for a bit.
The salad bar is a nice addition to a seriously protein-heavy (non?) menu. That definitely helped me, since I don't eat red meat on a regular basis; I was able to pace myself a little better by starting with the salad (fyi: mix the ranch dressing with the basil sauce. Amazing.).
The restaurant space is HUGE and loud. It's very difficult to have a conversation, and when you have your green coaster showing, the gauchos are constantly visiting your table.
We made a reservation because Fogo was crazy busy with spring training crowds in town. We arrived early, sat in the bar for almost an hour, and when I checked with the hostess, apparently they 'tried' to buzz us on the little flashy-thingy, but it didn't work, so they gave our table away! We did get seated almost immediately following that, and our drinks were comped, so it was taken care of very well.
I'll be going back here, but probably in a year or so; it's really expensive and it's a TON of meat, but it was amazing food.
Selections to try: the bacon-wrapped filet mignon was so moist and flavorful! Make sure you get some of the cheeses and prosciutto from the salad bar, and definitely mix the ranch and basil dressings- to die for!
Don't fill up on the Salad Bar.  These are great words of wisdom that a friend gave to me many years ago before I went to the Fogo de Chao in Washington D.C.  Good advice.  I eat my salad after the meat.

Meat is the main reason to go to Fogo de Chao.  And it was not disappointing.  But, be sure to vocalize what you want.  Tell the individual with the large sword of meat that you prefer yours Rare or medium rare or burnt.  They will find that for you and bring it to you.  Here it was no exception.  

My one complaint was that we ordered a magnum of wine off of the wine list.  After a few minutes, the waiter came over and said they were out of that magnum but here was another that was equally as good.  I asked if the price was the same.  No he answered.  It was $50 more.  I called over the manager, Ryan, to complain.  Ryan admitted that they had been out of that bottle for over a week.  He did not have an answer as to why they couldn't have printed up a new wine list with their laser printer.  And Ryan was somewhat offended when I told him I felt like they were trying to up sell me the other bottle of wine when they didn't offer it to us at the price of the wine that they didn't have.  That said, after Ryan and I discussed the matter we were able to work out an acceptable resolution.  But really, in this day and age of computer inventory and laser printers, can't you have a wine list that is up to date? 

That said, we had a great meal.  Meat delivered the way we like it and a cool refreshing salad at the end.  Perfect!

Thank you for a great dinner.  We look forward to your new San Diego location.
Awesome! that's all I got to say.
The food is actually three star or maybe a bit better, and the ambience is okay.  The problems:
1.  Very expensive for what you get.
2.  A wait staff that hounds you to death.

I've been to a number of Brazilian steak houses, where they bring skewers of meats to your table and you ask for pieces of the ones you want.  You can eat until you are stuffed.  There is also a salad bar which has about 30 items, most of them high end and of good quality (such as fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, heart of palm, etc.).  They bring bread, fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and fried polenta to your table.  But mostly its about the meat.

Fogo de Chao has about ten varieties, including filet mignon, top and bottom sirloin, a couple of lamb cuts, bacon wrapped chicken, etc.  If you don't like your meat medium rare, you will have to ask them to cook you something (which they will do).  In general, the meats are ok, but pretty much without sauce and seasoned with salt and pepper.  In short, not great.  The experience might still rate 4 stars, disregarding the price, if it weren't for the servers.

Fogo de Chao gives you a disk, red on one side and green on the other.  When you want the meat servers to stop by your table, you turn yours to the green side.  If you are not constantly eating, within about 33 seconds, a waiter will pop over and ask if you he can get you something that they haven't brought out in the last two minutes.  This is very nice -- well, it's nice the first six times, but then it gets obvious that they are rushing you.  If you sit around to digest your food, you might eat more.  Heaven forbid!

In any case, $50 just for the buffet and meat is stiff, and the food needs to be really good to warrant it.  It just isn't.
This restaurant is located by My sister's Closet in North Scottsdale. This is the typical Brazilian steakhouse, except there's no grilled pineapple! I was greatly disappointed. Nevertheless, I did enjoy the display of circling skewered meat. My top favorites are the house special, the pork sausage and the garlic sirloin. Other than the parade of delicious meat, there is also the salad bar. Even though I enjoyed the different cuts of meat, after I've stuffed myself, I can't recall what I've ingested. If you're ready to be stuffed and experience food amnesia, this is the place to go.
Amazing Salad and Grilled Veggie Bar and as well as the most amazing tender meat on skewers- sliced fresh and hot in front of you. The most amazing fried polenta, the most amazing mini popovers, and fried bananas.. Don't walk but run to Fogo de Chao... lunch or dinner is  the best meal and great service!
I just don't get it.

This is your classic Brazilian steakhouse type joint.  I think they are all kind of the same.  I will say the service staff and salad bar at this location are top notch.  The salad bar has several options and does not have any of the mess associated with your usual salad bar at restaurants.  Reservations for dinner are pretty much a must but while we were there I saw a little of everything in terms of dress.  Don't feel like you have to get dressed to the 9's at this place if you are not up for it.  The meat is good but after a while it all sounds and starts to taste the same to me.  At a little over $50 bucs per head it can get expensive quick.  I have no issue paying over a hundred dollars for my wife and I to eat out but for a buffet.  Not for this guy.
Have always loved this place, but the last visit could have been a lot better. The meat was over cooked and the service below par. The tres leches was to die for though!
Something about this place just doesn't have me excited to go back. The salad bar is what I would expect at that price point - but nothing too over the top. 

Obviously most people come for the meat...yes the variety is awesome, but the meat is great to so-so to poor. We had an abundance of their least quality steak coming around as well as bacon wrapped dry chicken! In over an hour we only saw many of the meats once. I asked politely three times for the ribs, and after 20 minutes of waiting I gave up. I felt scammed - the pork loin was incredibly dry and a lot of the steak reminded me of zoo animal smells. How many times do we have to say NO to the sausage? I realize it's their cheap filler, but c'mon...

The highlight of the night was the filet, ribs (beef), chicken, the bread, polenta, and the mozzarella. 

It was nice leaving full, but I'd rather grill at home next time!
I will start this review by stating that buffet, mass feeding type restaurants are not really my scene. If they were I would have given this a better star rating. By no means did I not enjoy myself, just not my type of place. 

We were greeted with a very friendly host which can sometimes be challenging at Scottsdale establishments. We were seated very promptly at a table alongside the wall. I noticed that the windows are very high so you can't look outside unless you are taller. Not a deal breaker just interesting style of architecture with the builder.

The gentleman that came and explained the process of putting the green and red cards to start/stop the meat being brought around seemed rushed in his explanation and I had a hard time understanding exactly what he was saying because he spoke so quickly. 

My best friend and I got up and survey and take in the salad bar. Nothing spectacular. I did find the potato salad was very good, and had some ingredient that made it pop a little more than your regular potato salad. The apple salad was very good too. I enjoyed a little bit of the cheese. The artichoke heart was very salty and not really my bag. 

If I knew that sides were going to be brought to the table as soon as we turned our cards to green I would have not even hit the salad bar. The little round rolls they brought to the table reminded me of a favorite South American roll my stepmother always makes when I visit. These were much lighter though, almost cream puff texture. They were addictive! 

The cuts of meat were all very good. I personally don't really eat meat so my stomach became quite full very quickly. I did notice that they came around very efficiently making sure we had plenty of meat. Our sides were replenished a few times when there was still quite a bit left. I thought this was a bit on the wasteful side as the food is thrown out, but that's just me. 

I think this would be a great place to take a large group because it's fun and interactive. For dinner with just my friend and I it felt a little gimmicky but all of the servers and everyone working was very nice.
Went again yesterday. I would give 10 stars if I could. Best service. Best food.
Service was much less than expected.
This place is the best. They really set the bar. Food and service are amazing. Yes it's costly but you need to do it! Loved every bite!
Went here for Mother's Day...meal was fantastic...a beef lovers dream come true!  the salad bar was nice, too.  Bartender was exceptional...everything was going great until we went for a trip to the salad bar and  almost tripped over someone with his BARE feet out in the aisle.  disgusting!  told the manager who did go over and tell the person to put his shoes on.  My complaint was with the manager's nonchalant attitude about it...as if everyone does that...no big deal.  I would give the restaurant another two stars but had to knock them down for the mgr's demeanor.
Meat.  A whole lot of meat.  Is there really anything else I need to say?  Vegetarians and vegans may just want to skip this restaurant.

For those unfamiliar with the concept.  Fogo de Chao is like a buffet that comes to you.  For about $50, servers on carts move about the restaurant and will serve you a cut of whatever they are carrying.  It's not the best or most seasoned cuts you will ever consume, but you will not leave dissatisfied or hungry.  There is also a pretty big "salad bar" that will get some greens and starches on your plate, but it's really not all that great.

Fogo also caters well to bigger groups.  My party of 15 had no problem being promptly seated (with some arriving well before our reservation) and served.  I highly recommend dining at Fogo with a group of carnivores when you have something to celebrate.
Great place, great food!
I write this review with the disclaimer that I'm barely a carnivore.  I'm super picky about the meat I consume (mostly that it does not qualify as "weird") and am not very flesh-venturous.  

The restaurant is beautifully appointed.  While we did not sit at the bar, it looks like a great place to enjoy a happy hour.  The dining area is large and open.  As we weaved our way around the tables to the "salad" bar, it had the feel of a large wedding venue.

The salad bar was extremely varied and nice deviation from the near constant processional of meat.  There was a small salad section but many other choices - fresh mozzarella, potato salad, olives and a number of other goodies.  The yucca bread and polenta fries were fabulous.    

The drinks were tasty (they make a mean caipirinha) albeit overpriced (which is to say, Scottsdale-priced).  

Desserts ranged from tasty to average.  The flan and tres leches cake were well received.  The cheesecake was tasty but could have come from Costco.  

I noticed they had a location in Sao Paulo, Brazil so I mentioned to a friend that we had gone there.  He had been to the Brazil location and said it was the best churrascaria he'd ever had.  

So, Fogo is definitely the real deal in terms of Brazilian steakhouses.  My gentle constitution protested the next day from about 3 weeks worth of meat consumption in a few mere hours, but as I said, I'm barely a carnivore.
I had always wanted to try Fogo and I saw that they were on the list for AZ Restaurant Week so I made a reservation for 3 and never looked back. I arrived first and the rest of our party was running late so I was offered a seat at the bar and looked over the menu while my friends joined me. I was asked by staff passing a few times if I needed anything and was eventually brought out a basket of fresh bread while I waited. Once we were seated, our server gave us the run down and we made our way to the salad bar. It was sizable, but not as huge as I expected. Knowing what was ahead of me, I just sampled a few things, all of which were very fresh. I was more than ready to start with the meats. Lots and lots of meats everywhere you looked. My favorites were the parmesan crusted pork and garlic beef. The servers were very kind, offering numerous times to go back for a different cut or cook of meat if we wanted. The sides were also good, loved the mashed potatoes and crispy polenta. I do wish they had bigger containers of the sides as they were quickly gone. I had a caipirinha in the spirit of things, which was a great drink. We ended the meal with dessert, the cheesecake was rich and delicious. 

It is definitely a special occasion type of place, but I would absolutely recommend it to others and will keep it on my short list for when I win the lotto :)
My previous experience was fantastic at a Brazilian steakhouse called Texas de Brazil I went to on business travel in Tampa, Florida. With that experience in mind, I expected to have a similar experience and the leading Brazilian steakhouse Fogo de Chao; however, I was let down by the atmosphere, food, and salad bar.  

Atmosphere: Tables are very close together, especially the salad bar area which is very cramped. The layout is very broken and I expected more for a $$$ restaurant. There just isn't much energy, and it felt like a quiet family sit-down restaurant.  

Service: They move to fast and need to do a better job announcing the type of meat being carried around. Maybe it would be better to have tags/labels on the tops of the meat spits as they carry it around. Often, my card is on red waiting for a specific cut of meat; however, they move so fast you don't have an option to flip your card before the cut of meat you want is gone.  

Food: Wasn't impressive. It is under-seasoned even when using basic seasoning. Regarding the selection, I have to compare it to Texas de Brazil who did a much better job circulating different cuts of meat - mixing up top shelf beef cuts. Fogo de Chao circulated flank steak and top sirloin about 3 to 1, arguably to fill you up on lesser cuts - I didn't even see Ribeye which is insane. The salad bar was also very unimpressive. My wife doesn't eat a lot of meat, and for $22 you can just order the salad bar which I expected to be much better.  

For the price I would have much rather spent my money at Ruth Chris, Fleming's, Morton's, or Capital Grill and get a much better cut of meat.
If you want the meat to keep coming all night, then this is the place for you ;)  I couldn't handle it all, I ended up taking a bite of everything so I could try it all, but ended up wasting a lot of meat.  The cheese rolls are to die for.
Service was friendly, food was good but arrived really late. I would still recommend this place because I loved the food.
Overpriced. Meat is what they do. They constantly bring by different meats so you won't go hungry. The portions though are so small, I doubt very many people ever get their moneys worth. Oh well. The service is good but not good enough for the price you pay. For the money, I'd rather go to a  good steak house.
Fogo de Chao reaffirmed that I love meat. Thank you so freaking much!

I will say that the integrated Yelp reservation system does wonders, I highly recommend it.

The meal comes in two phases: salad bar and served meat. You'll get some side dishes, and meat carvers will come to your table to offer you various cuts and cooking temperatures. They actually carve a different part of the meat block depending what you want, which I thought was really cool. Technically they're only supposed to come when the card they give you is green instead of red, but they came nonstop anyways and I love them for it.

Keep in mind with this high end service and variety of meats the meal will be somewhat expensive, around the $50 range. However, if you haven't gone I suggest you do, because this sits at my Top 5 Restaurants of all time right now. 

And as much as you love meat... please don't come alone. The more the merrier, otherwise you'll just look like a sad pig rolling in the mud.
WOW!
Rule #1: come hungry.  Actually....come starving.  You may want to avoid eating at all before coming to this place.  So much food....so much food. 

You walk in and you just see the wait staff running around at lightining speed getting the food and drinks to their respective table.  When they disperse, they open up a path to this magical salad bar with some really great cheeses, veggies, and some type of raw fish (similar to sushi or maybe it was), but it was really good.  

HOW IT WORKS: Salad Bar, Meats, Dessert (service continued or halted by red or green indicator that you have on your table) 

You sit down with a "button" that is similar to a circular cup coaster.  One side is red and the other green.  You want that button to be on green when you sit down.  
That will trigger wait staff to come by and bring you A TON of different meat varieties.  

They brought out lamb, different types of steaks in different seasonings, and ask you if you have any special meat requests if you want to try something in particular or want  another sample of something you've already had.   They bring it on a stick and carve off the section you want depending on how you want the meat cooked.   Along with that, they will be bringing out bread rolls with CHEESE in them! HOLY WOW!  of course - they have the garlic mashed potatoes on standby.    

The DESSERT was nice!  a Chocolate Mousse cake that I barely had room for.   

EXPECT the meal to START at $50 but I would go in ready for a lot more than that due to drinks that you may want to get, people with you, etc.  

 Fellas...If your girl has been good to you - treat her to a nice dinner.  She deserves it. Vice versa too, please.  Hunger is not prejudice.
My service really bothered me.  The man that seated us was uninterested, despite telling him it was my first time (on my bday), and made us feel like we were being rushed.  Without giving us more than 6 minutes he asked us for our drink orders 3 times.  Huge wine selection, poor beer selection.  Waiter also handed me the receipt to sign and walked off without even looking at me.  Not a good first impression.

The food was excellent, came quickly and tasted great.  The salad bar was also delicious with a large variety for my wife, who was not eating meat.

I will go back, but my service will hopefully improve.  I like it when people act like they care I'm there.
There was no doubt where I was going to take J for his Father's Day dinner/lunch.  FOGO it was going to be!  I did however have a little hesitation on taking Baby C along with us.  Would they have high chairs?  Never saw any babies/toddlers there in our visits there.  Baby C can be a pretty messy eater, with a good portion of his food ending up on the floor.  And, while Baby C is pretty well behaved, he is now known to start testing his vocal cords out - chattering very loudly and screaming with excitement.  I was reassured when I made my reservations, that they did in fact have highchairs (30 in fact), not to worry about any mess Baby C would make, that there would be plenty of kids there, and it would be pretty loud.  

Mother's Day and Father's Day - who leaves their kids with a babysitter anyway?!

I tell you what, I am glad I made a reservation for us and indicated we would need a high chair, because there was apparently a wait - On High Chairs!!  

Our service was kinda so-so, but I attribute that to the fact that there were a TON of families there (we had a 2:30 reservation).  So many people in fact that I believe they ran out of meat, as we were waiting for quite a bit for a gaucho to come by wielding his sword of meat. 

My favorite - The Lamb..hands down.  Baby C's favorite too!!
This is best brazilian bbq ever!!
For a local Brazilian Steakhouse, it isnt bad.. Its definitely not Texas de Brasil, but its a nice place to go eat. The decor is great, staff was nice.
This place does not disappoint.  Make sure you come hungry.  The service and selection are amazing.  They serve as a team so you never have to wait to ask anyone for anything.  It does not matter who is walking by.  Should you need something anyone will bring it to you.  Including any cuts of meat you want to visit again or haven't tried.  Great for a date or company party.  We have done both and were very happy.  This place will always be a crowd pleaser; if you have company from out of town they will not be let down.  I highly recommend the Sangria.  It is made from scratch.
So, I really, really love Fogo de Chao, but I was disappointed with this location.

I've gone to Fogo in Dallas and Kansas City for years, and each time, the food is amazing, the service is impeccable, and the restaurant is beautiful. We always have a wonderful experience and feel that it's well worth the money.

The Scottsdale location... no. It's large, and the restaurant is nice, but the service is not good. The gauchos regularly came to our table and were attentive, but our dirty plates were not cleared until as asked, our sides of fried polenta, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas became cold/empty and were not replaced until we asked, and our cheese bread also ran out and was not replaced until we asked.

Usually, sides and bread are replaced quickly, whether they're cold or empty, and several people will ask how we're doing and if we need anything. That didn't happen here. After we were done eating, we sat for a good 10+ minutes waiting for the table to be cleared so we could get dessert despite several servers walking by.

I just wasn't impressed. It was not the good experience I've come to love. I will happily go to other Fogo locations but I think I'm done with Scottsdale.
I had a great time at the Beverly Hills location and was excited to see Scottsdale offer a summer special: $40 with dessert. Even though I ate a lot, I was underwhelmed by my dining experience. 

When eating out, I expect service to correlate with the price point of a meal. Fogo's service should be approaching outstanding. At the very least, I shouldn't be questioning throughout: Where is our waiter? Are they going to bring more sides? Are they going to clear our plates? We've been sitting here a while, are they going to offer dessert? Seems like they don't want us to pay, should we dine and dash? At least our water server kept our glasses full.  We ended up just asking him for more sides and he happily filled our request. Props to him because our waiter was useless: unwelcoming,  not personable, not attentive.

On to the food: the salad bar looked fresh and I enjoyed having some greens to munch on between meats and carbs.  The polenta fries had a nice crunch.  The bananas (what happened to thick plantains?) were good but didn't have a nice crispy exterior.  The cheese bread though is amazing, especially when hot. I could eat these all night, every night.  They probably get a star for the bread alone.  The meats were variable.  The lamb was very gamey and I usually love lamb. Some meats were very salty, especially the pork ribs.  I found the beef ribs to be a bit dry. I liked the different sirloin cuts.  My friends found some meats to have huge chunks of fat - I don't mind that because I like the flavor and texture. Just cut them off if you don't, no big deal.  Sausage and chicken were also flavorful. No sight of ribeye all night. I did have a problem with the gauchos not knowing what medium-rare looks like. They kept giving me medium to medium-well even after they slice a piece and checked it. Why even bother asking me what I prefer if they're not going to give the right temp? I wouldn't have ordered dessert if it didn't come free with the summer special. Seemed mass-produced and overly sweet.

Funny thing is that the wait team was very attentive to the larger table next to us. I overheard a patron there raving to his first-timer guests about how the food and service are ALWAYS wonderful here and how he ALWAYS has a great time. Wish I had the same experience. I'll take my money elsewhere for a pricey night out.  

I was going to give 3 stars until I realized that was "A-OK" and 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better." Sorry Fogo, you were a 2 that night. Thanks for reading my Fogo essay.
Soooooo good!!  The service was phenomenal and the food amazing.  Totally recommend it for a special occasion.
This place always amazes, salad bar offers fresh unique and tasty choices. The meats are definitely the star here, all of them are tasty and perfectly cooked. If you want rare, you can get dark red and bloody, if you like well done it's just a slice away. Deserts are perfectly acceptable and usually compliment your dinner perfectly. The only downside is, soda is served in 10az cans that come to 2.50ish each. I racked up just about $10.00 worth of diet coke, but I didn't come for the coke and the meat was so tasty that it really didn't bother me, maybe it should have. This is a great place to go for those celebration type outings, guys will probaby appreciate it more than the ladies, who probably won't eat their monies worth. Bottom line: if you haven't been, you have to try it at least once, and probably twice, and maaaybe three times if your pockets go that deep.
Fogo De Chao deserves a solid 4 stars for my experiences there. However, the salad bar deserves like 5 or 6 stars - there is no better salad bar in town!

The meal comes in two phases: salad bar and meat like most Brazilian steakhouses. You get a little coaster type button that you put up on one color while you eat salad and another color while you eat meat. While this is happening you get side dishes and drinks. My favorite side dish is the bananas, AMAZING. When you are ready for the meat - meat carvers will come to your table to offer you various cuts and cooking temperatures. They have every kind of steak, plus lamb and chicken. The steak is very good here, but it is not the best I've had even in Arizona, hence the 4 star review instead of 5. 

It is so hard not to over eat here, so I recommend coming hungry, and don't skip the amazing salad bar because you are looking forward to steak!
I'll get to the point.
Hostess: didn't look happy and never smiled once and couldn't find my reservation.
Service: was seated at the back of the restaurant for a party of 8. took 15 min before we had to flag a server down to explain how we're suppose to start eating and took our drink orders. this really pissed me off, but after we got their attention, everything caught up to speed and we went and got our salads and the meats started coming around fast. 
Food: the bread they give you is so so soo delicious, warm, soft, and sweet. their salad bar has a good selection of veggies as cheeses and other yummy sides. the meats were so tender and juicy and very flavorful. I wasn't too big of a fan of the chicken cuts, but the prime rib, lamb, house sirloin, and garlic beef were amazing. if you love meat, this is definitely a place for you. we were there to celebrate two birthdays and the server was very generous and allowed the two birthday girls to pick any dessert on the house AND allowed the other 6 people in the party choose between three different types of dessert, so everyone got a slice of cheesecake which was fluffy and delicious.
I went here for my friends birthday dinner and I don't know if people hyped this place up to much but it wasn't as great as I thought it was going to be. 

The restaurant is in a nice area and very easy to find. Its an upscale place so people were dressed up but I also saw people who were dressed very casual too. We were with a large party so we were seated in the back room the restaurant. It was obviously our first time here and nobody explained or came around to our table for a good 20 min. Finally we had to wave a waiter down to get our dinner started.

The dinner comes in two phases. First the salad bar and then the meat. They give you a two sided red/green coaster which you use to control to pace of how much meat you get. The salad bar is amazing and had a lot of variety. I recommend you take it easy your first round so you can have room for the meat. When your ready the meat carvers come around and cut the meat for you. I really enjoyed the lamb, filet mignon and the bacon wrapped chicken. I recommend you take your time eating the meat and not get everything all at once. The meat doesn't taste very good when it's cold so before trying a different meat finish the meat on your plate.

Overall the restaurant was nice, the food was good and we got free dessert because it was our friends birthday. My friends got to pick any dessert from the menu and the rest of our party got to pick either a cheesecake, chocolate moose and something else ( I can't remember lol). 
They loose a star because it was our first time and nobody came around to our table to explain how everything works until we flagged someone down. It also took them a while for the meat to come around to our table.
If you know what you want and you're prepared, Fogo de Chao is 5 stars. Practically starved myself all day so I could indulge. Father-in-law and I were greeted warmly by the hostess. Stopped in the bar for a drink and had a nice glass of wine, server was friendly & helpful. Server explained the concept to my FIL, who had never been to a churrascaria. Salad bar was nice, just icked up a few nibbles (olives, prosciutto, roasted peppers...) to complement the upcoming meatfest. 

It's all about knowing what you like.

Best of the meats: the two top sirloin selections are spectacular, as was the lamb chop and lamb t-bone. Juicy & flavorful/ Ribeye was super tasty. 

Worst - leg of lamb was overmarinated, the pork ribs were cooked fine but needed some sort of rub/seasoning, the bottom sirloin had great texture but was kind of bland.

Passed on the chicken, sausages and filet mignon.

Service was prompt, attentive and polite without being overbearing.

A great meal, and a fun/different experience.
Wow, this place rocks! Great atmosphere, fun and fantastic food. The salad bar is unlike anything I've ever seen. Surprisingly, the never-ending parade of perfectly prepared meats is as entertaining as it is tasty.
This is one of my favorite places to dine at I always get great service the salad bar is awesome I always have to take it easy because I don't want to get full off the salad :-) and the steak is overwhelmingly good there's so many choices never disappointing. This last time was particularly great I love it when a manager comes over, he had asked what we thought about there spicy chile and we said well its not "that" spicy, he offered us some green chilies and onions (they are not on the menu) phenomenal delicious my husband couldn't get over how good they tasted a great end to a hard week of work .
Really good food.   Enjoyed it all
The food was amazing! The service was very good. It is a litte pricey but well worth the money.The servers were very informative and on point. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Desert was very good as well!
Pricey, but well worth it! The meats are so delicious and perfectly cooked to your likings. Don't touch the salad bar until you try all the meats because there are about 8 different types and they're all scrumptious. The cooked bananas are also really good along with the mashed potatoes and polenta sides to clean your palate between meats. Also request a side of the chimichurri sauce, it goes great with every steak! Overall, I'd say the filet minion and lamb were my personal favorites.
The service was also very good, the second you flip your card over they are there at your table with different meats. Definitely a unique experience that I would do over and over.
For the price and reputation, Scottsdale location can do a little better, service-wise
My boyfriend and I go here all the time! We love it and we always make sure to have an empty stomach before we go. The wait staff work together so anytime you need anything there is always someone to help! 

If you love meat then this is definitely somewhere you have to go!
Ive been wanting to try this place for years. This year was my 40th birthday and what a better place to try than Fogo.  

My girlfriend and I made reservations with her brother and wife.  What I loved is when we showed up, we were seated immediately.  I've been to places with a reservation and they would say "Oh it'll be just a moment" and 10 min later...

Right as we sit down, one of our many wait staff comes over to us to take our drink orders and lets us know that we can begin our meal.  They have a huge salad bar, but I was told by a friend "Do NOT eat it if you want to fill up on meat!"   So my girlfriend got the salad bar and I ate some of the cheese. It was delicious!

We guys flipped over our card to green and it was on.  We must have seen 10 different guys come by with different meats.  My favorites were their house special, sirloin and filet wrapped in bacon.

We ate like kings!  

To top it off we even had room for cheesecake.

I highly recommend this place. It was pure heaven.

It is a bit pricey though.  ABout $50 a head.  But soooo worth it!
Food was great, except for the desert.  We shared the tres leches and didn't care for it.  Bacon wrapped filet and chicken were great, sausage is awesome as well.
I am giving this place a 5 stat rating because it is the best brazilian food restaurant I've been to in Arizona. First off they treat you like family and accommodate you in anyway. The atmosphere is for all types of people, either you are on a date or out for a family outing. I know the price is a little high but its all worth it because your table is never empty and your drinks are always full. The meat is cooked to perfection, the cheese breads are freshly baked, the sides are just as delightful. Now the desert is mouth watering  delicious, I had the creme bruelle and new york cheesecake with my husband. I would definitely go back and send others there. Enjoy I know I did.
The service was amazing. I don't even care about the food i would come back for the service
My husband took me here last week to celebrate our 2nd anniversary.  The service was impeccable, everyone was friendly and helpful and quick.  The salad bar was impressive and delicious.  The meats were all delicious.  There is nothing negative I can say about Fogo...I left stuffed and smiling!
My special lady took me here and I was delighted. Excellent service and great food....a carnivores delight. The salad bar was perfect for me with prosciutto, mozzarella, olives, cheese, hearts of palm and peppers....all my favorite foods. Once you give the green "light" ...the meat arrives nonstop. If you pass enough times they will actually stop and ask what they can get for you and prepare it to your liking. This was my first visit but definitely will not be my last. If you have a friend or family member that loves meat...splurge and take them here for a great treat.
Have you every wanted to be fed like King Henry VIII?  A big goblet in one hand, exquisite, endless dishes of extravagant foods being feed to you almost intravenously until you have gorged yourself jolly and need a coma to recover?

Well, your highness, there is a haven for you in Scottsdale.

Fogo de Chao is paradise for the carnivore AND the vegetarian alike.  You will be seated at a table amidst a spacious floor plan and promptly greeted politely with a drink order.  Then comes the salad bar, which hosts a cornucopia of fresh lettuces, tomatoes, sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, macaroni salads, cheeses, olives, cucumbers, prosciutto, salami, smoked salmon, ceviche, and hot white fish in a delectable sauce, among other things.

There is a round, 2 sided card at your table.  Red means stop, green means go.  When you have finished plundering the salad bar booty, turn your card so green is faced up.

This begins the carnivore carousel as a parade of servers will sprint to your table with one carving station after another of meat.  Oh, sure, you can wave them off if you're not interested, but who are you kidding?  Try EVERYTHING!!!

My personal favorites are the lamb chops, the lamb tenderloin, the sausage, the filet wrapped bacon, and the #1 - the top round - I order everything medium (did I mention that they ask you how you'd like it prepared?  And then they bring bottom round, garlic beef, chicken wrapped in bacon, ribs, center cut sirloin, rib eye, and probably a couple more that I can't remember.  Everything is tender and juicy, fresh, well seasoned, and fit for a king.

You are also served polenta cake, fried bananas and mashed potatoes, also never ending.  You may also request sauces - I'm particular to the mint jelly and the creamy horse radish, though they offer others.

And don't forget dessert - the cheesecake tastes like it was shipped in from New York that day.

GO FOR LUNCH!!!  It's only $29 at lunch time, $19 for just the salad bar, kids 6 and under FREE, otherwise $14 for kids.  A small king's ransom, but worth every penny and then some.

Then go back to your castle and nighty night.  Please don't behead your wife.
Salad bar is amazing, meat is so so. They have a great selection but for the price not sure if it is worth it. Maybe once in a while for a special event...
Great Price and Good Food!

I think the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because of the customer service that they provide.  All the staff members work together as a team and it made the experience wonderful. You need a new clean plate? Their on it! You want something you havn't see come out yet? No problem they'll go get it. Another cocktail? well they have someone coming around with a mobile cart to bring you one! I was 100% satisfied with the customer service end.

The food was pretty good. Now don't get me wrong it was delicious. However I am comparing it to another Brazilian steakhouse I've been to in San Francisco and for around the same price their food is EXCELLENT. Now the customer service on the other hand is not as good. I wasn't overly impressed with the salad bar,  I would probably skip it next time I go and just focus on stuffing my face with more meat!

Bottom line: Great food and exceptional customer service. I would come here again in a heartbeat.
The salad bar..... Who needs the meat!! Unless it's the garlic beef. Or the cheesy bread knots.
Now, I usually dont visit chain restaurants... especially after coming to this place from the San Diego location. I thought the food was just to DIE for, so I decided to take my friend who was visiting here (especially since I had a two people eat foooo FREE coupon). Now, I must say... I like this restaurant over the San Diego location. The tables are spaced out, and are definitely more accessible, you arent side-stepping between customers/servers trying to venture to the salad  bar or to your own table. 
They have a drink service constantly going around? Something I'm definitely not used to. That was so incredibly convenient. The service was superb and the servers very friendly. 
I would come here just for the garlic knots. 
I seriously want to sneak in with ziplocs next time just to load up before I leave.... totally kidding. kinda. (IM FROM THE BAY AREA, we get ratchet). 
Anyways A++++++.
YUMMMMMMM. All you can eat quality meat?! This steakhouse is great, I can never go to Fogo without leaving and feeling so full that I can barely walk.
This place should be renamed Fogo de Chaos. The food service was confusing and disorganized. For the price, the quality of meat was poor. It took over an hour to get one of meat choices served at our table. The food and dining experience was bad enough, until we got the bill of $350 for 4. Then the never will come back feeling turned into anger. Just aweful!!!
Disappointing..on previous visit found this restaurant enjoyable but somewhat noisy but could overlook based on the overall experience..this last visit on Saturday evening left much to be desired..the meats were overdone and you couldn't find a medium or medium rare cut..sides were not replenished unless you asked..this experience was certainly not worth the $$$ and will not see me again..too much other fine dining available in the valley
Loved the food it was all amazing! I would recommend to anyone. Great place for a date, the meat was to die for! I enjoyed my date there and I cant wait to go back. Also the service was outstanding.
so. much. meat.
The perfect choice for a great dining experience.  Made a 7:30 reservation on a Friday night and we got there early and got seated right away. Salad bar was a great start and even had fresh haddock. Then on to the main course. My wife and I have been to these types of high end steak places and the best tip I can give you is hold out for the meat choice you really want. We love filet mignon and the bacon wrapped chicken, but it all tastes great... As it should for $50 per person.
oh my goodness i cant even begin to describe how delicious the food is, and the customer service was sooo inviting and very hospitable, ill for sure be coming back for more very soon
Fogo de Chao is the destination for one thing and one thing only: meat sweats.  What an incredible meat experience.  Fogo knows their meat and knows how to cook it.  

One warning before we get going, if you drink soda they serve it by the can and don't tell you that until it arrives.  I would opt for water, iced tea, alcohol or nothing.  

When you start you will be tempted by the salad bar, I totally get it, it looks gorgeous with plenty of selections to choose from.  It is absolutely beautifully presented and for those of you new to this experience the salad bar is a siren and you are a sailor on a ship that is about to jump off and make crazy mad love to it.  In this analogy allow me to be your captain who tells you to cover your ears (or eyes in this case) my fellow man and keep the course, the real prize is the meat.  So if it the meat you seek, avoid the temptations of the beautifully kept and maintained salad bar and wait patiently for the meat.  

Onto the main course.  You will have so much to choose from and after a few minutes of basking in the euphoric aroma of grilled splendor I ask that you maintain your discipline... the first thing that will be brought to you is sausages and grilled chicken.  They are good, yes indeed, but I ask you to resist a little longer, pass them up, tell them you want the bacon wrapped filet, tenderloin, or.... the HOUSE SPECIAL!   Oh yes, my friends when you refuse one last temptation a wave of meaty awesomeness will come and it will not stop until you surrender or they close for the evening.  

This is a feast to revel in.
Yum! We love this place. It's a fun place for special occasions, and the food is delicious. It is pricey, but for a once in a while treat, it is worth it. I recommend making reservations, even if you don't think it will be busy. Plus, they'll ask if it's a special occasion on the phone- let them know if it is a birthday, anniversary, etc., and you can score complimentary dessert (that you will likely be too full to finish). We just made reservations for Christmas Eve, since we cannot be with our families this year, we figured we'd spoil ourselves!
MEAT!  That is what you get here.  Every time I have gone the service has been outstanding.  They will keep serving you until you keel over and die from a heart attack so be aware of the stop sign!  The salad bar has quite the selection as well, but I would minimize your intake here so you can try all the MEAT!  My one complaint is it seems like most of the MEATs have similar seasoning.  They have a large variety of different types of MEAT, but at some point it just all tastes the same...maybe I just have MEAT overload at that point.  This is definitely a place to experience, but I could never go here regularly.  I myself would rather go to a gourmet restaurant and have one great meal rather than gorge myself with MEAT, but I can see the allure of Fogo for sure!
One of the best experience. For any occasion. Food is excellent great meat selection and side and out standing service. And if you r not a big meat lover you can always just do the salad bar its a great salad selection. Its a little pricey but is worth it...
Good luck finding out how much the meal cost until you get the bill. So its $50 per person but its worth the price. You can basically stuff yourself until your pants button shoots off like those subway commercials. I would love to come back if I was ever in Scottsdale again.
I took my family here for my sister's going away trip as she was moving out of state for a new job. 

There was a decent amount of parking here. The front of the place is pretty open with a turn...I think during the weekends, they probably have valet here. 

The inside is very spacious and is pretty good for group celebrations of a romantic dinner. There is a bar area to the side that seems pretty quiet and cozy for those intimate dinners.

They have quite a lot of wine in their selection. Walking in, you can see their wine gallery. 

What can I say about their food. It is delicious. There is a lot of it. There is also a salad bar and it's pretty good but let's be honest here...you didn't come here for salad. I ate a lot of the filet mignon. It was good. There was lamb, delicious. I don't think I can say anything bad about this place at all. The service was fast.

The pricing...well, you're in a brazillian steak house in Scottsdale so, yeah. 

I would come back here again but I wouldn't make it a usual stop. I could get a coronary with all the yellow gold flowing through my veins already.
WAY to good!!!! its pricey but well worth it. 

This is easily the best place for steaks in the valley.

My favorite restraunt out of anywhere in Scottsdale/Phoenix area.
They make love to the meat while cooking it.
Best value is at lunch. Lots to eat to the point of nitrate overload. Great salad bar, service. Always come back on every visit here.
Everything was delicious, down to the tomatoes and kale salad. All the waiters were very attentive and made us feel like royalty. A Filipino waiter came to our table and was very nice and welcoming! It makes me a little sad that I was only visiting Scottsdale, as I would love to dine here again. 

When they tell you the waiters will attack you with skewers of meat if you keep the card green, they really will come to you nonstop. They kind of rush off quickly, so state that you also want a piece if they are at your table. 

The only reason why I dinged a star off was because when my dad asked for a piece of rare filet mignon, the server said none of the pieces were rare but he would get another skewer. Another server came by a few minutes later with another skewer and cut the most well-done piece of meat before rushing off.
I'm still thinking of this place a month after my first experience here. I absolutely loved Fogo de Chao! If I could change anything about my experience I would have skipped the salad bar altogether and just eat the meat and the sides they brought to the table. My absolute favorite was the petite filet and their house sirloin. The service was top notch and could not have been any better. 

I was here for my 2 year anniversary and they gave us a dessert for free. We had the Tres Leches cake which was phenomenal! 

I can't wait to go back!
When coming in for lunch the waiter explained the service perfectly. We ate off the salad bar and were very satisfied. When it came to the meat experience we were able to taste the amazing flavors of the country. My only compliant is that we asked to try a couple of the other meats that were listed and it took two or three tries before they came out with it. At one time we asked for more bananas four times before we were given more and then 5 plates came out! So their wait staff is a bit off on requests, beyond that it was superb!
This Scottsdale location of the national chain does not disappoint.  The entire dining experience is very upscale.  The vast array of meats are all very well prepared by their excellently trained staff.  Each of the servers in the restaurant are able to help you, so service is always very fast and top-notch.  Who doesn't love a prix fixe menu of delectable meats?  The salad bar is also outstanding.  They make a mean caipirinha too.
WOW, I don't even know where to start!

If you are a meat eater, you will LOVE this place. They have everything from sirloin, to ribeye, to filet mignon, to lamb, and chicken. My favorite was the "house special." I don't remember what kind of cut it was but it was simply amazing. 

First of all if you have never been, I think you should know that the ambiance is slightly upscale and although some people were dressed casually, I would personally feel more comfortable if I dressed up the next time I dine here.  Secondly,  the price was about $120 for two people with non-alcoholic drinks. It sounds a little high for the average Joe; however,  I really think you get your money's worth because the quality of the food is so great, and it's all you can eat. Bottom line--it's worth it. 

The place itself is very large and BUSY. Might seem overwhelming if you've never been, but as soon as you walk in, someone will seat you and explain to you how the concept works. You will then be given a small cardboard coaster. One side is green and the other is red. Green means you are ready for the meats, red means stop. You are then free to go to the salad bar...but take it easy because the fun hasn't even begun. 

When you are done with your salad, turn your coaster to green, but be forwarned, people will come out of nowhere at really fast ninja speeds and inundate you with all the steak of your dreams lol. I can't say I remember all what I was specifically offered (it all seems like a magical blurr now). Once you've had enough turn your coaster to red to signal the servers to stop. 

Somewhere in between you will also be served mashed potatoes, polenta, fried bananas, and the most amazing cheese bread ever. EVER. 

The only thing I didn't like is that at one point my husband asked if they had grilled pineapple (apparently some Brazilian steakhouses offer this option? Idk). The waiter seemed really annoyed but said he would ask. I then observed him walking away, but not towards the kitchen or to ask anyone in particular.  As a matter of fact he just continued serving other people and never bothered to come back with a "yay" or a "nay." We were also charged for a drink we never ordered, but that was solved right away so no biggie. 

All in all, everyone else was super helpful/pleasant so I can't base my entire experience on the actions of one bad waiter. I personally had a great time and ate to my heart's delight. Verdict: 2 thumbs up.
I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses and in my opinion it wasn't my favorite but it's not bad whatsoever. 

Meat selection- they had around 10 different beef/pork/lamb options but no seafood like other Brazilian steak houses. 

Salad bar- great selection but no sushi, or really anything interesting. Didn't see soup either

Sides- mashed potatoes were garlicky but yummy, then there was some sort of potato, and sweet plantains.  

Price- Compared to other Brazilian steakhouses this place was pricey because of their lack of options.
Insieme ad alcuni amici di Scottsdale, ho avuto modo di mangiare in questo ristorante. La particolarit di questa catena  il semaforo: ogni coperto ha a disposizione un disco verde su un lato e rosso dall'altro. Mettetelo sul verde ed i camerieri che girano per il ristorante si fermano da voi con uno spiedo pieno di carne. Ogni cameriere ha un diverso tipo di carne e di taglio (pollo, manzo, maiale). Ricordate di mettere sul rosso mentre mangiate, altrimenti i camerieri continueranno a portarvi altra carne!!! Se avete modo di fermarvi al bar interno, prendete una caipirinha. Qui la fanno davvero buonissima!
Nice cozy place but don't let that fool you. Me and my husband went for our anniversary dinner waitress was nice at first. Then the meat keep coming but after 20 minutes its stop and the waitress forget about you. I was really pissed was so hungry i didnt want the salad bar. I wanted the meat but was only good for 20 minutes even if my sign said green...horrible service and will not ever come back here.
My girlfriend and I had been talking about going here for months, just had never found the time to make it out.

Last night, I took her and her parents out to dinner here to celebrate her birthday.  Needless to say, this place did not disappoint in the least.

If I had anything to complain about, it didn't have anything to do with the restaurant, staff, food or experience.  It had to do with the fact that their meats were so good that I kept wanting more and more to the point where I should've stopped eating 20-30 minutes previous to when I actually did.

My favorites were the Garlic Filet Mignon, Parmesean crusted pork and the Linguisa.  The polenta was cooked to perfection and loved the caramelized bananas they delivered as side dishes.

Everyone got a dessert and loved it.  Since we were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday, they decorated the plate with her dessert with "Happy Birthday".

This is definitely on our list of special occasion dinner restaurants along with some others.  Will definitely go back again.
If you ever feel hungry and tired or same kind of food, this place is for you. Start with an amazing salad collection filled with any type of cheese and amazing dressings. Don't get fill up with that save extra room for the unlimited, all you can eat meat that will change your life with every bite. I  Love the food and the service.
This was my second trip to this location and I noticed their salad bar had fewer items from before.  It was still very good but am disappointed that they seemed to have eliminated some items. I am not a big meat eater and came for the salad bar so I noticed these things. It was still really really good however.
As I sit here savoring all of the delicious meat I am enjoying the classy decor.   I discovered the Brazilian Churrascaria in brazil quite a few years ago.   Fogo de Chao does a fantastic job of grilling the choice cuts.  This reminds me of my original experience there.    The salad bar was very fresh and the biscuits have a wonderful eggy flavor.   All of the wait staff were very attentive and friendly.  This is a great place for a special occasion!
This place does it for me, a meat lovers paradise! Great service and a fun dining experience. Like the lower sirloin and the house special. 

Perfect for meat lovers that want to eat all you want and have a unique dining experience.
We thought we would try this place since we were celebrating my husbands birthday and we LOVE the Churrascaria in San Francisco! Food was delicious and I'm
Only giving this place 4 stars since it fell
Short of a few items from SF. If you want prawns it's extra and the buffet bar was limited on options compared to our go to place. Other than that Service was amazing!
World-class restaurant, servers are excellent.  Although the salad bar is incredible, stay away from it so you can eat more meats, which is their specialty.  Would highly recommend.
We had a great time. I love proper service and I can't say enough about how pleased I am. Every server was happy, polite and very friendly. The salad bar was great. There was a bowl of very dry bacon, how can you not be happy with this. All the salads I tried were top notch. Sliced cheese and meats were great. Don't go crazy there, the meats being served table side are delicious. The sirloins and ribeye were my favorites. Grilled bananas were one of the sides and I loved those. Desert was a chocolate mouse cake, devine. I will be there again!
Was in town again this week.   Came back to check it out.   As always, the service was excellent.   Really enjoyed the house special cut and the ribeye as they were both very tasty.  Manager kept checking in along with the waitstaff   Definitely go again.
The service was great, i didnt have to ask for anything they anticipated our needs and they were there in a snap. great food, good ambiance :)
I've been to other locations many times and te service was a lot better. This location took a while and while going to dinner by myself, they ignored me a bit. Not impressed but still good food.
This place is great! i loved the service!! I just didn't like the overcrowding where you sit. I found it extremely hard to get to the salad buffet from my table while the servers are everywhere giving pieces of meat. I almost always ran into one of them and if not them the the other diners lol! I also didn't like how it is super loud and a little bit overwhelming. Other than that the food and the service were great!!!!!
Was at this restaurant on Saturday 03/22/14 and WAY better than the one in Denver.  Much cleaner and the meat was great.  Definitely will come back and dine here again.
came here with the hubby for the first time, for our date night,had a great time...and the steaks was delicious!...staffs was friendly and helpful. overall the place is beautiful. :)) hubby and I really enjoyed the foods.
I have heard great things about this but we didn't have a good experience.  We went for my birthday(3/29 8PM). We were seated quickly (in a back room) and the 1st server was pleasant. That's where things went wrong. While we went off to the salad bar, we were told bread, water, etc. would be brought to our table. We returned 10 mins later, no water, no bread, no server to be found. Eventually, a young server happened upon our table and was surprised we had no bread, water or PLATES. Went off to see too it. Another 3 or 4 similar visits and someone else asked us if we needed something. I said, yup, water, bread and PLATES (we still couldn't have any of the meat coming around as we had no where to put it) and a manager.  The manager arrived and asked what we needed and, well, yeah, had to point that out to him too as if it wasn't pretty clear we had no plates after 20-25 mins sitting there with nothing to do but toy with the salad scraps.  Off he went.... more time passed and eventually we got the water, bread and some plates bit by bit. One would think he would have quickly resolved this but nope. BTW Skip the bread or whatever those round balls of doughy things were in the basket. 

The meats.... most of them were dry and they cut pieces off the outsides which were hard crust. There were two that were fairly good (rib eye and top round) and my dinner companion enjoyed the pork encrusted with parm. By the time we were situated, the servers had stopped making the rounds in the back two rooms.  Most everyone left

One most interesting things was at one point, our "server" (young maybe 20s I swear his picture is the one in the additional tips for the business offered...get rid of him) that was supposed to bring a plate was so busy chatting and flirting with a couple at another table (he was there a good 10-15 mins and over and over - taking a business card from the female) and the rest of the "servers" who were not making the rounds with meats were grouped in a bunch talking... it was a wonder the "manager' didn't make some effort to stop the behaviors.  The server with the plate in his hand finally managed to drop it in front of me without even looking down at us or saying a word before running back to his discussion across the room.  Me, I would have fired him on the spot as it was THAT BAD.

Salad bar - lame at best. It looked nice but not really much to speak of for such a huge place that is high-end price-wise. For instance, the tomatoes were a main item - they shouldn't have been served they were so under ripe - just one example.

Sides -  Slapped down like an after thought on our table - Mash potatoes that were horrible - had to be from freeze dried. For that matter, the mash potatoes from freeze dried at the market are better by a factor of 10.  What's with you  Fogo de Chao!

Honestly, I can't imagine that the review I saw here relate to the food in this place. Just because they have a lot of different meats (17 we were told) does not make a place a good value or the food well prepared. 

I could not WAIT to get out of there and wrote "HORRIBLE SERVICE" on the check. My comment was we could have eaten at one of the very best steak places in the valley for the same price range compared to this horrible service/food that was equal to a buffet line and meat that shouldn't have been served in 9 times out of 10 samples we had. I left with a greasy feeling in my stomach.

The worst highlight - sitting without plates for 15-20 mins. and the manager having to be asked if he saw anything particularly wrong with that.  Sitting there in an almost empty room (3 tables out of 20) and NO servers coming around. Watching one of the waiters talk to a female guest at a table for what seemed like all evening at various points - I hope she has a job for you because if your management sees your behavior, hopefully, they get rid of you before they lose any more customers.

Keep in mind that this is not a 2 dinners for $20 special. This is a $50 a person plus extra's Scottsdale higher end eatery.  Although, it was worse than Applebees and that is saying A LOT.

NEVER again.
Never was told or saw a sign about the $50/per person (i thought it was 35), so it was a nice sticker shock at the end of this experience. Probably will go here once every blue moon unless someone has a big announcement and wants to celebrate, but it's nice to try it just once. Come here hungry as if you want to eat a horse, because that's exactly what is going down in here.

- the salad bar deserves an A+ .
- all you can (eat/handle) banana fritters. Lord.....A+
Good food. Unfortunately (or fortunately for us), we sniffed out a scam. Check your bills. They overcharged us by +\~ $100. After we alerted the cashier to the mistake, we were offered a shoddy explanation that would leave even the most trusting soul saying "hmmmmm". I surmise there is a rotten apple amongst the staff. Overall, good food. Nice people. ...But something smells funny.
Honestly.. Just thinking about this place, my mouth is watering. 

I've been there a handful of times over the last couple of years, and every time I leave there, i can't want to go back! The food is incredible. INCREDIBLE. Can't emphasize that enough!!! Everything is impressive - but the absolute BEST is the meat! Fresh, juicy, cooked to perfection and brought to your table. The rice is authentic, the fried bananas are sweet and delicious.. oh and that cheese bread.. mouth watering.

I'd highly recommend skipping the salad bar and saving room for the meat!!! I made that mistake a couple of times, but never again ;) There is so much delicious meat to try, it's worth saving the extra room!

Oh and don't forget about dessert - I had the three leches thing there and it's TO DIE for. 

Oh and the service is excellent. It's a little different there - you have multiple people waiting on you - from the people who bring you meats, to cheese bread, rice or water - they do switch-a-roos. But everyone is super polite, well mannered and super helpful. They just recently switched managers, and i really like the new guy. I like that he comes around to say hello and is friendly with the customers.

At $50 a plate, it's not a place I visit often, but like I said, i can't wait to go back every time. Great for special occasions or to dine with a group. My hubby and I seriously try to take everyone we know there because we love it that much!!
I had the opportunity to go here for a group event really really enjoyed it!  The whole concept of this place is just kind of cool.   If your are a vegetarian this place might not be for you although I am sure the menu could accommodate.  I like the table service-  green=bring me more, red=i'm kind of full for now.  The food was really good and the experience of the place was fun!  The salad bar walk thru needs to be re vamped because it doesn't flow fast enough, at least that was my experience on the evening I was there, possible on a slower evening it would be fine.  Good place to go for a special occasion or with a group.  All in all service was good, food was delicious and I can't wait to have a reason to go back!
This was our first visit here. We were invited to dinner by our friends who are Brazilian and wanted us to try authentic Brazilian food. We were told to come hungry. All I have to say was I was not disappointed. Soooo many food choices and they were equally delicious. My absolute favorite was the filet. Dessert was equally delicious. It was an amazing experience. Can't wait to go back again.
Wow this place is pricey but worth it. Endless delicious cuts of meat coming back and back again were incredible. I can't wait to go back even the salad bar was amazing . I guess if you go for lunch its half the price with the same exact menu. So I'll be giving that a try but overall service was incredible. They were on top of it . The wait staff had a team mentality. The only problem now is the pain I'm in from eating too much. But I can't wait to go do it again.
Came here for a dinner with my girlfriend and her father. Amazing service especially from our waiter Junior. Be sure to ask for him! He was very helpful in suggesting wine selections and his own favorites from the menu. His personality and enthusiasm really made our night special. This place is like a wine tasting but for meat. The selections are wonderful and artfully prepared. Be warned that when you flip your card to get meat, there will be a lot of it! Definitely try the lamb chop, one if not the best. Highly recommend this place for any non-vegans.
Brazilian Steakhouse - what does that mean, great food with a multitude of flavors. It also means that they bring out their meats on skewers and carve to your liking.

There is a salad bar available, my suggestion is to get the salad and sides because when you start the meat portion you will need to mix it up a little. 

Turn your card to the green position and let the meat induced coma begin, my personal favorite is the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin. The lamb chops are also a keeper. Keep track of what you get because it will start to look the same.

Would suggest on the first visit to try all the meats to see which one you enjoy. Don't eat everything but conserve your appetite so you can try as many things as you can.
One of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Good price for quality of food. Waiters are always nice, service in dining room is always good. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because no matter your reservation you always end up waiting for your table anyway. Otherwise food is great
I made reservations on a Wednesday night for my husbands birthday. We were seated and the waiter explained the process to us. I mentioned it was my husbands birthday and our first dining experience. It was surprisingly crowded for a weekday. I felt overwhelmed and uncomfortable as soon as we sat down. The seating is very cluttered and the food was mediocre at best. I had to ask for A1 sauce for my steak because it was so bland. The service was somewhat attentive, but nothing special. They forgot our refills and napkins. Also, my husband did not receive his complimentary birthday dessert which was a disappointment. 

Overall, we were not impressed with our experience, especially for the price. Bland steak and sodas for two cost $120 plus tip. We will NOT be returning.
We read Yelp reviews saying don't eat much from the salad bar, but didn't listen! Was too full 1/2 through to try all the meat. It's good stuff though. I suggest you not take the first slice of meat off a new steak unless you like a ton of salt. Our favs were the caramelized bananas and red potatoes from the salad bar.
We had my sister's graduation dinner here and if you like meat, a top notch salad bar, and now even a stellar fish dish. Fogo de Chao won't disappoint. We had a huge party of people and they did a stellar job serving us. It's a place where it's all you can eat and you simply keep getting served until you flip over your card to red or pop from eating so much. The salad bar is one of the best ones I've seen. They had kale salad, pickled tomatoes, a couple good cheeses, and the whole assortment. A vegetarian will not have any issues with finding something to eat even if it is a Brazilian steakhouse.

They also have good desserts and beverages as well as a good dessert drink menu. If you're there to eat meat, only eat a small bit of salad or none at all. They serve a delicious bread before and during, as well a few sides that come out with the meat. Mashed potatoes, fried corn bread type things, and fried plantains. We had a great experience, the servers were attentive and took care of us well.
Restaurant Week Rip Off...

E-mail to: Fogo de Chao.....What a JOKE!!!! I've eaten at your restaurant many times and when I got this months e-mail regarding Arizona Restaurant Week, I thought this was great and what a deal. $40.00 vs.$49.00 plus free dessert. WOW was I mislead;  to find, A Limited meat selection and the dessert was a tiny sliver. One of the main reasons I enjoy your restaurant is the lamb chops and filet both plus others not available. So I choose to pay the full price $49.00, so I could enjoy the things I go to Fogo de Chao for. Then I was told "but we will still include the free dessert" they failed to tell me it was just a tiny sliver and not your normal full portions.

If you want to run a special with reduced selections and portions that is fine JUST SAY SO IN YOUR ADS. Don't wait for me to come in to find out. That just pisses me off and makes me wonder if I'll ever come back. Buyer Beware of Misleading Ads.
Wow, my first time there and I would definitely recommend!!! The meat was great and the creme Brule was to die for!  We had a server named Junior and he was the nicest server we have ever had.  His service was exceptional and made our experience so good that we will definitely tell our friends and return.  The only thing I didn't like is the soda is so small and 4 bucks!! Who charges for refills these days!?
Dinner was wonderful! Our server Junior was the BEST! We will definitely come back here...the food, atmosphere, customer service and the staff were all on point.
So i went here with 4 friends from college- we sat at a round table and had a great time. 

The service was excellent- the waiter gave us an option between restaurant week or normal selection and explained the difference and walked us through the whole process. 

The salad bar has anything you could want- even trendy kale- but dont spend too much time there because you want to save it for the real stuff. 

The meat kept rolling in every minute once we had our card flipped green- it was like heaven on earth. 

The one complaint I have is that the filet was over cooked and slightly burnt- other than that it was a great time with friends 

Id definitely recommend this place. 50 bucks gets you enough food for a week
What better way to learn the anatomy of a cow than through eating it...rodizio style!  I've now been to 4 of the 19 US locations and I would say this one is right on par with the rest of them i've been to.

What do I love about Fogo de Chao?  The quality of meat is excellent compared to many of the other chains.  I consider Texas de Brazil the only competition when it comes to meat quality and flavor.  The service is always impeccable and you never have to wait long for gauchos to make their rounds.  I've also had multiple occasions where the gaucho serving the filet mignon gives generous portions, which quite frankly pays for the meal in itself!

The salad bar could be much improved in my opinion, but I hardly waste any time there so I won't waste my time complaining about it.  The scalloped potatoes are delicious, though...but carbs are AYCE killers!

Every table is served fried polenta, garlic mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas, and the famous cheese balls.  The cheese balls are doughnut hole sized pillows of cheesy doughy goodness, but again...carbs!  

My dad and I love to save the bananas for our dessert.  Seriously though, give me one plate of those bananas, a scoop of Haagen Dazs vanilla ice cream,  and a bed to nap in after I enter my food coma and that's what heaven must be like!

My favorite cuts:
-Filet Mignon...duh
-Picanha, the house specialty
-Ribeye
-Top sirloin
-Leg of lamb
my sister and I went there over the labor day weekend, the good thing was the restaurant week, the bad thing was restaurant week. we did the special offer. and yes it was really good. the place was packed but our table was waiting for us. the salad bar was awesome. I think you can go and just do the salad bar and it would be good in and of itself.
The meat did come and come and come. all great, the only reason I didn't stuff myself was that I wanted that super new York cheesecake for desert. I am soooooooooo glad I did. 
when your in the area this is a must stop.
Authentic and Delicious.  I tried not eating all day in preparation and still could not come close to tasting all the meat.  Salad bar is great, drinks fantastic, and amazing service.
WOW wow WOW! Had a friend in town, so "the girls" got together to dine at Fogo's. Excellent choice. This is one of those place that if you're going there for dinner, don't eat lunch! We started off with drinks. Went lightly on the fabulous salad bar, which is not easy to do as everything looks SO good. Love the little cheesy muffins they bring to the table. Then here comes the meats... I'm not going to ding them a star, but just FYI... the chunk of sirloin they were carving from was tough, and the chicken, a little dry. But everything else was YUMmeee! We even saved room for dessert. The molten chocolate cake was excellent. Not real sweet - I couldn't stop chipping away at it although I was sure I was going to explode. One chum had the Tres Leche cake and said it was the best she's had. Another had the key lime. I'm sure she would have said something, but she was too busy devouring it.  It's a LOT of food, but it's good food. As for the service, also excellent. There was always someone coming by to clear, or serve, or refill. Nicely done Fogo's, nicely done!
I've been to 5 or 6 different Fogo's across the country and this was by far the worst one I've been to. Meat was very dry and we had to wait a long time for any meat to arrive. Overall poor experience.
I absolutely love this restaurant. The service the food the ambience all of it. I've eaten at other restaurants of this brand but this is the best by far. Tender meat beautiful buffet and good wine. A tad pricy but I have gone here three times and this place has yet to be disappointing. Keep it up!
From go
 A wonderful place to go. The salads are good but the meat is great every few seconds someone would ask if we wanted this or that. We left so full I was light headed and I didn't even drink any wine or alcohol. Wonderful staff very on top of it. Thanks guys see you nest time
Great food and atmosphere. The meat never stopped coming. 

Our waiter was having a bad day though. He wasn't the most attentive.  He kept forgetting things we've asked for. Aside from that, great place to go every now and them.
I would rather go to Fogo de Chao than any Steakhouse in town. The food is wonderful, perfectly cooked and they serve you as though you are a king. To my surprise they had a lot of dessert options and the two selections we had were excellent.  I'll be back!
I love everything about Fogo de Chao! An evening at a Brazilian steakhouse is an event. The atmosphere is relaxed, the decor is luxe, and the service is superb. Every part of the restaurant staff seems dedicated to your enjoyment.

Now for the food. I would come here for the salad bar and side dishes alone. Fresh, crisp greens; garden vegetables beautifully presented, an ever changing selection of cheeses and deli meats, olives. I could go on! The garlic mashed potatoes, fried bananas and polenta are delicious and served in the perfect amount. 

What can I say about the meat? Cuts of beef familiar and novel, pork roast, lamb chops, pork and beef ribs all expertly cooked on swords around an open flame. Chicken and sausages roasted to perfection. I loved the top and bottom sirloin and the filet. I always have at least a piece of chicken and a sausage. I was too stuffed to try the lamb or beef ribs.

The dessert was just right. We had the flan, the creme brle and the chocolate mousse cake. 

Finally, the cocktails were perfect. I will always go to a Fogo de Chao when I can. If you've never been there, you owe to to yourself.
Perfect Father's Day dinner. Reservations were on time, no waiting. Service was excellent and the food could not have been better. Even their desserts were perfect. I would go back for any special occasion. It's a lot of food so plan a few hours to enjoy it. They don't push you out the door.
excellent as always except this Fogo was a little slow on the service and kinda stingy with the meats.  I'm a Fogo regular across the country  I've been to Philly, NYC, Las Vegas, Orlando, Atl, Denver and this one was a little subpar.
1 star for service, 4 stars for the food... This is a place we want to love and eat at often but too often the service sucks and it's pretty pricey on top of a long drive for us. Meat is usually very good, today a lot of it was dry and often when you asked for rare you got med well or they would say they would come  back with a more rare cut and didn't. 
The big disappointment was the service though. Our drinks were constantly empty we never got the sides that go with the meats either and could never make eye contract with a server to ask! Finally when we were done he magically appeared and after being asked offered to bring them then, after we will full! He then took 15 minutes to bring check and another 15 minutes to bring back the bank card only to find he mixed it up with a different table!  
Huge huge disappointment, as much as I want to love this place I doubt we will return.
We were the last customer on the day, and it was very close to the closing time (it was 9 PM, not 10 PM). All the staff were very kind and generous though, and the food was good. There was not much choice at the salad bar, but meat coming endlessly was very good.  If you want to devour some meat someday, I am sure that you will not regret!
This place is not easy to review. They do everything right. The restaurant, the service, the food. Everything is great. The only downside is my own gluttonous ways. I have eaten hear a few times over the years. Last night was another great experience. 

The meal starts with an explanation of how everything works and what meats you will be overdosing on. You order drink and head up to the salad bar. 

It's a great spread. Lots of good salad, meats, and veggies. My wife usually just does the salad bar which she says is more than enough food.

Once you finish your salad, and any worthwhile conversation for the night, the fun begins. You flip your table card from red to green and prepare for meat.

At first it seems to come fast and furious. Many servers offering many cuts of meat. I do have a few favorites.

The house special. Prime sirloin cooked perfectly. Well seasoned and a nice smoky flavor.

I also loved the bottom sirloin (flank steak), the ribeye, and of course the filet. The beef ribs were also tasty (what we call brisket)

The side are also delicious. The little bread like popover things are little bites of heaven. The fried polenta sticks are delicious and the fried plantains offer some good sweetness.

So the meat keeps coming until you flip the card back to red. I usually wait way too long to do that. I ate wayyyyyy too much last night. I think I have gout this morning. My brother may have died. 

Some great quotes from our table:

"That last swallow didn't feel right"
"They are going to have to crank up the AC in here if I eat any more."
"I've got a bad case of the meat sweats going here"

Love this place. Also nice that I don't need to eat for the next few days.
Great restaurant. Both food and service was amazing. I expected more from the salad bar but I was there for the meat anyways so it wasn't a deal breaker. It's pricey so this place is good for special occasions. We will definitely go back. Go hungry!
What a crazy fun place!! Be prepared to be STUFFED! So many different and wonderful choices of meat. You could go for the salad bar alone!!! All carved meats are juicy and great. Kabob meat was a little dry. Make sure to pace yourself and pair your meats with fresh flavors like jalapeos and fresh tabouli as you will fill up fast on rich foods!! Go and enjoy!!
A staple popular steakhouse from what I know.  This chain is more than popular everywhere you go.  

They definitely have it down when it comes to serving up "Meat" of all sorts.  My favorite was the bottom sirloin and the second runner up was the rib eye.  Most of the meats were cooked to perfection and juicy while some were over cooked.  The chicken was definitely over cooked and dry.  

They have a nice salad bar cause truthfully after a while you want some greens in your diet so much appreciated.  They had everything from kale to apple salads to freshen up your palate.  

Overall, a nice sit down dining experience and afterwards I hope some of you are like me.  I felt like running it off! -Enjoy!
The parmesan pork just melts in your mouth!
Let me start by saying...I really like this place. Tonight was the second time I have eaten at Fogo-Scottsdale and like the first time, I paid for it dearly.  I have literally eaten twice what my stomach can hold both times.  Part of the reason is that it's fairly expensive, $50/person, and I feel like I need to get my money's worth. LOL. But the bigger part is that it is genuinely good food. The salad bar is good with plenty to choose from and the sides (plantains, polenta, and potatoes) are also good. When you first sit down the bring you these little cheesy, doughy bread cubes. I have no freakin idea what they are called but they are awesome. Then the meat, this is what you come here for and this is what I over indulge on.  I'm really suffering now but an hour ago I was in meat heaven.  The lamb shanks and the bacon wrapped filet mignon are why I come here. Both were cooked perfectly and were juicy and full of flavor. I believe I sampled everything that they offered except for maybe one thing. The chicken was a lil dry but everything else was good. The service was fine as well. I have to take away 1 star because this isn't Morton's or Ruth's Chris or another top-shelf steak house. I'm actually glad that I can dress casual at Fogo because eating this quantity of food while wearing a suit would suck balls! As it is now, I'm laying on the couch hoping I can eliminate some of this excess food before bed while my idiot chihuahua hops around on my stomach. I'm so meat drunk that I can't summon the will to stop him. I'm actually hoping if he jumps on my stomach enough, it will induce vomiting and some of this pressure can be released. That being said, Fogo was awesome again. Many thanks to my wife for taking me here on my birthday. Hit it up, you won't regret it. Ok, maybe you will temporarily, but it's worth it.
Love the food! Can't beat the $5 gyro & it's good too
Good gyro deal. The new ownership and staff is EXTREMELY rude and uncooperative. I called to ask if they had any pizza/wing specials and I was told to go to their website, a website that DOESN'T EXIST! It's unfortunate that the old ownership is gone, I liked them....
Driving on Fort Apache, turned into the driveway and looked for a parking spot. Didn't plan on going here but since KFC and Taco Bell are available almost on every corner, Why not try another Pizza Spot..

One of Worst Pies I ever laid my teeth on:

Medium Pepperoni Pizza: I watched them pull out the pre-prepared pan already stuffed and flattened with dough. Hmm.. I haven't seen this in a while.. Well, can't judge by that alone but I can judge it after I have it! Crust was as thick as a pizza hut pan pizza, more on the thick side but not real deep dish. The dough had an awful flavor and consistency was similar to those microwavable Celeste pizzas! Cheese didn't taste any better. Pepperoni were spread evenly and not loaded, also tasted cheap in my opinion.

I thought, Marcos Pizza was the worse pizza I've had But this place makes them look good?! Just telling it how it was.. (I did try this place a while ago, so maybe they changed their ingredients or recipe..)
They have a $5 Gyro special that lured my friend and I there yesterday. It was serviceable but not the best Gyro by far in Vegas. I think this place suffers from an unfocused menu. They seem to be a Brazilian restaurant and not a Greek restaurant like they were in the past. The service was a bit slow as well, but nothing to really complain about.
They have passed out fliers in the past by the business around here and we had one sitting on our kitchen counter for a while.  So we finally decided to go.  

The reason why I didn't go before was I had a bad experience here during my pre-yelp life.  But you know me - always willing to give it another whirl.  Especially since a lot of time had passed and they were touting new owners/management.

OK - so we get there and I see that not much had changed there.  They still had canned drinks only.  No drink fountain.  No fear, I did drink a lot of water that morning.  The single can of soda made me feel sad.  I would have rather had water.

It took a while for us to be "waited" on. Huh-huh-huh... No, not funny.   We were the ones doing the waiting.   When we finally got to order, we opted for the the $5.00 Gyro special.  It took a very long time for the food to come.  When it finally came I immediately started eating. Not bad.  I am a sucker for gyro's and fries.  

Unfortunately, service is part of the equation when I rate a business.  This place had close to no service.  I also felt ripped off because of the "waiter" service, I am obligated as a decent human being to live a tip. 

If this place would invest in a real drink fountain, some more focus on SERVICE and allow people to order at the counter and pick their food up at the counter a-la fast food style, then I think it would be a winner.

They also tout a Brazilian menu items here and it did seem to bring a lot of business for their Brazilian food while we were there. Waiting. Watching. Waiting...

I so hoped it would be a winner too because I need a good gyro supply by my work place.
My co-worker brought me food from this place for lunch today. It wasn't very good. He said the service wasn't very good either.
I got a steak and eggs meal. The steak was really really tough. The marinade or  seasoning was not good but it was edible. The rice sucked - really mushy. The beans were not good at all. The eggs were not bad. The 2 stars go just for the french fries!! They were great!! They remind me of NJ diner fries :)  I don't recommend going here. It's kind of disappointing bc  they have all these pics of UFC stars (vitor belfort and gsp) eating there, saying that they loved the food. Blahh.
My bf really wanted pizza so we decided to try this place out. The service is terrible and the pizza was the greasiest thing I have ever seen. The combo is a can of soda and nothing else. I am never coming back here again!!
This place is whack, don't waste your time! If you're lookin for that Mom and Pop's fabulous experience you WON'T find it here. This place has no music while dining, has no menu when you walk in, and gives you a lousy canned soda with your order. This place simply has no experience worth remembering. Don't be fooled by the special posted in the window. I've had better carnival food! Save yourself the hassle and walk 2ft over and get yourself a killer teriyaki bowl from Yogi's!!
The Boca do Brasil is a great place to eat. I go there with my family and we always have a great experiences. 
The food was simply delicious, we left satisfied by the homemade food.The Coxinha is so  amazing.
This is a small family-owned restaurant in Las Vegas,  and is great that we are just have good things to say.
Went here today to get some Brazilian bites.  This place is great!  For anyone who's been to Brazil or even wants to try some tasty authentic Brazilian food, this is the best place in town.

Prices are a bit on the high side but nothing unreasonable.  Ambience is a little lacking, just some tables and plain walls, but the service was good considering it was standing room only.  

We tried the coxinhas and pasteis as well as the obligatory can of authentic Guarana, and everything was great!
I really don't understand why this place has bad reviews, their brasilian food is really good, after all, the name of the restaurant is boca do BRASIL!! They serve picanha which is a brasilian meat cut that is out of this world, if you want to eat this meat youll have to pay $50+ and go to a brazilian steakhouse. Here they have it well cooked, well seasoned for about 13 or 14 bucks. They have strogonoff which i really loveeeeee, they are sweet people, trying to run a business. Stop making it hard for them and stop giving bad reviews because they only have canned drinks. really??!!! oh and by the way, you have to wait for the food because THEY ARE MAKING IT FRESH. Their food really is delicious.
I ordered a gyro sandwich. It was good. I'm surprised they don't offer falaffel here though.
if you are expecting a fancy Brazilian steakhouse, this isn't  the place for you. However, if you are looking for something reasonably priced and authentic, come here! When I went to Brazil, I fell in love with their food. Therefore, I was happy to stumble upon Boca do Brasil. I felt like i was back in Brazil when I came here.     When you eat here, I recommend that you try the following foods: coxinhas, pasteis, feijoada, picanha(top sirloin), pizza com frango e catupiri, and aa na tigela. Do you not want to leave the house? No problem, they deliver. Enjoy,
Oh man, I had high hopes for this place. We had two waitresses. The first one was very friendly. The second one was nice but a bit dry. :o/ Sorry waitress, but you need to be more upbeat!! Especially if you want to wake this girl up to eat at your establishment. We came around 11am. We were the only ones there but people started to trickle in for take out. 

Wish I took a menu so I could remember the names of our dishes. :o/

Our order: 
Coxitan: Tasted like a deep fried breaded mashed potato ball with chicken. Pretty good. The potato inside was warm but the chicken was just room temperature. 
#8 Steak and Eggs: So disappointed with this dish. The egg looked overcooked and dry and the steak was UNSEASONED! Come on guys, just a bit of salt will do the trick.
#9 Steak with potatoes: A bit better, but it really didn't even look the dish on the menu. It was just one potato, not even cut. Still good, but eh. 
#Gyro: I was expected nicely sliced lamb or beef. But it tasted like sausage? Breakfast sausage? Still I enjoyed this dish. The pita bread was nice and soft.
#X-Americano: Ham, egg, cheese sandwich (on a hamburger bun). Nothing special but I liked this better than the gyro.

And well, that was it. That was my experience there.
I was born and raised in Brazil. Every time my wife and I vacation in Las Vegas, we eat at this place, we try to support local businesses as much as possible. This restaurant used to be good .There are two waitresses, one is very nice, but the one who is always at the register could work on her people skills, too dry. I ordered 2 beef parmegianas+2 pastels+2 cans of guarana=41$, pricey. The meat was terrible. Both steaks had a huge piece of nerve right on the center, taking up 50% of the steak. The nerve was as hard as bone. The 2 cans of guarana were 3 bucks each. When the lady took them out of the fridge, they were still warm so I asked for a refund and she refused saying "you got to understand, we barely put the cans in the fridge, and it's just $6, take something else instead! " so I ended up taking 6 cans of coke. Although the pastels were good, this place is a joke! I'm never going back! check out 3 photos of the huge nerves.
I read the reviews about this place but went anyways because I love authentic Brazilian food, and I was pleasantly surprised. 

The atmosphere is definitely more laid-back than a fancy restaurant, but we had no problems with the service and the food was great; good portions, great flavors. 

The server was friendly and more than accommodating  when we requested a few extra things (a side of rice and beans for our little girl, etc.). The wait for food was what you'd normally expect, and it was nice and hot when we got it. 

Portions were good too. Neither my wife or I could finish our meals. 

Be sure to try the Coxinha (chicken with the catupiry cheese), and ask for some farofa to put on your rice and beans. The dessert cake (chocolate coconut with condensed milk or something) was amazing.
This place was recently taken over by a Brazilian family. Definitely try ANYTHING from the Brazilian part of the menu. The pizzas are good too. Really good food and decent prices. They are still trying to get the hang of serving because their main focus seems to be to-go orders. I am usually there at least once a week.
I love their pizza!  I keep meaning to try the rest of the menu but I am so in love with their pizza that I just never get around to it.

It's definitely more of a carry out type eatery than a sit down and eat restaurant, but I just can't get enough of it.

The lady behind the counter who usually takes my order is also very friendly.
Good food and good price but very simple place! It could be better organized!! I tried the piranha and I liked it very much! Plus they have guarana
Not sure why this place doesn't have a better review. Everyone always treat me very good and the food is very yummy. It reminds me of my mom's cooking back in Brazil. The owner is super sweet. She always comes out to say hi. If you are looking for a Mom and Pap restaurant this is the place to go ;)
So I decided to try something brand new and Brazilian food sounded very interesting for me. I made the biggest mistake of my life. This is my first experience with Brazilian food but I'm sure this place does not do it justice.

When I walked in, the lady told me she would be right with me and walked to the kitchen for a good 10 minutes. Then another customer came in and she took his order right away ahead of mine. Again, after taking the second customers order, she told me she would be right back.

Just when I was about to leave she comes back out and asks "what do you want?" I the rudest tone you can imagine.

I had a lamb gyro combo which included salad, fries, the gyro, and a drink.

I was surprised when the wait wasn't long since she made me wait so long already. Then I realized why it was so fast.

I'm not joking when I say the lamb pieces looked like microwaveable sausage patties. The fries looked like microwave food as well. I figured I should be open to all types of food, but this place has almost scarred me for life. I hope I can find a place to change my mind about Brazilian food.
Was craving a gyro but didn't want to go too far out of my way. I was skeptical about gyros from a Brazilian place but I was pleasantly surprised. The meat wasn't the typical shaved off the spit kind. It was more like elongated thin meat patties that tasted like regular gyro meat but they were juicer and less salty. I would definitely get them again.
OMG i was in brazil for a month and fell in love with brazilian food..

I was referred to this place and i was so excited and not disappointed in the food and service.. 

I got the COXINHA absolutely delicious.. and the Linguica Acebolada which is smoked sausage and grilled onions with rice and beans and fries..

Defiantely worth eating here if you love Brazilian food!!!!
I've been once before a while back and was amazed by the coxinha. so I went back today and ordered that, the pastel with the sausage, and the lamb gyro. I have to say that the first bite of coxinha was awesome then it just went downhill. it wasn't as good as I remembered or wanted to remember. the best out the things I ordered was the gyro. altho I have to question if it was REAL lamb that I ate. it seemed like a hybrid mystery meat. the pastel, I don't even know what that's supposed to be but it seemed like giant fried flour with canned sausage meat and mayo inside it. couple bites and I couldn't even eat it.  I don't think I'll ever come here again. if you are in the mood for some Brazilian food then start with the coxinha since it's their popular item.
This was my first time eating brazilian cuisine, I might not be able to provide a useful review. However, I will try my best basing this review from my experience and taste of food. 

When I opened the door I thought that I came to a wrong place because the first thing I saw were swimsuits for sale. I did not expect that at all. I seated myself because it was a small restaurant and it was almost empty. The server came over and took my order. I ordered the steak that comes with two fried eggs, fries, rice, salad and beans. 

The food was alright, a bit pricey for me. I kind of regretted not going somewhere else for the price i paid which was 12-14$ including the tip. I cant compare this with other braziian food other than brazilian steakhouse I've been to which is very different. The steak is pretty salty, in fact, salt is all i tasted. The eggs made the whole dish better though. I still recommend for you guys to give this place a try. not bad and good service.
Probably the Best food in Vegas for the money. So unique! So tasty. Never had anything here that I don't like
Boca do Brasil  o verdadeiro restaurante brasileiro em las Vegas!.

This is a really authentic Brazilian restaurant in Las Vegas, so if you are looking for a cheap, good, authentic brazilian restaurant and all you can find are those gigantic and expansive stake houses, now you found your place. Boca do Brasil has authentic street food, that kind of food you can find anywhere, from padarias to small bars downtown Copacabana and in the center of Sao Paulo.

Boca do Brasil have brazilian salgadinhos, Guaran Antartica, homemade catupiry, sandwiches,  pasteis, and a beautiful, comfortable, yet small environment :)

The service is great and they speak good English,  Portuguese and Spanish! Their waitress is super funny and she learned Portuguese while working over there. The owner is always there and their food is super fresh!!! You won't regret,  but remember that this is a very affordable place so don't rate it down just because it's not like "Fogo de Chao" and other super high end expensive brazilian stake houses in Vegas. This is not a steak house! This is a contemporary brazilian restaurant that serves authentic and fresh Brazilian foood.

They usually have Brazilians eating there so you know it's authentic and good! Their tv always plays brazilian channels and they always give you free "Cachaa" shots when Brazil scores during the soccer games.
I have been eye balling this place for a couple of years in other cities but never made it. We happen to stay right across the street from here in Vegas. They are brand new here... Day 3. My sister and I were fatigued from mediocre and over priced meals at trendy LV restaurants all weekend. This place is amazing... In every aspect!! The service was attentive and plentiful, but not over the top or insincere. 

The food:
Amazing.. Enough said!
The salad bar was very high quality... Nutty parmesan, high quality cure meats (procuitto etc), butter lettuce, lox, variety of quality  cheeses, homemade salads... I am not a buffet person at all but this salad bar was top notch!!

The meats and sides:

Again top quality and amazing... I loved all the meats.. Especially the lamb, rib eye, filet and house special... Seriously amazing.

$44.50 per person... Worth every dime!!
Only mediocre compared to Texas de Brazil. It fell very short on the atmosphere and the salad bar. Slightly short on the meats. Couldn't believe we were seated with no reservation so easily....now I know. Service was overzealous!! (I guess that's better than inattentive).
Re-born again Fogo virgin reporting at duty:

You know the scene in Rush Hour where Jacky Chan and Chris Tucker walk into the "salon" with the AYCE sea of women....well thats how I felt like at Fogo de Chao except I don't have to feel guilty and I can live to tell you about my full out meat-gasm experience.

First, the salad bar is massive to say the least with smoked salmon, variety of prosciutto, cheeses, salads, and green and white asparagus. But follow the advice: 1 plate only! You'll be excited but this is a marathon, not a sprint and you'll wanna save your room for the main event. Don't punch yourself out like they say in boxing.

When it comes to meats, go with the lamb chops, filet mignon, rib eye, and bacon wrapped filet. It's easy to wanna grab everything you see but a wise man once told me at a strip club- the key is to scan the room, take everything in, and strategically choose your meats; otherwise you'll be throwing in the towel before you know it.

The meats are well seasoned, delicious, serve how you like it. If you like it bloody, then they got it rare for you.

The service here is exceptional and this growing brand of Brazil steak dominance is here to stay.  

I was a kid in candy store. My first experience was with Fogo nearly 15 years ago and I'm proud to say I'm a born again Fogo virgin!
I have a new love of my life... her name is Rib Eye.  I'm not sure why her parents named her that but she's really hot.  She's very tender.  And she feels so good to me... puts a smile on my face!  This is getting weird ok...

First of all, I love this place.  Service is outstanding.  Did you know the waiters cook the meat as well??  

So back to the rib eye.  I always loved their house top sirloin, the leg of lamb and the lamb chops, and the filet mignon, but I have a new favorite which is the ribeye.  Juicy, sizzling tender pieces.  So great.  Be sure to ask for their house chimichurri sauce.

Salad bar is definitely not the star, but I liked it.  You're here for the meat anyway people, cmon!
I visited Fogo de Cho this week for lunch and it was great. 

Salad Bar: You can easily fill up on the salad bar. Great selection and everything looked fresh.

Meats: The usual meats offered at other Brazilian steakhouses and everything I had was delicious. I often had to turn my card over so I could work on finishing what was starting to pile up. 

Service: Service was great, plenty of attention with drink refills, offering meats, etc. There was a pretty decent lunch crowd but each time I turned my card over instantly someone was by my table ready to offer more meat.
There are a handful of Brazilian churrascaria restaurants in Las Vegas, and I have tried four of them to date.  After a recent meal at Fogo de Chao, the newest member of Las Vegas' Restaurant Row on E. Flamingo and the latest (possibly the greatest) Brazilian BBQ hot spot to open in Sin City, I am very happy to recommend to all meat lovers living and visiting Las Vegas to make an obligatory pit stop at Fogo de Chao during your stay.

And here are the list of reasons why:

1) The value is unbeatable!  At $44.50 for dinner ($22.50 salad bar only) or the amazing promotional value of just $26.50 during lunch ($19.50 for salad bar only) it will be the best steakhouse meal you can have, without being $7/side to death.

2) The servers are actually the cooks/chefs that prepared the cut of meat they are serving.  They are intimately knowledgeable about the food they serve you, and which part is your desired steak doneness, so you can fully enjoy your food.

3) The salad bar is huge and stocked with top of the line items (giant extra fancy Hearts of Palms, artichoke hearts, a whole wheel of Parmigiano-Reggiano!), some you perhaps will not even recognized because it is not typically served on a self-served salad bar.  (The salad bar only option is perfect for those that are not too carnivorous).  Although I will say that the salad bar selections are not as extensive as some others in town, which can be viewed positively (more room for meat!) or negatively (dude, where's the fillers I am used to getting full on at XYZ churrascaria). 

4) The wine selection is extensive, and smartly organized in their beautiful display case for speedy access and service.

5) The best chicken (secret is the overnight marinade in brandy, beer and other seasoning) before being rotisserie roasted over hickory fire to perfection.  And this is not even a "chicken" place.

6. New Zealand Lamb!  Served as whole roasted Leg of Lamb or Racks of Lamb.

7) All steaks served are Angus beef and wet aged, always fresh and never frozen!

8) Multiple private rooms available (all hooked up with A/V setup) for corporate and special occasions functions.  NO DEPOSITS required, charged per person, and is available on a first come first serve basis.

9) Will offer brunch on special holidays, such as Mother's Day.

10) Service is very attentive, drinks are frequently refilled.  Service for the meats can feel somewhat overwhelming at first, but you can always turn over the GO/STOP card until you want more. 

Ambiance:  4.5/5  Very spacious and up scale. Private rooms are stylishly decorated.

Service:  4.5/5  Very friendly and attentive.  If you have any requests, just ask the staff.

Food:  4.5/5  Heaven for BBQ meat and steak lovers.  I can see a lot of lost business opportunities at other steakhouses in Las Vegas, once words spread about Fogo de Chao. Salad bar is respectable for a steakhouse, and everything is essentially top of the line and fresh, without the steakhouse a la carte price!

Price:  4/5  Dinner
             5/5 Lunch

Parking:  4/5  There are self parking spots available, as well as complimentary valet parking.
Excellent Meat, the meat was better than Texas De Brazil 
HOWEVER, The salad Bar, I'm not a fan, I would have to give Texas De the vote on that one. Nothing was labeled so I was unclear on what some of the things were. 
The service was impeccable & everyone was very attentive!
Overall, we had a wonderful experience.
Omg...serious meat overload. This is an insane amount of meat to be eating in one sitting. My favorite was the pork ribs. My least favorite item was the lamb, it tasted funny. I'm just not used to lamb meat, I guess. The service was great. The plantains were good. The salad bar was wonderful. I should've spent more time there to alleviate the guilt of eating so much meat! I definitely missed eating a traditional thanksgiving dinner, but this was a nice 'little' adventure.
I had my Thanksgiving dinner here b/c M Buffet had a 5 hour wait .. good thing I did!  My bf never went to Texas de Brazil before so we just went recently and he thought it was good.. but I knew there was better .. and here it is!  

The service here was GREAT, although I did knock off one star .. will explain later.  The servers knew the menu and offerings very well.  The salad bar was simple but very good, although some labels would have helped.  The meat selection was amazing, especially the filet, MUCH better than Texas de Brazil.  

Now one star was taken off b/c it took about 20-25 minutes for us to get our check.  We asked a server for a dessert menu and instead he had a server recite the menu to us.  She was very knowledgeable of the dessert menu, which was great, but I couldn't remember everything she said, so she gave us a dessert menu and never came back.  Finally after waiting 20 minutes we flagged down a server to get our check and just skip dessert.  I think b/c they all work together and there's no designated server, no one knows to come back and check on tables.  I saw another review saying their sides were replaced promptly, which was not the case for us, as he replaced our sides after our plates were already taken. 

But overall food and service was great, I'd still come back again and now I know what dessert I want to try without having to ask for the menu!
I LOVE this place! 5 stars all the way! But Texas de Brazil is better if I was to choose for dinner option. Why? Texas the most amazing Salad Bar of any Buffet in Las Vegas with virtually the same meat. 14 cuts to be exact.

With that being said, the meat at Fogo is a hair tastier. Minus the hair in it. All the cuts here are very lightly seasoned as oppose to Texas which heavily salt their meat. I like my cuts medium-rare so lightly salted tastes better. Towards the end of the meal when I like it medium well, so the heavily salted-seared pieces are better. This only works with their Rib-eye here. In fact, I will only want to eat Rib-eye here. It's their best cut. And they sure give generous portions per cut.  

So with a poor Salad bar and slightly tastier meat, why a 5 stars? The lunch time menu! Everything is the same for 50% off M-F. AMAZING! If this place was closer to me. I'd be here once a week!
Hmm Texas de Brazil or Fogo? That was the question on my brain yesterday morning and I couldn't decide so like a fatty I went to Fogo for lunch and Texas for dinner. Fogo is good but between the two it is definitely a toss up. Fogo has the better decor,, service was 5 stars and very attentive, good wine selection, and for some reason I liked their thick forks....i know weird. But anyway, its all about the food and I think Fogo's salad bar is amazing and has way more vegetables than Texas and their asparagus stalks are huge. They also have a good selection of cheeses and cold cuts as well but I didn't notice any hot dishes (maybe because it was lunch). Texas on the other hand had more choices of hot side dishes which is nice but I would much rather have more of a selection of vegetables.  

I do have to say I liked Texas meat better than Fogos. The bacon wrapped chicken at Texas is damn good but for some reason the chicken and some of the sirloins at Fogos were extremely dry. I didn't even want to finish the rest of my bacon wrapped chicken because it was that dry and I mean damn how are you gonna mess up something with bacon on it? (noticed i said "didn't want to" oh i still ate it tho ...but begrudgingly) But the rest of the meat: the lamb, the house meat Picanha and the bacon wrapped sirloin, da-yamn! Yeah I'll be back.
I have frequented the Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills and was pleasantly surprised to receive a letter from the manager of Beverly Hills to dine at the new Fogo de Chao in LV. I invited some friends to come along and we had a very enjoyable meal and very comparable to the quality of the Beverly Hills restaurant. I've been to many brazilian bbqs in LV and in Southern CA and Fogo is definitely on the higher end of quality meats. They may not have as large a selection as some other places, but their meat quality and light seasoning is definitely better that others. I was not reaching for water as much as I do compared to other places (like Texas de Brazil) since they over season/salt their meats. 

Being a new restaurant, the decor and ambiance was very nice. The service was great as it appeared they had a lot of staff that was extremely attentive to everything that you needed - whether it be a refill on your drink, a new plate, more meat, or something else from the salad bar. They also kept bringing refills of the sides - the mashed potatoes and the fried bananas. Also the cheese bread is one of the best! My only complaint (if you can even call it that) is that their salad bar is lacking in selection. The Beverly Hills location definitely has a larger bar with more variety and I know that some of the other restaurants (like Texas de Brazil) have more selection. However, the place is for meat-eaters, and so perhaps less selection could be a good thing.

Overall, we were all happily stuffed from a very enjoyable meal and will definitely be back for another round soon.
Dined here with family and loved it. Centrally located with valet or self parking. The service was amazing and the servers were extraordinarily accommodating. I wanted tiny tastes of the meats and they obliged without pushing more food on me than I wanted.  The servers were friendly and in the know re the menu options and immediately cleared plates and brought fresh plates. The sides served on the table were fantastic. I especially enjoyed the chicken and filet.  Loved that the meats were not heavily sauced or salted.  Everything on the salad bar was fantastic - the smoked salmon, hearts of palm, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus , cucumber salad, artichoke hearts and cheeses were standouts for me. Some  reviews I'm seeing favor other Brazilian steakhouse salad bars over Fogo's, but I loved Fogo's due to the variety of healthful options. After all, if I"m going to go a bit protein crazy for my entree, having some fresh vegetables not dripping in oil or sauce is a good thing!   That being said, the crispy polenta served as a side was outstanding and the rolls on the table were fabulous. (Bread has to be really "worth it" to me to spend the calorie real estate -- these were!) I was impressed by the wine selection and the by the bottle, half bottle or by the glass options. We had no stomach real estate room but the in-house-made desserts certainly seemed appealing -- many options.  I love the fact that they have a lunch option as well that is quite affordable. I left my meal feeling content and not feeling sick or stuffed. And the scale didn't show damage the next day, either.  Kudos to Fogo!
I came here recently for a Yelp event and I thought the food was amazing! The salad bar is a little smaller than some places but I was fine with the side of mash potatoes for my meats. Meat and potatoes go great together and this left me with more room for their addicting cheesy rolls! 

The meat is so tender and flavorful here! This is why I prefer Fogo de Chao over their competitors. I tried their beef, lamb, sausage and even chicken. Typically at these places I will skip over the chicken but I would suggest trying their chicken ...it has a great flavor to it! I love that the meats were succulent and not tough or gamey tasting. 

I also  think they have stellar customer service here. The wait staff always comes by to make sure you are doing okay. My husband asked for some well done beef and two people came out with it! It's wonderful thing because in some places it's a struggle to even get your water refilled!

The decor and presentation of Fogo de Chao is very welcoming . They even have the name of their restaurant engraved on their cutlery . When they pay this much attention to detail it tells me that they not only care about the quality of the food but also of the experience they are providing to their patrons.
best rodizio brasileriro, not even in Brazil I had it this good. Every meat is perfect full of flavor especially my personal favorite, the picanha. Even the buffet, while being not overwhelming has big and juicy veggies, prosciutto and a whole parmigiano reggiano cheese for you to dig! I never once had dessert with rodizio but at Fogo I had to try a dessert that I only had in brazil crema de mamao (spelling not sure) which is papaya blended with ice cream and some brazilan liquor in it, really good.
The place was super packed and I can see why meats and service were top notch I will definitely be back soon.
It is unfortunate for via brasil (which used to be my fav in town) and texas (not that great anyway) I will never go anywhere else for a brazilian meat feast. There is no comparison for the quality and the taste of the meat, while pretty much you get the same variety everywhere.
First off I have to preface this review with I'm not a huge meat eater, so why did I come here you ask? Work Xmas party, and I've heard a lot of buzz on this place, so I thought I'd give it a try. I was going to just get the salad bar at first, but at $22 a person, I might as well try the entire experience for $45. I wasn't impressed with the salad bar, I think I've had a better selection at Sweet Tomatoes, so that was a letdown. Then the meat started coming, and it was like meat overload. Nothing really was spectacular, honestly the only piece of meat I liked was the lamb. The best part of my experience here was the 3 caipirinhas. 

For dinner and 3 cocktails, my bill was $110. Really? Not a chance I would ever go back and spend that again, for that kind of money I will go to a restaurant on the strip. 

I gave one star for service, they were on top of it. And another star for the food not being bad. Guess this place just wasn't my thing.
Best service, best food I have ever had. The salad bar was super high quality and the Brazilian meat was an absolute dream. Their house special meat was best of the best!
Just in case you fell off the turnip truck....

Rodizio Brasileriro are all about meat. SO if you don't like meat and you give the place two stars; you're dumb. 

The salad bar was fresh and had interesting selections. They didn't have bacon bits. They had strips of bacon. I thought that was cool. The asparagus was perfect. 

Now about the meat!

Beef Ancho (Rib Eye) was the best. It was tender and flavorful. I literally cut it with my fork. 

most of the cuts were prepared more than one way. We usually say "no chicken!" When we go to rodizios but the bacon wrapped chicken smelled so go; I had to try it. 

Part of the experience is the smell. There is just something about the smell of open fire and roasting meat that appeals to me on an emotional level. 

They also have an impressive wine selection and the wait staff was top notch. 

(vegans... go away! you ruin everything!)
I'm a vegetarian and this is my favorite restaurant.  Best salad bar in the world and amazing service. I'm used to the swanky Philly location.  Las Vegas was a bit more "down to earth" (go figure) but the service was just as spectacular.  Loved it!
For $50 a person service cannot get any better. The experience was incredible..there was never a second where I had to wait around for my drink or bread, as soon as the staff sees you're 1/3 of the way done with something, boom! they bring you more. The food was great! The salad bar is maintained fresh by having a staff member watching over it and refilling the trays whenever they start looking empty or unappealing. The staff in the front of the restaurant are really nice and make you feel comfortable from the get go. If you think it's a little pricey, just try it once for the great experience that they offer you!! It's worth it!!!!!
You like meat? You came to the right place. 15 different cuts of meat. All of them are really good. Each one is cooked perfectly, the servers even ask which part you'd like and they'll slice off a piece for you. Filet mignon is outstanding. But my favorite was the rib eye. 

The salad bar seemed average, but it's good enough for a prelude to the meat extravaganza. 

The servers were nice and our waitress was really engaging and not in a fake way either. 

Would come back here for special events. It's on the pricier side but that's what you do for special events. I wouldn't eat here everyday, my cardiologist would be disappointed and I don't have a cardiologist.
This place has a very good selection of meat. From rib eye, fillet, fillet wrapped with bacon, tenderloin, lamb, lamb chop, pork rib and many more that I missed. I wish I could have all of the servers line up in front of me and let me choose the meat right from the beginning. Because I feel like it's kind of hard to catch all of them. If you are a meat lover, you really can't go wrong with this place.

All of the meat are perfectly cook, maybe 1 out 10 is a little overcook, but mostly they do a pretty good job. 

The seasoning, nothing fancy is just kosher salt and pepper. They believe, that's the best way to bring out the most flavor of a good piece of meat.

I disagree with some reviewer that say the meat are lightly seasoned. When I was there, some of the meats are too salty. I think it will be depends on the the chef that works that day. 

Salad bar, I really wish I can have a soup from the salad bar. For me that's a big letdown. I love the lobster bisque at Texas de Brazil. I could have 3-4 cups of them. Fogo doesn't even have any soup. Because of that, I would have to take away one star. 

Service and atmosphere are top notch. 

Price is kind of high. But it's understandable, considering that the location is kind of close to the strip. Just be careful, if you get a couple drinks with a dessert. Your bill will easily goes to around $70 per person for lunch or over $100 per person for dinner.
Most desserts are around $10 per plate which is a little bit higher than Texas de Brazil.

I still think the meat here are a pinch better than Texas. but not by much. Overall, I would still rather go to Texas de Brazil, just because they have a better salad bar.
My first experience at a Brazilian restaurant was a hit. We were meeting friends there to begin our New Years Eve right. We had to valet, which was unnecessary. They had plenty of parking right out front. Seemed like their plan to get a few more dollars from you. There was no food menu. Everyone gets the same, which is fabulous. They serve each table with cheesy, soft, moist, golf ball sized breads. I absolutely loved them. I had to restrain myself. I could have filled up on them.  The salad bar was really good. Lots of great cheeses. They had crispy, thick bacon. My favorite part was the thinly sliced raw salmon. Each person has circular cardboard disc. Green on one side and red on the other. Green means you want meat and red means you don't. Some times it took a few minutes to get served, but most of the time they overwhelmed you with amazing meats. They had many selections. All fresh and cooked to perfection. They ask "well, medium, or raw?". Each skewer had all three temps. Everyone at my table liked the prime rib the best. I preferred the filet minion. I know I had too much. They raved about the chicken, but it paled in comparison to the meats. Ask for the Brazilian hot sauce. I cannot remember the name, but it looked like apple sauce. The mashed potatoes and bananas were served with the meat. It was good too.  The server was super friendly and really knew her stuff. She recommended desserts. She did not say that they were not included in the price. We tried the flan. None of us like flan all that much, but she did a great job recommending it. It was the best I ever had. Perfect texture: smooth and thick. The sauce was out of this world. It cost $8.50. I think the meal cost around $45. We split the cost among each other, which came to $75 each (included bottle of wine). I really enjoyed it and don't regret spending the money. However, there are so many great places in Vegas that are more affordable.  I would recommend this place to someone that has never tried Brazilian steakhouse and didn't mind splurging a little.
I had a wonderful experience at Fogo de Chao a month ago with Other Yelpers (CMYE by Misti).   I always wanted to come back and dine here again...  As promised, returned to Fogo de Chao to have a New Year's Eve Dinner with friends.  
When we walked in, we were greeted by three hostesses, and I thought it would be a busy night.  I really liked the nice open dining area which is something I always noticed when I walked into the restaurant.  The moment our seated, the waitstaff brought us a small basket of warm puffy biscuit that tasted like cheddar cheese, yumm!
We all wanted to drink a good red wine and the waiter recommended several easy & smooth taste of wine that we should try out for the evening.  We decided to try a bottle of "La Creama Pinot Noir Sonoma Coast". It was absolutely delicious-great balance & full of fruit :).  After ordering our wine, we all started with going to the unlimited salad bar to start with something light.  The salad bar here is actually simple and decent-a various kinds of cheese, vegetable, and salads.  Well, I really appreciate the fact that they kept it simple.  Anyways, I am here at the restaurant to have all different section of meats!
I have tried everything except the Lamb and Chicken Heart.  I really enjoyed having a Pork Sausage, Filet Mignon, Top Sirloin, Flank Steak, Prime Rib, and Garlic Sirloin.  The skewer of meat kept coming to our table.  I don't remember how many times I turned my "Green Dial (which means KEEP THE ENDLESS MEAT COMING, PLZ)" on the table.
We finished our meal with sharing a plate of dessert, FLAN!  Oh my goodness, the texture of the pudding custard was something different than what I usually had it before.  I was very fond of the FLAN :) :) 
It's a great place to have a nice meal for a special occasion and I would suggest going for lunch since it's less expensive.   But, definitely worth the splurge...  I'm sure I'll be back.
And it is good to have some cash in your purse because I was asked to valet on both trips to the restaurant. 

Don't forget to finish off your meal with a mouth-watering dessert, Flan :-9
 
FLAN  People........, F L A N !!!
Very much like Texas de Brazil. The service is better, the meat is better, the salad bar is smaller and lacks some of my favorites from Texas de Brazil. That being said, Fogo's service and meat quality makes it my top Brazilian BBQ spot in town. Also, their cheesy bread balls are the best I've ever had, I think I ate 6 of them. This is where service comes into play, I never once had to ask for more bread or fried bananas, in fact, often these items were refreshed before we were even done with the previous order.
Endless meat...What's not to love?!?

The service and the food are both awesome. Unlike many other Brazilian BBQ places, their cuts of meat are always of the highest quality and cooked perfectly. While their salad bar is not the biggest (I'm not here for that anyway), the items they have are tasty and fresh. The side dishes they serve (cheese rolls, mashed potatoes, crispy polenta, and caramelized bananas) are all delicious.

I highly recommend their picanha (top sirloin), parmesan pork loin, filet mignon, and their chicken. All of the meats are cooked to perfection and served to your liking (in terms of doneness).

The servers are attentive and make sure that you have what you need. I really appreciate that they will ask if there is a particular meat you would like. All in all, they provided us with a wonderful dining experience.
There are some meals that you have that you know you will remember for years to come. This was my experience at Fogo de Chao.

I had the good fortune to join a longtime friend who had done very well at the tables earlier that day. This meant that our meal started with the best possible aperitif: a 2 oz pour of MacCallan 30, which pretty much went into a barrel when I was born. This now entitles me to a little bit of a humblebrag: Don't have 30-year-old scotch, because it will make enjoying anything less FAR more difficult.

Onto the meal. Skip the salad bar, as you will want as much room as possible for the wonderful meats. I have listed them here in order of preference. Full disclosure, however: our wine pairings took this meal from excellent to legendary. We had an '08 Brunello and then an '06 Insignia Meritage. Also not recommended if you ever want to enjoy red wine again. 

LOMBO (parmesan-crusted pork loin) - This was an incredible dish. Tender, juicy, perfectly prepared pork, and with just the right amount of parmesan covering the pork loin to flavor it and add a bit of texture.

FILET MIGNON - this is my go-to dish at pretty much any steakhouse, and although I normally like mine prepared medium, it's only the upscale places that do medium-rare that I still eat. So I asked for medium-rare, and got a piece that I was slightly uncomfortable with visually, but it was STILL amazing. It's also served wrapped in bacon, and while I like bacon, the filet by itself is outstanding.

CORDEIRO (lamb leg) - this comes as both leg of lamb, and lamb chops. I only had the leg, and it was divine. Not even a hint of gaminess.

FRALDINHA (bottom sirloin) - It never occurred to me that "top" sirloin had a "bottom" counterpart, but this was it. It's incredibly well-marbled and, for someone who is careful to cut out any extra fat visible on any cut of meat, I didn't leave a trace of this behind.

PICANHA (top sirloin) - I had the garlic-seasoned version of this dish, and while it was very good, it was still outdone by the dishes above. Apparently it's one of their signature offerings, but it kind of got lost in everything else that was at or above its level.

There were plenty more meats that came by our table, but after the above I skipped most of them. Word to the wise: don't come to a place like this and take up valuable stomach space on chicken.

For dessert, we had the flan -- very good and with a generous amount of sauce. But the fried bananas can easily be your dessert here.

Our service was excellent. I was with company that knew a LOT about wine, and he was impressed with how each of the servers (not just the sommelier) knew a lot about the selections we had made. We felt very well taken care of, as was sort of expected, and very much appreciated.

This wasn't just a dinner. It was an experience, and an unforgettable one at that.
What a great meal!  Everything tasted so good and the meats were just delicious.  Thanks fellow yelpers!
I've been to some of the top Steak Houses in Vegas and this place is defiantly in my top 10. Great food, low lighted ambiance, and best of all top notch service! This place can possibly be my new power lunch restaurant.
       If you haven't experienced  Brazilian style dinning you should experience here first.
I'm not a fan of Brazilian steak houses, but the attentive service and food quality made this visit a memorable one.
Here it is a month later and I can still confidently say it was the best food and service  I have ever had. But I'll keep eating out and looking for other places to try in the off-chance I find something better elsewhere.
I had heard about Fogo de Chao before but never had an opportunity to visit this restaurant before. While visiting Las Vegas last week I was running low on cash and decided to find my closest bank on my phone's GPS. While driving to the bank my girlfriend spotted Fogo by pure accident. Since our plan was to go to the bank then decide of a place to have lunch, and since I wasn't going to spend on gambling I figured we'd have lunch at Fogo.

This is by far the flashiest, most upscale restaurant I've been to. The atmosphere was very calm and pleasant that afternoon. Unlike many restaurants that assign one waiter/waitress to a section of the restaurant, Fogo has its staff attending all tables. Their buffet has plenty to select from and they keep the famous Brasilian bread pao do queijo (cheese bread) coming. They have special waiters dressed in gaucho (southern brasil cowboy) outfits walking by the tables with different kinds of meat cuts on long metal skewers serving you at your table. I believe they say they serve 12 or 14 different types of meats. The fillet Mignon was unbelievable.

The restaurants presentation is very nice and clean. Lights were a bit dim which made the atmosphere perfect for a lunch date with my girlfriend; although, I can only imagine dinner would be a lot more busy, active and loud for a romantic atmosphere. Towards the end of our lunch several parties had come in for lunch and it wasn't as quiet as when we had walked in.

For those in my friends list or the L.A. area, there is a Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills. If my mind serves me right, lunch for two came out to like around $35-$40 per person. Dinner hours tend to be more expensive so expect to drop a pretty penny. Overall, this is an experience I'd recommend but it isn't cheap. We should treat ourselves to something nice from time to time, splurge, and a meal at this restaurant is a nice way to do that.
**Summary**
       - Fogo is an authentic Brazilian Steakhouse chain. They bring the meats on skewers and cut it right in front of you.
       - All the meats were, for the most part, medium to rare. They were super juicy and not too salted.
       - My must haves would be the Picanhas, filet mignon (Not the one wrapped in bacon), and the beef ribs.
       - Prices - Lunch and dinner have exactly the same menu! You're saving $20 just for eating earlier.
       - Doneness - When the server cuts the meat for you, they give you a choice. However, it's usually between rare to medium. Just as a warning or a tip, rare is pretty rare.
       - By Request - All the meats rotate regularly with the exception of the Beef ribs and the garlic beef.
       - Decor/Mood - Classy and pampering.
**Price**
       - $26.50 Lunch Mon-Fri 11:30am - 2pm
       - $46.50 Dinner Mon-Thurs 5pm-10pm & Weekend
**Ordered**
       - Salad bar - The smoked salmon is a must. Other than that, it's just salads.
       - Costela - Beef ribs. They don't come around unless you ask for them. This is by far my favorite. They ribs have just enough fat in them.
       - Filet Mignon - There are two types. The huge steak filet was so tender words can't describe. The bacon wrapped one looked dry so I didn't try it.
       - Picanhas - House special and perfectly seasoned.
       - Cheese Bread - This place definitely has the cheesiest meltiest in your mouth bread. When they come hot out of the oven, I just want to eat it plain.
       - Beef Ancho/Alcatra/Fraldinha - Rib-eye/Top Sirloin/Bottom Sirloin. Cooked perfect and nice and juicy
       - Cordeiro - Rack of lamb. Pretty good, but I'd avoid it next time in place of better meats.
       - Costela de Porco - Pork Ribs. They were a bit dry and I'd stick to the beef ribs.
       - Lombo/Frango/Linguica - Pork Loin/Chicken/Sausage. Didn't really try it.
       - Garlic Beef - Didn't get a chance to try it. You have to request it. I found out too late.
**Comparing**
       - If you've been to the other steak houses in town, here's a comparison section.
       - Texas de Brazil - Texas is saltier, the salad bars are about the same. The meats are dryer at Texas.
       - Via Brasil - Saltiness is about the same, the salad bar at Via has more hot foods and is more extensive. The meats are juicy, but Fogo has cuts that are more rare than Via.
       - Sides - Via Brazil has the most choices and better fried banana. Texas and Fogo have a limited selection. However, Fogo has the best cheese bread.
       - For lunch, nothing beats $26.50. It's hands down Fogo.
       - For dinner, it depends. If you like your meats rarer, I'd say Fogo. If you like your meats more medium-rare to medium, it's a coin flip.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a nice treat for a special occasion or in the mood for a ton of perfectly cooked and savory meats.
excellent excellent excellent MEAT! 

They serve lunch during the weekdays for 26.50 for the SAME EXACT THING AS DINNER that is 46.50. Seriously guys, you can't beat that price. 

LOVE this place. 

P.S. Their Cheese Bread is by far the best I've ever tasted, and I've been to 6 different Brazillian BBQ places in my life.
This place was awesome. The salad bar is dangerous, as you can easily go crazy and forget that it's all you can meat afterwards! Very attentive wait staff. They don't miss a beat. The meat is top notch. Pace yourself and eat your favorite meat cuts first, in case you start running out of room towards the end. There is definitely a lot to choose from.

Oh! And don't forget to have a Caipirinha! They're quite refreshing!
There are "like to go eat there" types of restaurants and "have to eat there" restaurants. This is a "must have to eat there" restaurant!

Great food. Fantastic service. I'm heading back to FdC before I leave this crazy town!
Amazing churrascaria! This was my first experience in one, and if all of them are like this, I have been missing out!

I went for a friend's birthday while in Las Vegas and it was our one nice dinner for the trip. Walking in, I was not expecting such nice decor since it was AYCE. It was layed out like a nice steakhouse. 

The wait staff gives you a short introduction about how the churrascaria works. There is an open salad bar and you have a coaster for when you want to get the meats. Green means bring on the meat and red lets the staff know that you need a break. 

I got a few things from the salad bar, but didn't want to fill up on it. Ingredients were fresh and they even have smoked salmon and bacon. They also give side dishes to share. Fried banana(delicious), polenta, mashed potatoes, and cheese rolls (awesome!) The fun comes next. As you turn your coaster over to the green side, you'll be attacked from all sides by dudes with sharp knives. There are like 15-16 different meats to choose from. After the first three or four, I had to turn my coaster to the red side to let them know I wanted a break. Everything looked super delicious but I knew if I kept getting the meat, it would turn cold. Everything is quaility and cooked superbly. I love my meats rare/medium rare. They were able to accomodate. Meats were seasoned well and I didn't find anything that was tough or chewy. 

I found myself eating a lot of meat and bananas and not wasting too much stomach space on salad and potatoes. Also, on the table is a menu of all the meats, if you didn't see something that you like and want to try, you can always ask the staff and they'll bring the right guy to your table. One of those dishes I asked for was the garlic top sirloin. You probably can't go wrong with any of the meats you ask for, but surprisingly, one of the best was the chicken leg. It came out on the skewer with you choice of a pork sausage or chicken leg. After I asked for the chicken, the server said it was an excellent choice. It didn't dissapoint. Very moist, flavorful and good amount of char. 

I'm glad my friend chose this for her birthday meal. It was a delightful eating experience.
You can't go wrong at Fogo, Texas, or Via Brazil.  All 3 are very nicely decorated, staff is properly trained, and food is as good as it gets.  This was my first attempt at Fogo and here is what I discovered.  The salad bar is fresh and the choices are similar to Texas, however the Italian dressing tastes identical to a bottle of Kraft that you can buy at Smith's.  Not very unique like the balsamic dressing at Texas.  Nothing is labeled either.  It's kind of obvious as to what each item is such as lettuce, cheese, whatever but I still like to see the titles of each item being served.  No sushi, no lobster bisque, no soup at all at Fogo. This is where I give the top honors to Texas for their salad bar.  Onto the meats...
I read a reviewer state the top sirloin was NOT the best meat at Fogo.  I found that hard to believe and after experiencing for myself, he was right.  But the thing is at Fogo, they call about 3 different looking meats "top sirloin".  One was the obvious one that looks kind of heart shaped with mild fat on the outside.  Another big chunk of meat was also called top sirloin.  It looked and tasted like Via Brazil's prime rib. Fogo's garlic sirloin was the best of the 3 places.  I must give the best meat award to Via.  
Side dishes are minor but I liked Texas and Via's banana's, rice better than Fogo.
Restroom was tiny.  Men's had only 2 toilets and 2 urinals.  Texas has a much better restroom facility. 
Overall verdict.... me and a friend gave top overall to Via because of their super tasting meats.  Texas has the best salad bar but we are not there for greens.
So far, this place is still Vega's best kept secret. But not for long. I was surprised that we were able to walk in on a saturday night at 7pm. Take the location out of the picture, this joint is exactly the same as the one in Beverly Hills. From service to food. This is a go to place
Love these places. I was at one before in Dallas years ago so it had been a while but it was as good as I remembered. Very good drinks, super salad bar but don't fill up on it too much! All the meats they bring were all very good. So were the fried plantains. Incredible service. Always there when you need them. Not there when you don't. Pricey but worth it for a special night out.
Eat here! If you are in Vegas and want an amazing meal, with wine and dessert for $200 or less, this is the place for you!!!!
Now some might think $200 is outrageous, and it is pricy, but this included a $40 tip and a $50 bottle of wine (you really don't have inexpensive options for wine at this place) and it is worth every penny, and more!
Our first option was going to be somewhere on the strip, whose owner is a Top Chef judge, but then we would have had at least doubled the price once you added in drinks and desert, so we trusted the yelpers of the world, and they did not disappoint.
We made our reservations a couple weeks before we went online and requested a corner table, which we got. It was nice for privacy and people watching.
Once we sat down we were greeted by our server immediately who was very knowledgable. Over the course of the meal we were also greeted and checked on by at least three other manager/servers (Derek, you are awesome!). This could easily constitute some of the best service I've received at a restaurant ever. 

So the food......we'll start with the salad bar, whose name makes you cringe a little and think, "why would I go to a nice dinner at a restaurant that has a salad bar?" however, its name does not do it justice, it should be called an antipasto bar, or just "bar of tasty treats". it has several good cheeses, salamis, fresh asparagus, smoked salmon and cream cheese, breads, typical salad items (which I skipped entirely), marinated onions, sundried tomatoes, etc......everything was great! Then you get back to your table and turn your card over which starts the gauchos (the men with meat). This also tells your server to bring out the sides (yes more tasty treats!) Your sides consist of creamy mashed potatos, crispy polenta squares, and roasted plantains. All three of these were exactly what you aspire to make when cooking at home, just great. 
Finally, you have your meat. There are 15 or 16 different types of meat that come around and you can ask for as much or as little as you want (I recommend starting with a small bit of everything and then getting more if you still have room (doubtful). I think around half are different cuts and seasoning of steak, all equally tasty. I preferred the house style sirloin and the filet. You will also see chicken, sausage, lamb, pork and ribs. Skip the chicken, the sausage was worth trying, but I wouldn't eat the whole thing, the ribs can definatley be skipped they were a bit dry. And then there is the lamb and pork, try a lot of both of these! The lamb was great and perfectly cooked, although the gauchos will ask you how you like any of these meats (minus chicken) cooked, and then they serve you from different spots of their meat based on your doneness preference. The lamb was tender and juicy, they offered mint jelly, but why do that? The pork was amazing, it is perfectly cooked to a juicy goodness and then coated in grated parmesean. I've never had this type of preparation before (usually you think crusted parm) but this was as good as it gets. One thing that really impressed my husband and I was how well seasoned all the meats were, I don't think you should ever have to add salt and pepper if it is cooked correctly, and you don't need to here.
Finally, we ordered dessert (which I still wonder how we had room for) and went with the cheesecake with raspberry sauce. A perfect end to our meal. (they put a special note on the plate which I thought was a nice touch and showed our servers really seemed to care if we enjoyed our meal. see the pic I posted for the message)
Overall, this was one of the best meals I've ever eaten from service to atmosphere and especially the food. 
Eat here!!!!
How have I missed this place all these years.
I will never go to another steakhouse again.  This place is the best.  Salad bar is great with all the salad you could want plus fine cheeses, cured meats, etc.  The main course meats are the best I've ever had.  The sides are great.  Service is great.  Price is completely reasonable.  With wine, bill was $164 for some incredible food for 2 people.
I was looking for a nice place for dinner on short notice.  Came across this place on Yelp with a respectable rating.  I called for a reservation and was able to get one without any hastle..  The person on the phone was friendly and accommodating.  When we got there the place was layed out really nice elegant but not stuffy.  The staff was super friendly and the service was amazing.  The glass was never empty and there was food always on the plate.  Most of the staff is actually from Brazil and speak Portugese if you care about that, but most importantly they make the place authentic.  The salad bar that you start with is high quality and that in itself can make a meal.  If you are a meat lover you will love the 8 or more types of meat that are served.  You get as much as you want of each type.  All of the meat was good but the leg of lamb was the bomb!  I highly recommend it.   For a place that has been in business only since Nov. 2011, they have have it down pretty good.
I have been to Fogo De Cho several times. You may have been saying the name like it sounds, however a waiter mentioned the last word has a nasal pronunciation like "choum." Once you get past the name, and the front door, with the rotating fire pit of meat, you'll immediately notice several distinctive areas.

Starting from the left, are several rooms for meetings or larger parties. These rooms come equipped with a projector, WiFi & a computer. The manager told me while on a tour, that the spaces can be reserved for no additional cost for up to 200 people. There is no down payment or reservation fee either to reserve a meeting room. There are also no cancellation fees. They just want you to have the best group dinner experience possible. The manager was seen taking others on tours around the restaurant. So if you want one, just ask your waiter.

In the middle of the restaurant, just past the host desk, is the salad bar. The salad bar includes special fresh cheeses, chicken salads, slicked smoked salmon, sliced prosciutto, spinach and fancy lettuce, along with many other options. I have only tasted fresh product from the salad bar. The only downside of such a great selection, is that the specially prepared meat is actually what you come to the restaurant for.

Then, slightly behind the host desk is the wine room. There are bottles of wine ranging from $20 to several hundred & beyond. The latest $65 Cabernet Clos Du Val I had was a good choice & recommended by my waiter.

Finally, towards the right of the restaurant is the bar area. It comes complete with several tables for smaller groups to enjoy beverages. This is a good option for people staying in the near by hotel & office complex, to come and enjoy a relaxing atmosphere, in an international setting.

Once you are seated, they offer many side dishes and sauces to compliment the meal including; rice, black beans in sauce, chimichurri sauce, small cheese breads that are tasty right out of the oven, sweet bananas and a few squares of fried polenta. Individually, they are tasty, but again detract from the main idea of the restaurant, which is the meat.

There are more than a half a dozen meats that will be traveling around on long skewers. These skewers are expertly controlled by executive chefs who individually prepare & cook the meat in the back, on a rotating fire, of about 1,000 degrees. The meat cooks in about three to four minutes, that would normally take about 25 minutes in a normal restaurant. The meat is delivered and carved table-side when you flip your meat card over from red to green. Think of a stoplight. Green means yes please and red means hold up.

My favorite meats are the fillet minion, filet minion wrapped in bacon, chicken legs and chicken wrapped in bacon. The chicken is prepared with a beer and cognac sauce, which leaves it crispy and flavorful. The rest of the meats are simply prepared with sea salt. There is a pork that's prepared with parmesan cheese that I did not try, but my table mates said was delicious. After asking around, the parmesan pork is a favorite of the staff.

If you want to try out the restaurant before paying the dinner price, visit during lunch. The menu is the same, just at a reduced rate and for $26, it's a good value. I received a discount on the meal from management. The wine, desserts and remainder of the bill was paid for by my guest. The restaurant is a few blocks East, from the Las Vegas Strip on Flamingo, inside of the Howard Hughes office park, next to the Residence Inn.
I am only giving three stars because unfortunately we already have gone to Texas de Brazil. I am not sure the history of both but we prefer Texas De Brazil (TDB)hands down. The servers are not that professional. The food it meh compared to TDB. There is not a lot of variety at the salad bar. The server had no idea about the wine list...he just pointed to a $250 bottle! To be brutely honest I would prefer TDB if I wanted to try a Brazilian steak house. The decor and environment at Fogo feels like your in a casino buffet dining room. Its loud ,especially with the servers yelling at each other right at your table. Fogo is good for getting you seated quick , getting your food quick and ordering expensive wine and getting you out the door QUICK! i felt rushed  having three servers ask if they can take our plates for us and clearing our table when we weren't even done our wine. Ahh well I guess paying $50.00 pp is cheap in VEGAS? lol If you want to spend this money and have a way better meal and experience, head to Texas De Brazil. Its  little further from the strip, though it is so well worth it.
My boyfriend and I came to have dinner here for our anniversary.  He'd visited the location in Minnesota, and raged about it.  I came in expecting great food like he spoke about.  But for my taste the meat was a tad bit under seasoned and chewy.  Their cheese bread is great too bad they don't have soup to go with it. The service was great, no complaint about that.
This is a chain that started in Brazil. Having been to the original in Sao Paulo, I can say this place is every bit as good. If you've never been to a traditional Brazilian Rodizio, you have to try this place.  Start with the excellent fresh salad bar - virtually everything you can imagine, fresh vegetables, cheese, proschiutto. The main course is all you can eat grilled meats on skewers sliced right at your table - 12 different kinds.  The meats here are succulent and grilled to perfection. The meats include several cuts of beef, chicken, sausage, pork and lamb.  You must try the Picanha - Brazilian style prime sirloin. For sides there are wonderful plantains and potatoes.  You will not go home hungry.
I was drug here by my 83-year old grandmother. She loves this place. I can see why - the service is very good, the drinks top notch and the meat phenomenal. I love how the servers pedal their cuts. Very amusing. 

I love my steaks practically mooing so I am not usually a fan of rodizio, but if you tell the waiters they will make sure to come back to your table when someone else has taken the more well done slices.

All in all a decent value for what you are getting. I prefer to go to non-chain restaurants but Fogo is consistently high quality and when Grandma is paying you don't complain about free meat!
I am addicted to Fogo. I seek them out in EVERY new city I go to. This is the 5th one I have been to...and probably the 100th visit. The food is ALWAYS amazing. The salad bar here was pretty decent. By far my favorite salad bar is in Chi-town. But for a chain this is one of the best chains ever. My only gripe about anything here is their parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin. It was very dry and just not worth eating. I would have much rather had more beef ancho or filet. The cheese bread they put on the table is addictive. I could probably sit there and just eat 5 or 6 bowls of that alone. Before you leave grab a few of their after dinner chocolate mints...they are at the hostess counter.
So there I was creeping through the town I made famous when I started to feel that familiar emptiness right underneath where my 8 minute abs would be, if I spent 8 minutes a day on them, but I digress. 

I was on the east side of town conducting some quasi business errands that I am going to try and expense and write off my taxes for 2012 as I got thoroughly mugged by the fed and the great state of CA in 2011. I saw when I was driving by that there was a new sign that read Fogo de Chao where Bahama Breeze was the last time I was in the 702 sharing my love for Jesus and putting it down for the west side (the bestside).

Now I am not a wealthy man but through pinching my pennies, shrewd investments, and a 2 hour heater on the craps table the night before I was feeling like a million Argentine Pesos. So I decided to stroll in see what all the unnecessary punctuation in the name of the joint was all about. 

I was only slightly put off by the fact that the valet seemed to have taken a smoke break or been called away on some urgent business because there was no one at the stand to toss the keys to the AMG to. I wasn't really in the mood to park my whip myself as I don't park so well when I am famished and let me tell you, I was hungry like a hostage. So I backed up the miracle whip and parked it where I could get out in a hurry should any shenanigans occur. I happen to know for a fact that 2pac got smoked just a block away and I am not trying to put my life in the hands of a degenerate, horse betting trauma surgeon at University Medical Center, nor do I want  Deadmou5 or some other DJ trying to put my lyrics over some hastily crafted beats in some ill fated attempt to cash in on the rush of people to local record shops and itunes to purchase my last album. 

As I crept inside there was some goofy looking white kid at the host stand spewing some garbage about how they do there last seating for lunch at 2pm. I glanced at the Swiss timepiece on my wrist and realized that 1) this is one ill watch, and 2) it was 2:06pm. As began to reach in my waist to pistol -whip this kid he blurted out,"let me check with the manager to see if we can still seat you". 
He returned abruptly and gladly seated us. I was thankful I didn't have to chin check this kid in front of my 2 associates, as well as relieved that my belly would soon be soothed with the arrival of some delicious South American charred animals. 

The server came over and greeted us very quickly offered us the wine list and had some drinks flowing pretty quickly. I strolled over to the salad bar where I was delighted to find a mixture of traditional salad bar type accoutrements as well as several other pleasant surprises. I sat down to get busy with my salad as a body like this doesn't happen on its own. It takes prayers, training, vitamins, healthy food choices, a bunch of extreme cardio, and a naturally athletic build that has been referred to as "the gift". 

All the salad was delicious and I polished it off faster than Whitney Houston goes through her Xanax prescription. I turned over the little poker chip they give you that shows the Gouchos (the guys delivering meat on swords) that I was ready to start putting in work. 

After about 6 guys showed up and sliced off delicious cuts of various chicken, pork, beef, and lamb, I was pretty full. Each of them were delectable and unique. I was feeling kind of full but we still had about 1/3 of a bottle of Opus One on the table and even though it was only the 1997, I wasn't prepared to leave it. As one little P.Y. T. came to clear scene of the carnage that was the plates in front of me and my distinguished guests, she ran down the list of desserts. I ordered some incarnation of a chocolate lava cake, my associates ordered the creme brulee and the espresso. All were very good and we were each satisfied. The dessert presentation was tasteful and elegant. When this chick stops blowing up my phone I will try to post a jpg. I need to delete some pics off this thing anyway before my part time lover sees them.  

I should mention that the service was impeccable and at no time did I feel rushed, neglected, or what is my biggest pet peeve, hovered over. It was seamless and tactful. 

When it was time to return some of the liquor from the night before into Lake Mead the restroom was very clean and it seemed like no one had made number 2 in there all week. 

The place was surprisingly reasonable for what you get. Three for lunch with desserts was about $130 before you factor in the wine.

I left feeling satiated and relaxed. The only criticism I have of the place is that when I walked out to my car, there where a couple of chicken heads out there fussing with their hair in the reflection of my Benz. Listen here trick, go inside and use a mirror, not my pearl chariot. 

Real talk. This place is good and you should check it out for yourself. Save some cash and go for lunch.
As I write this review, I am ready to go into hibernation. Like a bear storing up for winter, I have gorged on a bounty of meats and greens. In Vegas, the weather is not cold enough and there is never a shortage of food, but that did not stop me from mauling every piece of flesh placed in front of me. The worst part is that I did not even try all 15 types of meat and passed on seconds.

On second thought, I would make a very poor bear. Nonetheless, the 12 kinds of protein that I tried were all amazing. I have tried a few other churrascarias around Las Vegas, but none compare to Fogo in value or quality. The salad bar is fresh and bountiful. One round, and plate stacked high, gave me a taste of everything. The hearts of palm and large asparagus spears are a nice touch to add to my salad. 

When it came to meat, the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the Picanha were the stand outs. The latter had a nice crust on it that was juicy yet seared to perfection. Even the chicken was the best I have experienced. Normally, at other places, I take a bite and feel underwhelmed. Not here, it is so moist and flavorful. The caramelized bananas were the only plate they needed to replace several times throughout lunch. I might have liked the fried polenta, but had an insatiable spot for the bananas. I cut myself off at two plates. 

If that was not enough, dessert is spectacular as well. My friend and I shared a Chocolate Molten Cake and a slice of Key Lime Pie. Both were exquisite. The chocolate bundt cake had a liquid center that oozed down upon breaking. Served with vanilla ice cream gave a nice contrast of hot and cold. All of that made it better with the contrast to the other dessert. The Key Lime had a tartness that was not overbearing and cleanse the palate of the rich chocolate.

Now in retrospect, I should just tell everyone to read Tony T.'s review, because I echoed everything he said in lesser detail.
Been here twice, and agree with Kuong that this is Vegas's best kept secret! Even with the place packed we were able to still get seated quickly:) Food = A+, Service = A+. Just when you think you've eaten all you could eat, they stroll by with more delicious food... and you try another piece. Definitely my absolute favorite restaurant right now!!!
We went here for restaurant week.

First impressions, when walked in, there was a fire pit with cuts of meat rotating around it. I felt my inner primal caveman doing cartwheels. I knew it was going to be a good day!

The hostess was very cordial. The restaurant was beautiful. Very clean design with tall ceilings and very open floor plan.

 It was a little pricey for lunch $30.12 but it was worth every penny.

I was worried about what my vegetarian GF was going to eat. Browsing the menu online, they offered a salad bar. Again, a little pricey  for lunch $19.95

I have to say, hands down, it was the best salad bar i have ever seen.  All of the food was delicious and the vegetables were very fresh.They also had some delicious cured meats, great cheeses including a whole wheel of Parmesiano Reggiano that was flaked into large chunks My GF was very impressed with all of the selections. She was happy, thus everyone was happy.

Now to the good stuff, aka the meat! As with Brazilian Steakhouses, you have a card that is green on one side and red on the other. Green means "bring on the meat" and red means "not right now". When i turned it to the green side, it was if the servers who were dressed in traditional Gaucho outfits came out of the wall with giant skewers loaded with deliciously fire roasted meat selections. All of the selections i tried were perfectly seasoned and cooked.The stand out were the lamb chops. My GF asked me if i needed some alone time as my eyes rolled int the back of my head after my first bite. I truly ate like a caveman pushing the carbs aside. Although I did have a spoonful of the mashed potatoes because they looked too good to pass up.

The dessert was included. I thought there would be no room for dessert but we both found our spare dessert stomachs. She had the creme brulee and it was decadent, rich and delicious. I had the strawberry creme which was topped with some Creme De Cassis.  It was delightful and very delish. Since it had strawberries in it, i was telling myself that it fresh fruit and good for me. That's my story and I am sticking to it!

The service is top notch. They had so much staff, when i pushed my plate aside, it was quickly whisked away and a new one was given to me just as fast.  Our waters and iced teas were kept full the whole time. The server was very knowledgeable and pleasant. 

My GF told me I was going to go into a food coma when I got home and as usual, she was correct. I think I am still full and we ate there yesterday.
Very friendly staff, great food and got free dessert as they participated in restaurant week!  The food kept coming as much as we wanted and cooked/seasoned perfectly!
This was my first time dining at one of these Brazilian Churrascarias which there are several of in Vegas now.  

I do have somewhat of a mixed feelings about this kind of eating as I do with many buffets in Las Vegas.  Basically, this is a huge steak buffet where you don't have to get off your seat as they bring it to you.

I actually liked the salad bar.  It has a good selection of cold cuts, cheese, and other cold things to pick from that were of good quality.  Just don't fill up on this stuff as flood of meats is coming.  

I think I pretty much tried everything except for some chickens as I'm more of a red meat person rather than white meat.  

I would say that the quality of the meat is pretty good, and what you can't experience in regular steakhouses that you can here, is that you can taste about 6, 7 different cuts of meat at one setting.  

The huge problem I have with this, is that for those of us who prefer to eat our meat medium rare to rare, this type of serving meat makes this very difficult.  What they do is shave a piece off of a large piece on a skewer, so it is impossible to get a thick piece of meat cooked to your liking.  There were some cuts like filet where they do give you a large chunk, but it seemed that these were all overcooked, even though I asked for medium rare.  

After a while I was going into redmeat coma and it really didn't matter what I was eating.  This is the problem with buffets.  There is just too much food to a point that I start losing focus, and you just can't "feel" that the chef is putting everything on the line to give it his/her best, because they just have to keep the food going out.  

If you are a 22 year-old who want to load up on decent meat at buffet prices, then this might be great, but for those of us who are used to quality "steaks" in this town, it doesn't quite do it. I fortunately did NOT have to pay for this meal, but for $47 or so per person, I can't see myself going back.
I was very impressed with Fogo De Chao. I booked over the phone for a private room for my wedding reception. Coming from out of town and getting to a restraunt that I have never been to before and having things go so smoothly makes me feel good about planning special events like my wedding reception over the phone. Staff and Food was amazing and they even cooked meat to how each of us liked. 
I definately recommend fogo de chao to anyone!
Wonderful customer service! The servers go above and beyond! The salad bar is delicious. The meat is very good however other Brazil steakhouses I have been to do have a little more selection. The atmosphere is also more laid back and not so hectic, which I loved. Overall the food and the service together are enough for me to make this one my choice!
My husband and I love Fogo de Cho. When we lived in Houston several years ago we used to go quite often. I believe that is the first location in the US, so we are like pioneers. Then, just a year or so after we moved to Phoenix, they opened one in Scottsdale. And now there is one in our home-away-from-home city, Las Vegas. Hooray!

This location is much like the others though the decor was a little nicer, I think.  Food was excellent as always.  There is such a variety of meat, I think anyone could find a cut to their liking.  And as for the red and green sauces, they make it that much better! And don't  forget about the salad bar. So much good stuff. I love the marinated veggies like hearts of palm, artichokes, and mushrooms.  Oh, and those little round red sweet peppers.  Have one of those with some fresh mozzarella and sun dried tomato. Yummy!

The service here was phenomenal.  We had a pleasant time with the bartender while waiting for my sister and her husband to arrive. She was nice enough to get us some of that amazing cheesy bread to munch on while we waited. I forgot her name but she is from Omaha and makes one awesome Caipirinha!  Once they arrived and we were all seated, my sister discovered she was missing one of her diamond earrings.  Practically the whole staff stopped what they were doing to help look for it.  The manager (I think) even came by and expressed genuine concern. Long story short it turned out to be at the babysitters house, must have fallen off while she was bringing the baby inside.  It was just nice to see a place where the staff is so friendly and really cares about their customers.
I have been to several other places like this but Fogo is the best.

my wife took me there for lunch and we started with the fresh and tasty salad bar. I'm a carnivore but the salad was just too good not to try. I wanted more but I decided to save my hunger for the real star....meat.
As soon as i flipped over the card from red to green the food started flowing. The first bite let me know just how great the rest of the meal was going to be. All the beef was so flavorful. The lamb selection was great too. The chicken leg was moist and tasty. 

Service was great. They kept the mashed potatoes coming, the cheese bread was yummy, the fried bananas were perfect.

Finished the meal with the creme brulee/flan. Even though we were too full eat more, there was enough room for dessert.

They do a great job here and the meats were all delicious
Great fast service....salad bar is delicious.
You wanna' talk "all you can eat Brasilian BBQ?"...... Here's my qualifier.

Our family, on my wife's side, is Brasilian. (In Brazil, it's spelled with an "s"). Over the last 30 years or so, I've eaten at the most complete churracarias both in Brasil and here. And I've eaten at the most modest; including a churracaria in a gas station in Sul de Minas on the way to visit a coffee cooperative. (see my youtube video titled, "Coffee Cupping in Sul de Minas.") The defining/qualifying points are the same; quality and flavor of the meat, completeness of the salad bar, or "bars", (Some restaurants have a full sushi bar, with chef!), and quality of service. . So trying to remain both objective and relevant, I'll share my opinion.

I've been to the Fogos in Dallas, Beverly Hills, and now Las Vegas. My best experience was in Dallas, but understanding that I was there right after their opening, and because Fogo corporate is in Dallas, I think they worked at "doing it all". This was probably before they reviewed and revised their operations. (?) Dallas was the best. Beverly Hills, and now Las Vegas, were both a disappointment, but more because they do not reflect the best of what I expect in a "high end" churrascaria. And I personally think they're making a mistake. Here's what most non-Brasilians are missing....... but wouldn't know it if they've never been to a more "typical" churrascaria in Brasil.

The salad bar.... In Brasil, and at churrascarias like Fogo in Sao Paulo, Rio, and the interior cities like Brasilia, Goiania and Uberlandia, there will be everything you see at Fogo in LV, plus another full bar of hot entrees, including fish and meat dishes, stroganoff, hot vegetables, rice and black beans. And yes, the fried plantans too. All this is available at the bar, all you can eat, not brought to your table like at Fogo. You'll also see that "cheese bread" called "pao de queiju." In some restaurants, there'll be either a small, or very expanded sushi bar. The salad bar, by itself, can easily support anyone's craving for a full meal. Fogo's salad bar is amazingly small, in my opinion, and for Brasililans, incomplete... especially for the money! Fogo offers the "salad bar only" for under $30... but in my opinion, it's not worth it. If they had a traditionally full salad bar offering, it would be great for non-red meat eaters, as there would be a huge variety of fish, shrimp, etc. 

The meats... Here, Fogo does well, as the quality of the meats is very good. While some churrascarias buy low end meats, my feeling is that what Fogo doesn't offer in the salad bar, they make up for in the meat department.

IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT GETTING WHAT YOU WANT... If you want rare, medium rare, well done, etc., you should tell both the table waiter, and the meat servers! I will sometimes tell the servers that I only want the Picanha (tri-tip), the Filet, and the Fraudinha (flank steak). You're paying... tell them what you want, and how you like it! They appreciate your specifics, and even at this Fogo, I got what I wanted in meats.

The service... For a high-end churrascaria, it was ill-timed meat delivery, and it was slow. And when the gauchos (meat servers) did start coming to the table, it was an "onslaught." The mark of a great churrascaria is "consistency" with an even rhythm. We spoke to our waiter, assigned to manage our table, and I could see that he was struggling to maintain service level to us, and other tables. That issue alone... erradic service, would be a major complaint point. And for this Fogo, all I could think of was....... this would never fly in Sao Paulo, or Rio, or at any other of their Brasilian locations. 

A major deal breaker for Brasilians, and what told me this operation was tailored to "Non-Brasilians", was the fact that they serve rice and black beans only after being asked. Had I not asked, our table may have been overlooked. That's rediculous, as the foundation for a plate in Brasil is your rice, black beans, vinegrette salsa, and farofa, or toasted corn meal that tops off the beans rice and salsa. When you have to ask for those very basic items, you know that Fogo has tailored, or "dumbed down" their restaurant to non Brasilians. And frankly, most people love these items after being introduced, and shown how to "build their plate."

So I gave Fogo a 4-star just because they do serve great quality meat. And knowing ignorance is bliss, I figure that if what they do serve is good, and the clientel like it. who am I to complain because they don't mimic my preferred style of service. (although....... I do think you deserve better than what they offer at their salad bar setup.)

BTW..... for a more traditional salad bar, and certainly more complete, visit Texas de Brazil at the Town Square Shopping Center, off South Las Vegas Blvd. I think you'll better understand my comments about the salad bar, and maybe agree that the trade-off at Texas de Brazil may be in the quality of the meat.
Good food.  
Garlic filet was nice.

Our waiter was a little pushy.

Caiparranias were excellent.
If you're looking for a lot of good food and a place that will take care of you, go here. We had a group of 12 and they  accommodated us without a hitch.
The food and service were amazing!  The fried polenta is very tasty and if you have room for dessert try the Papaya Cream...
Mmm!  What's not to like about meat, meat, and more meat?!  I can officially cross this place off my "to do" list because I had the pleasure of having dinner here while in LV this past weekend.  

Everything was delicious!  If I had any complaints it would be that the servers didn't bring around the leg of lamb enough for my tastes, but then again, I was too busy stuffing my pie-whole to simply ask for it.  If you've never been to a brazillian-style bbq, then this place is a must.

Bring your A-game appetite, some friends, and a fat wallet...it's pricey, folks!  However, considering how much meat you're being offered (not to mention the salad bar), I would say it's worth the money.
Came in for dinner and utilized the discount with my Yelp Spring Break guide. Didn't realize this place has been in LV only since November of 2011.

This was my first time experiencing a Brazilian steakhouse. The inside was decorated upscale and inviting. The service was outstanding from the minute we arrived until we departed. The salad bar was decent but I was there for the MEAT! My faves were the Filet Mignon, Cordeiro (lamb chops & leg of lamb), Costela (Beef Ribs), Costela de Porco (Pork Ribs) and Linguica (Sausage). Sides included po de queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas. I went really light at the salad bar and sides just to over indulge on the protein. Love how the meat is served hot and carved  to your cooked  request. 

No room for dessert but I really enjoyed Fogo De Chao and will certainly return to one of their many locations.
I love this churrasqueria.  The ambiance is beautiful as well as the staff.  The salad bar offered high quality items however the bar looked like it could feature more items..but hey you come here for the MEAT and boy do they serve meat...15 kinds to be exact.  My favorite was the lamb (bone in) and the cheese bread is to die for..also it is gluten free as it is made with yucca flour and I'll pretend it was fat free;) At first I was taken back by how quickly the meat came around offered by the ALL BRAZILIAN men but then again waiting form meat would have been bad so I'm not complaining just surprised. You can come here for lunch Monday-Friday and still enjoy the same items served for dinner but for half the price...Definitely coming back next year....meated out for now.
Ahh Yelp Spring Break, so many deals to choose from, not enough money to spend LOL!

Made reservations here because of Vanessa H's review.

Our experience was remarkable. I've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before so I had little expectations. The only thing I did not like about this place was house easily they refill your food. The servers took a half-filled plate of mashed potatoes and replaced it with a new one. Seemed pretty wasteful. Same thing goes for the salad bar where they rotate or rather refresh the items every few minutes.

Yelp has made me very open-minded when it comes to food so I was able to try pretty much any of the meats they brought to the table. The house special was what hit the spot for me, as well as the lamb. 

Even without the Yelp deal, I would willingly pay for this place. Which almost happened by the way, as the manager looked at my Yelp Spring Break guide with much confusion. He borrowed it for a bit and I guess educated his staff about it and everything went without a hitch!
I'm not much for AYCE but Fogo de Cho gets my vote.  It's a Brazilian steakhouse so you can't really go wrong unless you happen to be a vegetarian.  First of all, we got an awesome deal through Yelp Spring Break.  $37 per person instead of the normal $48 per person.  Win!  The salad bar is just that, vegetables, salads, some amazing burrata mozzarella, shaved parmesan, and sides.  I usually try not to fill up on those things but the burrata was delicious.  I tried most of the meats.  I didn't try the chicken.  I loved the house special Picanha, filet mignon, lamb, ribeye and pork.  So much meat.  Give me more!  

I loved the chimichurri sauce they brought out.  We wanted a bucketful, it was so good.  The cheesy rolls were to die for.  I do recommend you trying those cheesy rolls though.  I love that they bring all the meat to you and slice it onto your plate.  If you need them to stop just flip your card from green to red.  Super simple.  Need them to bring more meat, then flip it back to green.  The servers are really conscientious about the colors and will even bring by any special meats that you request.  Some are circulated more than others so all you have to do is ask.  I have to say it ranks as one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas without breaking the bank.
Service and food was TOP NOTCH here! I have been to other Brazilian steakhouses before but none can compare to Fogo de Chao! The atmosphere and decor inside makes it a wonderful dining experience. 

 I came here last week for my first time with my bf thanks to the Yelp Elite Spring Break special of $37/ person. The salad bar had a good variety of salads, cold cut meats, cheeses, and dressing. But the fun didn't start until the meat started flowing in. We turned our paper signs to green to indicate that we were ready for our meat and the waiters did not hesitate in bringing over different types of meat for us to try right away. There were a total of 15 kinds of meat ranging from filet mignon to sausage links to bacon wrapped chicken. I think I tried about 9 of them and was stuffed pretty quickly. They also give you sides of garlic mashed potatoes, po de queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta and caramelized bananas. I tried not to fill up on the sides too much to make room for more meat. The servers and manager came by a couple times to make sure we were served all the meats we wanted to try and to made sure we had refills for our beverages. 

Overall, my experience was wonderful. I will definitely be coming back here again in the future to satisfy my craving for Brazilian bbq!
After three days of lolling around being indolent I decided it was high time to get down to business and eat as many animals as humanly possible. Fogo recognized this basic gluttonous urge and, luckily, provided a veritable farm for me to eat. 

Right off the bat I decided to prime my tummy with a caipirinha, which was strong and delicious and the perfect prelude to the meat storm about to go down. I mostly passed on the salad bar - I did have some marinated veggies and a little tabbouleh, so I could feel like I was at least getting a tiny bit of plant matter in - but the cheeses and cold cuts and salads all looked pretty yummy. When the pao de queijo came I hoovered those suckers like Pac-Man hoovers dots. And then I leveled up to the meats. Ohhhhh, the meats. All kinds of beef, pork, lamb, chicken - the best were the picanha (house cut) and the lombo (parmesan encrusted pork loin) but all were delicious. And kept coming. And coming. And coming. And coming. Until my belly was looking at least eight months pregnant and panting, exhausted, I could eat no more. 

Is it gross to eat that much meat? I mean, objectively, yes. For sure. It's a wild excess and I probably shouldn't feel good about it. But the friendly gaucho servers, bus boys, hostess just made it a wonderful dinner that I felt great about. Except for the teensiest bit of trepidation while pondering how such profligacy would play out in my digestive system. Worth it!
Needing a break from the Strip, and having a deal through Yelp's Spring Break 2012, my wife & I had dinner here one night.  I made our reservation online and mentioned that it was our 5th wedding anniversary.  Their website was very easy to use, and I was able to make a reservation the morning of.

There is an ample parking lot, with complimentary valet.  Once inside, we were seated promptly.  Our reservation was for 6:30; the place was pretty full, but not completely packed yet.  

After giving our drink orders, my wife & I hit the salad bar.  The first thing I noticed was the basket of bacon.  I really had to remind myself that bacon was only the appetizer, not the main course.  So I only put a few strips on my plate, along with some prosciutto, salami and mozzarella.  My wife took some olives, artichoke hearts and one of the salads (along with said bacon).

Once we sat down, we turned our signs to "Go," and the flow of meat began.  While we tried a little of everything, my favorites were:

1. The Pichaha (the signature u-shaped cut)
2. The lamb chops
3. The linguica (sausage).

The staff were very friendly, checking on us often if we needed any more food or drinks.  But my favorite staff was the gentleman who was manning the alcohol cart.  We offered us any and all types of drinks, which almost made me cry again (after seeing the bacon basket).

Lastly, after we were finished with dinner, our server offered us a complimentary dessert for our anniversary.  We chose the creme brulee, which came with the words "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate with chocolate and caramel.  I thought that was a very kind gesture, which made our evening.

This was our favorite meal during our most recent time in Vegas.  I know we will come back again and again!
I've never been to Brazil, but if this restaurant is any indication of what it's like, then I really need to go. First off, I really appreciate that it's not too far off the strip and parking isn't a problem. They have free valet service to make you feel important. Bonus!

Like any other Fogo, the ambience is dim, sexy and welcoming. The salad bar has an excellent choice of vegetables, condiments and one of my personal favorites - smoked salmon. When you come here you better be hungry! It was so delicious that I almost over gorged on the salad bar alone. I can't even say enough about the meats. I think the Picanha(top sirloin) is my favorite. Then the Fraldinha (bottom sirloin), and then the Linguica sausage.  They also serve chicken, pork and lamb options. The Gaucho chefs that prepare the food are actually trained in Brazil. They are also the ones who come out and present the meat to your table. We were talking to the restaurant manager, who by the way is a super-friendly guy that is very passionate about their food, and he mentioned that at this particular restaurant , there are only two chefs that are not Brazilian, but they were sent to Brazil to train. 

When the Gaucho chefs come out and slice the meat off the skewer straight onto my plate, I get this primal feeling and my mouth salivates over the slight crisp of the outside meat from the flames and the aroma that come with it. I like to take a second to stare at the tender, succulent pink insides and watch the juices run when I slice into it. There's a hint of sea salt on the outside that add to the crisp flavor. It's so awesome.

If you have never been to a Fogo de Chao, the way the service works is this: The salad bar is of course like a buffet and it is probably the best salad bar I've ever been to. You go up, grab a plate and help yourself to as much as you want. After you sit back down, there are these coasters right next to your silverware that are red on one side and green on the other. When you flip it on the green side, it means "bring some meat here".  One by one the Gaucho chefs will come to your table with their particular cut of meat and slice off as much as you want. When you need to take a break just flip the coaster on its red side and they'll stop coming. You'll also have a regular waiter who tends to your drinks and brings you some side dishes like caramelized bananas, mashed potatoes, polenta, bread, and whatever else you might need. They also have an extensive collection of wine that is prominently displayed behind a glass barrier.

The service here is flawless. You can tell the staff really takes pride in what they do. It is an amazing place for any occasion, and in Vegas it doesn't seem to matter if you're in a pair of shorts or in suit. Everyone is treated equally special.
I like a good piece of meat every once in a while, but man this place is MEAT OVERLOAD!!! The Gauchos that work here are really Brazilians from Brazil that cook and serve you generous portions of the 15 types of meat here. a bunch of us decided to take advantage of the Yelp Spring Break offer and dine in for $37.

There are many great items available at their salad bar, but you want to be very careful and not fill up on these items, because the meats and sides are where its at.
my favorite meats were the Bone-in Lamb Chop and the Pichana. The sides(Potatoes, Polenta, and Plantains) were a perfect compliment to the well seasoned meats, and the Cheese Bread? Totally addicting!

The color cards....you're gonna have to play "Red Light, Green Light" with these Gauchos because if you just leave it green side up, they will bombard you with their meat rods like teeny-bopper girls trying to get Justin Bieber's autograph! Just Sayin'.......ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(271/365) " A Carniwhore's Heaven!"
The food is good, but including low-end wine and dessert it's going to cost you about $85.00 per person all in. In my view it's just not worth that. The restaurant is more about it's gaucho theme than anything else. And it uses a marketing technique to get you to over-indulge at the salad bar and/or fill up on cheese bread before the skewers begin arriving. You'll also find that the premium skewers can be hard to find. The guys with the cheaper meat cuts visit you more often. Saying no to the cheaper guys -- waiting for the better stuff -- will get you a visit from an assistant manager who will ask you what is wrong. Being truly selective about what you want is frowned upon? $85? Not for me.
Love this place, wonderful ambiance and great service. Expensive but worth every penny.
Everything is first rate about Fogo. Wine list is extensive, service is great, salad bar is fresh although not as great a variety as Texas De Brazil down the road at Town Square. Meats were good, not as many kinds as TDBrazil. We stayed through delicious key lime pie and coffee. Expensive for five mostly diminutive people who didn't eat a lot of meat, but oh so satisfying. Good food, great time.
All you can eat meat.  A statement that makes my taste buds smile and my stomach frown.  Which is weird, because I didn't know my stomach was able to frown.  Fogo de Cho serves up 15 types of quality meats that include beef, chicken, sausuage, and lamb.  In all you can eat quantities.  I think Fogo de Cho is Brazilian for food coma.

For someone that doesn't really do the buffet or all you can eat thing very often (outside of sushi), it surprises me that I've been to Fogo five times since they've opened.  Three of those visits have been within the last month or so!  Everything here is very, very tasty.  I don't normally eat much pork or lamb, but here it is a requirement.  Leave your preferences at the door and be sure to give every dish a chance.

I'd like to tell you what my favorite dish is, but it seems to change with every visit.  Everything is consistently good; there are times where things have been amazing.  There have also been a couple visits where I felt that things were too salty, which is quite a statement coming from me since I'm normally not that sensitive to salt.  Outside of those instances, dining at Fogo will leave you with one of the happiest food coma's you can ask for.  I'm totally a fan!
My husband and I came here for Father Day and it was absolutely perfect. Amazing food, great atmosphere, and wonderful customer service. We will be returning, especially because they were giving out complementary dinner gift cards to the fathers!  :)
Of all the Yelp promos I took advantage of during Yelp Spring Break, dinner at Fogo de Cho was the most memorable. This was my 1st time at Fogo de Cho or any Churrascaria, for that matter. I never knew what I was missing.

I made reservations, the girlfriend & I arrived on time, & we were promptly seated. Service was impeccable throughout. After we told the host that we were Churrascaria noobs, the manager personally came to our table & gave us the rundown.

In the most general terms, there are 3 food choices: some side dishes like cheese bread, mashed potatoes & polenta are automatically brought to the table; the salad bar; & the endless parade of meats brought directly to the table by the gauchos.

All of it is all-you-can-eat & all of it was outstanding. Most places with an all-you-can-eat salad bar stock that salad bar with lots of low cost filler. Not here. This Fogo de Cho salad bar had impressive Salmon & Charcuterie platters.

I made 1 visit to the salad bar & wanted to go back for more, but the meats the gauchos kept bringing were undeniable. That night, there were 16 varieties of beef, pork, lamb, chicken & sausage that were coming fresh out of the kitchen & being brought directly table-side.

It was a non-stop carnivore's carnal feeding frenzy of fleshly delights. So much meat. So good. So very good. Before coming to Vegas this time, I had decided this trip would be strictly "no buffets." But it was too late now & there was no turning back.

Fogo de Cho is awesome. The whole Churrascaria concept is awesome. Yelp is awesome for the Yelp Spring Break promo offer that got me to try Fogo de Cho for the 1st time. Sadly, there's no Fogo de Cho near home for me. But if I'm ever near 1 again, I'll definitely go out of my way to go back for more.
Currently I am shaking and sweating from all the meat. Do not, I repeat do not let that detract you from fogo de chao. The servers are fast, prompt and polite. The food is absolutely amazing. I even enjoyed the drinks here. I didn't know what I wanted, so I asked for something sweet and fruity. It was glorious.
Dined here on Thanksgiving 2011, pleasantly surprised they were open.  Decent crowd for a major holiday.  Was a long walk from the strip, wised up and took a cab for the way back.  Was my first visit, my husband's second.  He raved about this place.  I stuck to the chicken and pork, the other meats were cooked far to rare for me.  I loved the salad bar!  We plan on going back for Thanksgiving 2012.
the experience started really badly with an impolite receptionist and a very rude gaucho (meat cutter). If you are Brazilian you would know that we do not expect less than a perfect service, politeness, and great bbq. You will not find that here. The Texas de Brazil is a better option since we have tried both. Thanks to Henrique (chef) and Ademir (gaucho) we ended staying but after the bad moments, all the impoliteness and regular meat, my wife and I cannot rate this place above 2 stars.
What a wonderful dinner!  Having been to 2 other churrascarias, Fogo De Chao was clearly the best out of the 3.  Not only was the food better than the other places, the service was excellent as well.

I started with a caipirinha which was very strong, but tasty.  Shortly after that, the meat starting coming.  Each cut was nice, hot, and juicy.  The servers constantly asked us if we had any special cuts that we wanted/wanted more of.  Things were so fast and furious that I was pretty full after 15 minutes.  I was determined to eat a good amount so I kept at it for another 20 minutes.  After that I was pretty much TKO on meat so I sat and thought hard about any specific cuts I really wanted to try again.  I had 1-2 more pieces and was done.  It's worth mentioning that the sides/salad bar were very good as well.  It's a nice break from all the meat.

It's not a every week type of place but once in awhile it's definitely a nice treat when you're craving some delicious meat.  It's worth a short drive off the strip!
Really great service and amazing food. Wasnt sure what to expect, but I really enjoyed myself. Went with a group and we all loved the way the meat was seasoned. Very unique atmosphere. We will definitely be back.Ppp
For those of you that might have second thoughts on going here....get over it!!!! It was the BEST dining experience I have ever had. Food is fantastic and the service is magnificent. You will not be sorry
WOW!

I am so glad Rain insisted on eating here and skipping the buffet lines and all the other cheap Vegas dining options. We had a wonderful dining experience here. From the moment you walk in to when you're paying your check and leaving, everyone was just so pleasant and made us feel so welcomed to this restaurant. 

The meat was overflowing so the red/green signal definitely helped direct the flow of meat. I was clueless at first, eventually got the hang of it and didn't miss out on a lot of meats. I guess we got lucky because we were seated by the meat source. We got first choice on some of the meats. Some were a little to rare for my taste. They also had a good spread of salad, bread, and cheeses. 

Thanks Yelp Spring Break! Wouldn't have come here if it wasn't for your irresistible offer!
Came here on 24 Jun 2012, here is my review for each specific area I'm rating it against, now keep it mind this is on a high cost end and if people are paying this much then food quality and service should be commensurate. 

Service: It was okay service overall, nothing over-the-top. Attentive staff, however, except when I asked one of the waiter if they had salmon he said they do but it was only smoke. 

Food: it was average overall, the cold cuts, rice, beans and other items on buffet line was good but nothing to rave about.

Meat: this is suppose to be their best selling point, but I think this is where they failed bad and I thought that they were giving people low bang for the buck. Here is what I mean, first, there was only a few choices of meat compare to some Brazilian restaurant we've been to here in Vegas. Second, when they started going around, they start you and fill you up with cheap cuts, like for example chicken and then some sausage. Then they follow it up with top sirloin, I mean I didn't even see the lamb of leg or prime rib until the end, which I was already full. Third, there was no fish on the menu.

Location: being close to the Strip can mean bad and good, good because you will get more tourist customers. Bad, because when you go out for a nice dinner wearing decent clothes, you should at least expect to see people wearing similar clothing. When we were there we had a group of tourist that looked like they just came back from playing basketball, sleeveless shirt and spandex shorts, and this is supposed to be fine dining?? What a joke!

Now I can't help it but compare this to Via Brasil because I think Via beats this place hands down.

Via Brasil is a bit farther out from the strip, we've been there at least 4 times and all those times we've never seen anyone dress like a yoohoo! I think that the location speaks for itself as well, more middle-classs to wealthy neighborhood nearby so you always see Ferraris/Maserati park upfront. No tourist to deal with really!

The service is way better, they have a waiter/waitress looking at your table the whole time to ensure you don't run out of things. When you are done with your plate, they even take it away and clean/brush crumbs off of your table and gives you a new plate while you are just seating down.

Food: this is where it hit the mark for me, they have more meat selection(just compare both meat menu please) to add, Via has Salmon on Cedar planks, this is my wife's favorite. On one Friday night, they even had one whole roasted pig on a cart wheeled around, what a delicious treat.

Overall, if I am paying this much then I think food quality/service should be commensurate. Go to Via Brasil and you'll know what I'm talking about!
We came here for our wedding dinner with a party of 15. The service was awesome!! We had a private room in the back. The food was unreal with tons of choices of meat that filled all of our bellies. They went above and beyond cutting our wedding cake even. I would recommend this place for dinner or even hosting a small celebration dinner.
Was in town for a convention and a college suggested we drop in for lunch. Staff was very attentive and the restaurant is impeccable. The choices of meats are a carnivores delight. The food would have been a bit more enjoyable if they mind how much salt is added to the meat. I am a regular guy who doesn't mind salt, but man they really over did it. Other that being heavy handed on the salt, I would probably go back next time I am in town.
This was our first trip to Fogo Las Vegas. We've been to 6 other locations. Our experience was nothing shy of excellence! As with all the other locations!!!
The BEST Brazilian place I have ever eaten at! The salad bar was amazing and the meat was so tender and mouth watering!! The service was AMAZING! Never once did we have to ask for anything......it was there before we even thought to ask! I will def be coming here again next time I am in Vegas!! If I could I would give it 10 stars!
Honestly, do yourself a favor while you are in Vegas and go Fago de Chao for a meal!  We went there for lunch on 7/11/12 and we were thrilled with the FRESHNESS and QUALITY of everything.  The salad bar was outstanding, so much to choose from and CLEAN!   After the salad bar, we were ready to try the meat selections, bacon wrapped filet, lamb chops, leg of lamb, sirloin, sausage, chicken, pork tenderloin......all of it flavorful, juicy, tender.  The service was impeccable, the meat  gaucho's  were always there ready to offer the next tasty morsel.  The meal was  about $25 a person, a BARGAIN by Las Vegas standards.   We were staying the THEHotel by Mandalay Bay, the cab ride over was about $15 soooooo worth it!  Our server told us the menu is the same for either lunch or dinner but lunch cost about half the price, reservations are recommended, so call before you go.
Thanks to my best friend I had the pleasure of trying this place.  It would definitely bust my wallet, but thankfully Gloribelle P. took me here for my birthday.  We came for lunch on a week day so it wasn't too busy. We started with the salad bar and I was really impressed with the quality of the selections. Definitely a step or 2 up from other salad bars at the buffets.  Everything I tried was delicious and you could tell just by looking that all the vegetables were fresh.  The banana on the side, is DELICIOUS. Probably one of my favorite parts of the meal. We couldn't stop eating it, the soft tender banana with the sweetness from the brown sugar was a really nice contrast of flavors.  The cheese bread was good too, but I think I would get sick of it if it had too much.  I think I limited myself to 2 or 3 rolls during the entire meal.  The meat on the other hand was kind of disappointing because most of it tasted like "blah buffet meat." The only one that was good was the pichana. By the time we realized everything else wasn't worth trying we were already full to get seconds on the pichana. That's okay though because we came here to sample.  The service was of course superb, but I wouldn't expect anything less since this is a classy restaurant.  However, I kinda felt like whenever we asked for something our server was quick and prompt, but he  had a slight "ugh" reaction. Maybe it was just me? The entire experience is 4 stars while the meat is a low 2.
How have I not been here already?! I thought Rei do Gado in SD was good... but Fogo de Chao blows RDG out of the water. FDC is located off the strip sort of by Lawry's. We wanted to try a buffet for lunch and figured we'd try Fogo since we love Brazilian BBQ. Best decision for lunch I've ever made in Vegas.

It was $26.50 during lunchtime for 15 different cuts of meat. The service was impeccable and the meats melted in my mouth. This is a really nice place and I'm so happy that the staff welcomed us with open arms. Once you sit down, you can peruse through the salad bar for your sides. I'm smart enough to know not to fill up on that stuff though... you have to save your stomach for the meat and get your money's worth. There's a card where your seat is with a green and red side -- green light and red light if you will, for the sake of letting the staff know if you want meat or if you want to take a break. Once I flipped my green side up, the meat kept coming non-stop. I could barely even take one bite before the next guy came with the next cut. It wasn't long until I had a take a break from the action. 

FDC is the best Brazilian churrascaria I've ever been to. The meats were fantastic and my party received nothing short of great service. I definitely didn't get my money's worth, but the meat was so good that I don't even care!
Had dinner with a group of 10 people on Wednesday. Food poisoning the next morning. Horrible experience. Their salad bar wasn't anything special. Texas de Brazil is definitely my to go for brazillian steakhouse! Two stars for great service!
This place let's me live out my Bill Gates fantasy.  This is where I would go into a high end steak house and order everything on the menu and eat till I burst.  That is how good the quality of the meat is.  Service is excellent too.

My only complaint is that they don't have one in Hawaii...
This is a great place for someone who is seeking super good meet in a city full of all you can eat buffet...
The beef and lamb are superb, but the most amazing thing is the servers. Professional and welcoming! Highly recommended!!
We dine at a local, non chain brazil steakhouse in Summerlin and love it there! We decided to give this one a try because they are all over the states. Upon arriving, parking was a nightmare! There were only about 20 spaces available to park, then all the other 50 spaces were coned off for "valet". Boo! We were seated right away, got our drinks, and hit the salad bar... Salad bar was mediocre. Salad, salami, potato and chicken salad, cold vegetables (broccoli and asparagus) fresh mozzarella balls, prosciutto,white rice and black beans etc. not impressive...it was pretty dark in the restaurant and very busy. People running around constantly! The cheese filled bread they bring to the table were lightly filled with cheese and airy... Generally, other brazil steakhouses let you choose your sides, but this one brought out fried polenta(dry and cold), mashed potatoes from a box, and fried bananas. The meat service WAS really good... Bacon wrapped filet and chicken, phenomenal Parmesan crusted pork tenderloin. The price was $49.00pp, $10 more per person then our preferred spot... They'll need to work on specials for the local scene. Overall a good experience, but I'll save the gas and go to our spot where it's more relaxed, with superior service and an awesome salad bar!
Carnivores Unite...at Fogo de Chao. 

This was such a fun experience. The salad bar is okay, but I would advise conserving room in your stomach for the delicious cheese puffs, the crispy polenta, the sweet fried bananas, and the tender, succulent meat offerings. Who needs greens? Not. Me.

We ordered up some Caipirinha, the Brazilian cocktail of choice at Fogo, whet our appetite with those light, airy cheese puffs, and then turned our coasters to green to let the parade of meat commence. 

Everything was amazing, but my favorite was definitely the filet. I love my meat on the suuuuuuper rare side, and there were plenty of almost-mooing options to choose from. We definitely ate wayyyyyy too much, so exercise some self restraint, or be prepared to cancel whatever plans you had for later that evening.
This is going to be a long story.

So I went to my 1st Brazilian churrascaria at the Fogo de Chao in Chicago back in 2009.  It was awesome.  Probably one of the greatest eating experiences I have ever had.  Since then I've ventured to many other churrascarias (read my Texas de Brazil review) and always compared them to my 1st time.  Well, what a delight when I was visiting Vegas and saw that a Fogo de Chao finally opened up a location here.  So I invited my friend Angela to eat here.  And she's never been to a churrascaria so I was pretty excited.

I book a reservations online for opening dinner time, 1700.  Was really easy and no issues with booking.  We actually got there early and sat at the bar.  We took a look at their special menu of caipirinhas and asked the bartender what his recommendations were.  He was pretty awesome because he actually told us not to order certain drinks because he thought they didn't mix well and recommended their premium caipirinha.  We decided to order one of these and the melon flavored one.  They both weren't bad but honestly I didn't think they were amazing.  If you've never had one, give it a shot.  Myself, I think I'll pass on it for the future.

We didn't sit long before they told us our table was ready.  We sat down and the 1st thing I noticed was how dimly lit the lights were.  Almost like a strip club, it was a little strange.  I like to clearly see the food I'm eating.  Well, the meat ensemble started in.  16 different meats served tonight.  Admittedly some of the meats is really salty and left me thirsting for water pretty bad afterwards but still pretty outstanding overall.  Some of the meats definitely better than others.  

You also get served three sides on the table.  Garlic mashed potatoes, fried banana, and fried yucca I think.  They're pretty outstanding.  The yucca is super crunchy, the potatoes garlicky and the banana really sweet.  The only problem with the sides is that you're so focused on eating the meats, the sides tend to get cold and definitely just don't taste as good.

So this is really the start of the beginning for me.  I think I've finally hit the wall.  I'm 39 years old now and my body's really starting to fight me back.  What do I mean?  I ate a ton of food that night and a massive amount of meat.  I thought I was going to die from meat poisoning.  That meat really stuck hard in my mid-section (stomach?) and was crazy heavy the rest of the night.  I honestly just don't think I can do this anymore.  Just done with eating soooooooooooooo much meat.  Yep, I've over the hill.  Sigh.

So, what's the solution?  Why even mention all this?  Because if you're not a carnivore and get invited to come eat here, you can order just the salad bar for $20.  It's a great deal.  If I lived/worked close by, I would probably do this at least 1/month.  Maybe even for lunch.  The salad bar is awesome.  Something like 30+ selections on the bar.  Bar is like 20 feet long and different selections on both sides.  Really outstanding selections of food and all really good.  There was even a plate of just fried bacon!  Was salad topping.  Kinda crazy, I almost wanted to grab the entire plate it looked so good.

Finally for dessert we ordere the papaya cream and the flan.  The flan was outstanding.  Flan is usually too dense or too drippy and really hard to balance the two to make the perfect flan.  This was it.  Really just perfect.  Amazing.  The papaya cream?  Wow, it's almost like eating ice cream except it's not.  It's pretty awesome.  Definitely give it a try.

So finally at the end, for the two of us, about $150.  Oh, and they give military discounts!  So I paid less than that.  Though they actually messed up my discount.  It's suppose to be 10% off and my bill went from $152 to $147.  Oh well.  

So if you still haven't tried a churrascaria yet and you live in Vegas, you've now two outstanding choices to choose from.  Here or Texas de Brazil.
Came here for dinner and it was pretty damn good.  I enjoyed the beef the most.  The filet mignon and some other steak cut were my favorites.  The chickens were really good too.  I didn't care for the lamb, it was my first time having it, but I don't think I'll be trying it again.  Although they give you small portions of meat at a time, I surprisingly got full pretty quick.  A little pricey, but worth it.  Plus the service was top notch.  My plate was rarely without food.
We were truly amazed at the wonderful food and service at Fogo de Cho. The buffet/salad bar was delish, the side dishes were amazing, the cheese-rolls were to die for, and the never ending stream of 12 meat choices, delivered and carved table-side, were fantastic. The meat was tender, flavorful, and delectable, and when I say never-ending, I'm not lying. This staff is a well-oiled machine here, as well as being super friendly and attentive. I can't say enough about our experience. I would go back in a heartbeat and highly recommend to others. 

As a side note, I've got a gluten allergy, and all but 3 items on the menu were gluten free, including the cheese rolls. I was in heaven. Thanks, Fogo de Cho!
As always, a great experience at Fogo. The attentive staff really make the meal. They are always there to make sure you have everything you need and that you are enjoying your meal. 

The buffet area is well stocked and spotless. The rotation of meats was varied and abundant. I like that the servers ask if you have any specific requests and they bring them out to you immediately. 

Go for lunch, the price is a bit lower and the food is all the same. 

Make sure to ask your server if they can call you a cab back to the strip when you're done because it'll be impossible to find one down here otherwise.
These five stars are well deserved. 
This restaurant is incredible, everything from the service to salad bar is top notch. 
My boyfriend and I had reservations right at 4 PM on a sunday, which is when they open. We got seated quickly, and then ventured on to the salad bar. Everything was so fresh and presented so beautifully. I love how they didn't have the typical salad bar items, but instead had things like artichoke hearts, etc.
The meats were all delicious, but I particularly liked the bacon wrapped filet mignon. Nom nom! :) 
I actually didn't end up eating much of the meat because of the darn cheese bread! It's simply addicting. I couldn't stop eating them :) 
Service was perfection, our server (totally forgot his name... Michael? I really need to start writing names down so I can give yelp shoutouts for excellent service :), was very attentive and quick to bring things out. I ordered a drink, but it was INCREDIBLY STRONG, so the waiter actually took it back and had the bartender change it up slightly, so it would be less strong. 
For dessert we got creme brulee. If there is room left in the stomach, I hightly recommend it! It was quite delicious. 
Though I experienced dinner here, I can't imagine lunch being that much different, so I would definitely recommend coming here for lunch. It's about half the price and the food is pretty much the same. :)
My first Fogo de Chao dining experience was in Chicago almost a decade ago.  I moved to Vegas and was going to the OTHER churrascaria which was ok but had less got offer. So, when Fogo opened their doors in November 2011, I was happy. Excellent cuts and great selections of meat (picanha/top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet, rib eye, alcatra), warm pao de queijo (cheese rolls/popovers), fried polenta and fried bananas. The salad bar has great offerings: aged cheeses, prosciutto, smoked salmon, salami, artichokes, etc.  

You can eat as much meat (or salad bar items) as you want. Everything is so tasty that I keep my flip card green.  I always finish 3-4 plates of food and wash it down with Brazilian lemonade. Truly a carnivores paradise.
I love fogo!!!! I'm a regular at the Beverly hills location and the Vegas!!! Every city that I go to that has a fogo. It's a must go!!!! Love the food and the service is exceptional!!!!
Without doubt FIVE STAR !  Unforgetable experience !
Meat! When my girl asked where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner this year I knew exactly where I wanted to go. Service was excellent and I think I ate an entire lamb all by myself. All the meat was prepared well. There were only one or two pieces that were a little more well done than we would have liked. We even got a free birthday flan from the restaurant. I want to make this an annual birthday event.
Fogo is unlike any Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to before. They are more upscale and service is the key to their success. My fella requested we come here for his birthday dinner this year. We arrived and were greeted warmly by the hostess. We were taken to our seats and were attentively checked on by all the waiters and gauchos regularly from that point on. 

Our waiter explained their ordering process and brought us our drinks. We started with the salad bar. We were careful not to fill up too much on all the delectables there, saving room for the mountain of meat to follow. Then it was time to flip our cards from red to green and prepare for the onslaught. All the cuts we tried were excellent. My favorites were the lamb chops, flank steak and the Picanha. There were a few cuts that were a little overcooked for my taste, but overall the food was fantastic. The cheesy bread was subtle and fantastic and I have to say that I loved the salad bar. I'd probably have no qualms coming back just to indulge in the salad bar while my fella protein-loaded until his heart's content. At the end of our meal, the restaurant manager came by to talk to us and make sure we enjoyed our meal. He even sent over some complementary flan for my fella's birthday. the flan was excellent. The service was perfection and the experience was exactly what I had hoped for. We'll be back.
Best Brazilian Restaurant in Vegas hands down. I recommend starting out with a traditional Brazilian drink, the Caipirinha. It consists of fresh limes muddled with sugar and Cachaa, a Brazilian rum that has a slight tequila taste. they have many varieties of this drink on their cocktail menu.
The salad bar... over 30 items ranging from salads to fresh cut salmon, grilled veggies and various side dishes. 
The meat... my favorite was the fillet. Amazing flavor, no need for steak sauce here! With 12 different meats there's something for everyone. I highly recommend trying this place. At 50$ a plate its well worth it.
We came here for the hubby's 25th birthday.  The service is top notch,even Gordon Ramsay would be impressed. We had two different servers and they were very prompt in brining out each dish and were quick to refill our glasses. I felt like a princess!

This place beats Espetus hands down back in San Francisco!!! Every piece of meat was extremely fresh and so full of incredible fresh off the grill flavor! I felt like I was at an old fashioned gaucho parilla ! Next time I am in Vegas I WILL COME BACK!! 5+ stars
In Las Vegas there are 4  churrascaria style restaurants and in my opinion Fogo de Cho is at the top of the heap.  If I were to rank them based on my opinion they would stack up as I have laid them out below.

Fogo de Cho - Overall best meats and service. Good deserts as well!
Texas de Brazil - Great salad bar.  Meats can be hit or miss at times.
Via Brasil Steakhouse - Good local hangout .
Pampas Churrascaria - Pricey as it is located in the Casino. drinks are $$$!
Yolies Brazilian Steak House - Think this one is gone :(

Because Brazilian style steakhouses are all about the meats. (Quality, selection, speed of service) We naturally chose Fogo as the leader. We have dined at all the others on the list 3+ times so I feel this review is accurate. 
We have yet to dine at Samba on the strip but we eat out often and hopefully will visit next week.
My husband and I came back here to redeem our "Complimentary Father's Day Dinner" gift card and things were even MORE exceptional this time!! I absolutely would recommend this place!
We went with a party of 4 including my wife (Brazilian) to this place because of good experiences elsewhere (other Fogo's) and raving reviews on here.

Food-wise, its was great, I would give it 4 stars, however our waitress I'll give 2 stars, and here is why:
Unfortunately we were dealt a very "pushy and present" waitress. For example, we asked for the Mango caipirinha, and she basically talked us out of it, saying it's not very popular, we should instead have the one with Amaretto but my wife said she didnt like Amaretto. So we asked for the original. Next, the waitress comes back with the one with Amaretto, saying "I brought this one anyway, since I know you'll like it, you can not taste the Amaretto, and if you dont like it I'll bring you the other one".
Well, needless to say, my wife didnt like it, so we had to get her to bring the other one. 

There were many more examples, like asking if a particular person wanted more wine while at the same time starting to pour it. Taking plates and dessert orders while one person was still finishing the meat. And at some point she was even dissing a meat server right behind us after he put the meat directly on the plate.
The experience just became such that we tried to avoid at any cost to have the waitress come to our table for any thing.

Unfortunately, the waitress we had overshadowed the quality we think this place had.
This was my second visit to Fogo.  The first was for an evening Yelp Eiite Event and this visit was for lunch with the Las Vegas Restaurant Week Fall 2012 pricing.  For a few dollars more than the normal lunch price, you get  a choice of 3 desserts and a contribution is made to Three Square.

The salad bar has fewer items at lunch than dinner, but they have the most common items you'd want including hearts of palm, some excellent sliced cheese (one of my favorites), chilled asparagus, and other items besides greens for salad.

The servers come around with their skewers of meat.  Yesterday's hit for me was the garlic steak.  What great garlic flavor!  I also enjoyed some lamb chops, boneless chicken breast wrapped with bacon and pichana to name a few. In addition, you have some of the cheese puffs to start out and you get sides of mashed potato, fried and glazed plantain, and polenta sticks.  For dessert, I chose the turtle cheesecake which was very good.

This is a very solid, well priced coma-inducing lunch.  You want to come home and sleep for an hour or so just as you did after your mother's holiday dinners when you fell asleep during the football game.  I like this place!
Endless meats on skewers carved table side for you.Those familiar with this style of dinning know what I am talking about. For those of you who don't, you are missing out big time. First let me talk about the "salad" bar. I have gone there and not had a single vegetable (sorry mom). they have assortments of cured meats and cheeses. what a way to start  meal that contains your protein allotment for a month! The key to this place is to know when to give up. one does that bay flipping the little disc on your table from green to red. I have eaten so much I was physically and psychologically unable to flip my disc to red. I spent the next 24 hours with the meat sweats. I would do it again! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It's slowed down as of late, but I gotta thank my employment for letting me go to these networking shindigs.  Nothing like a few plates of free food to set the mood!  I will sit through countless meetings with salesmen slinging terms of 'cloud computing' and 'IPv6' in order to enjoy a great meal on the house!

Fogo de Chao was a great place to have one of these meetings.  The room was large and spacious, and was made private by room dividers.  Not to mention it's close to the airport which makes it great for those traveling in and out of town.  I'll cut straight to the chase...after fooling us into listening to their 'why you need our equipment' speech for 30 minutes, we finally hit the food!

Fogo de Chao, Texas de Brazil, and Via Brasil are all LV's better churrascarias.  Brazilian BBQ, baby!  All have excellent salad bars (which by the way have much more than salad), a number of excellent cuts of meat (and more meat...and even a bit more meat), and excellent desserts.  In my opinion, going to any one of these three places will do you well.  I think it just depends more on personal preference where you would like to go the most.

If you like lobster bisque and sushi (yes, sushi at a churrascaria), go to Texas de Brazil.  If you like lots of side dishes and some exotic meat offerings, go to Via Brasil (the chicken hearts are muy excellente).  If you really have no preference and just want to enjoy the meat-stravaganza, go to Fogo de Chao.  I really do like all 3 places, but I visit Texas and Via more because they both have e-clubs.  What does this mean?  BOGO dinner meals and special offers!  Yep, I'm still a cheapie.

Fogo de Chao starts you off with their yummy side dishes:

-Cheese bread (damn these are good warm)
-Crispy polenta
-Garlic mashed potatoes
-Caramelized bananas
-Rice and black beans (on request)

Along with this you get to peruse their salad bar which includes:
-Aged parmesan and imported cheeses
-Prosciutto
-Hearts of Palm
-Artichokes
-Smoked salmon
-Italian salami and ham
-Asparagus
-Tabbouleh

Fogo de Chao has over 15 cuts of meat as your disposal, here are a few I sampled that day:

-Picanha (top sirloin - love the garlic kick)
-Alcatra (top sirloin cut popular in Brazil)
-Fraldinha (bottom sirloin)
-Cordeiro (lamb)
-Frango (chicken)
-Lombo (pork loin)
-Linguica (sausage)

Meaty goodness I tell you!  I will say that many churrascarias heavily season their meats, so some cuts may come out a bit salty.  So drink your water people!  Or do like I did, get a can of imported Guarana drink, popular in Brazil!  Gotta love being comped!

Overall...damn I got meat wasted!  Everything was in fine order and my belly was full of sides, salad, and meat.  I liken it to a fancier Vegas buffet.  Food was great, and the service was top notch.  I wish I could do this for lunch every week!  But alas, the treadmill beckons.  And the countless hours of Insanity would have been wasted all on this beefy goodness.

I must not forget, our hosts let us order dessert as well!  Luckily we were able to take it to go.  I got me a slice of Turtle cheesecake for the road.  Unfortunately, I had to take that slice home...where I had to see my kids.  Upon which I told them where I had a free lunch that day, and watched the jealousy set in.  Therefore ending my day with my free cheesecake being devoured in it's entirety.  But not before I got a bite in!  Very rich but very good!

No matter which of the big three churrascarias you choose here in Vegas you can't go wrong.  Awesome food, awesome service, awesome experience.  Shimmy on down to Fogo de Chao if you have the chance and are honkering for a protein power hour.  But please, at least pretend to eat some salad!
Omg - Yes!

I am not a huge red meat lover, but I went to Fogo with a private group. I have never been to Brazilian steakhouse, and I didn't know what to expect.

They have a salad bar, which I didn't experience as well as Brazilian-style sides. The star of the show is of course the meat, which flows continuously. They have steak, ribs, bacon wrapped chicken, chicken wings and etc. The meat is perfection - well seasoned, tender, juicy - just amazing!

I can't really speak about the service since I was in a private area, but the food it definitely worth trying.
Before I start ripping this place for it's food, I have to give props where it's deserved!  This was some of the BEST service I've gotten in a restaurant. And that was the ONLY reason I considered giving Fogo a second star, but alas, well, the service and the pudim (or flan in english).  It was the BEST pudim that I've ever eaten outside of my Mom's home!!! And her pudim is to die for!

But the food, ahh the food, and the food was the reason for coming here right? Well the food,  let me see where do I start...  I have to highlight the fact that I really don't understand any of the previous reviewers that have written an opinion on this place, perhaps they just don't know any better, or the premise of the place "clouds" their taste buds.  Because this is without a doubt in my mind, the second worst Churrascaria Rodizio that I have EVER been to (the worst being a whole in the wall that used to exist in Honolulu, but has since closed (back in 08 or so..). It is important to salient the fact that I have been to several different Churrascarias in my life, throughout Brazil and the U.S. as well.  At the top of my list of good ones right now is Libra in Culver City, CA.  

But I digress, I even tried to bring these facts to the manager, who at first tried to insinuate that I didn't know what I was talking about and became rather defensive, I understand, but customers concerns should be heeded, not argued about!  The manager being Brazilian, which I am also by heritage, however I do not carry an accent and while speaking English he simply saw me as a gringo, who doesn't know any better... But alas I explained the facts of life to him, after which he stated that the "seasoning" had to be what's-the-word-I'm-looking-for: toned down in order to appeal to the palates of all the tourists and etc... 
This confession only came out after I named more than a few places that I had been to, the fact that despite being born in the US I had spent 14 years in country and knew the food well.  The conversation also took a turn to history of Brazil, not sure why he went there, but anyways, I followed, and in the end I got the "truth" out of him.  Which in his defense I found out that bland food is the norm in Vegas, blagh, I never tasted food so without "life", taste and soul than during my stay here...  We even went to the M Resort's Studio B buffet, again another disappointing meal: best meals? Secret Pizza and Sweet Tomatoes (yes, indeed!!!)

Nevertheless, I felt robbed in spending the amount of money that my wife and I did for a completely lackluster meal, that doesn't deserve any of the praises that have been sung previously!

The molho a campanha was the worst I've ever had, I actually enjoyed the chimichurri sauce, which was a little sacrilegious; the rice was dry as well as the black beans, the meat in general was lacking in the taste area, properly cooked, but not much flavor (they went too light on the sal grosso!), the buffet was bland in general and they did not have fries or onion rings (both traditionally present in similar buffets), only the polenta.  Overall I kept wishing I was back in LA at Libra!!!

Thank you for reading, and I hope I can help by saving others from this place!!!
If you are a steak/wine lover, this place is like heaven. I have been to 4 location in different cities but this place never disappoints.

Service is as good as it can be, great selection of wine. Garlic Beef and cheese bread is to die for. One time we had a small issue (server forgot to bring wine) and the manager comped the whole bill for the two of us. I am a die hard fan for life.
Went for my mother-in-law's birthday. The group of 12 loved every second of the meal. 
Service was top-notch. Caiparihnas were the best I've ever had. The meats were excellent and plentiful. Dining room was nice and clean.
But again, the service was really what put everything over the top! Thank you, Fogo de Chao!
The best of the rodizio-type places in Vegas, at least that I've tried.  Way better than Texas de Brazil, and light years ahead of Yolies.

Tons and tons of Brazilians working here - if you are an expat and feeling lonely for the sounds of home, come for the conversation alone.

Service was impeccable, food quality was high.  The pudim is indeed excellent, as Marcel says, and while it may not meet his standards for rodizio, again, it's way better than the other options in town.  If you want meat, and lots of it, this is the place.
So now I can safely take Brazilian BBQ style of eating off the bucket list and of cherries left to pop by the culinary world..If you have to do it DEFINITELY do it at Fogo's! The service is top notch and they give the vibe of not being fake friendly and want you to live up the night!

They do invite you to start with the salad bar prior to going carnivore which I was hesitant to do, but did find some well prepared bacon and cheese to chow on before going at it with the meat!

Well I can say that everything was very moist and literally melted away in your mouth when attempting to chew so there's a testament to how the preparation went..You are asked how you want it (rare, medium, etc) so you create your meal pretty much..I went medium rare for everything and I suggest that for any noob who ventures there for a sitting!

I had the picanha (flavored with garlic), bacon wrapped filet mignon, beef ancho, alcatra, fraldinha, frango, linguica, and limbo..My top cut was the fraldinha as I went back to that one countless times, but the fact it melted away melted me away! I felt like I ate the whole farm that night, but there was no disappointment at any point!
This place has great, friendly service.  And yes, the free after-dinner (or before) chocolates at the hostess stand are delicious. 

The Gauchos do not use Brazilian Portuguese terms for the meats... this was kind of disappointing since I was expecting that part of the fun learning experience.  Even if they have to explain what they said, that's part of the fun.  To skip this aspect seems... lazy.  

Anyway, the Picanha is called "house special."  The bacon-wrapped filet mignon is CLEARLY the best choice; DO NOT waste time or stomach space on chicken. The sausage was ok, definitely not the tastiest part of the meal, nor the best I've ever had.  It wasn't even second or third best.  I'm not a fan of lamb, so I skipped that choice. The porterhouse was pretty good, but I suggest you ask for medium rare or medium since the well done cut is kind of a waste (and it wasn't very good).  

Why waste room on the salad bar?  However, if you do, you'll find it has great options: asparagus, sun dried tomato, green olives, chilled grilled zucchini, spinach, lettuce, greens, tabouleh, etc.  They offer a free cheese bread; IT'S A TRAP!  Yes, it's REALLY good.  But that's how they sucker you into eating that crap instead of the EXPENSIVE MEATS!  The lemonade is more like limeade; it's very tangy, and I needed to add sugar.  The crme brle was very good, large even for two people.  It's a nice way to top off your meal if you still have stomach space and failed to eat enough meat. 

Do yourself a favor and be sure to make a reservation.  Immediately after I was seated, I saw a tour bus full of Japanese tourists come in with their group and I was really thankful I had made a reservation.
So far I've gone to Via Brasil and Texas de Brazil... hmm, I would say at least four times each. My boyfriend and I finally got around to trying out Fogo de Chao. The meats were delicious (I'm getting hungry just thinking back on on our visit), but I wasn't all that impressed with the salad bar. Though I haven't tried everything at the salad bars at Via Brasil or Texas de Brazil, they seem to have wider selections and I have found some dishes that I like; however, not too many at Fogo de Chao appealed to me. I'll still give them 5 stars for now, though, because I didn't try too many of them and the rest of the food was awesome. Also, it's not a huge deal as I don't go to churrascarias to eat salad.
Went for lunch and was GREAT !!  I find the dinner prices here too expensive when compared with other steak houses but lunch was reasonable for the same meats. The Garlic steak was our favorite !!  The roving drink cart at some locations is an experience as well. We very much like the salad bar.
My girlfriend suggested we try this place and it was an incredible experience!!  This is a very fun and entertaining place to dine, the meats were very good and the service is off the charts. We are Las Vegas locals and we'll be back to this place.
This is a meat lover's paradise. A Brazilian Steakhouse is not for the light hearted. Fogo de Chao exceeded my expectations in all areas.

I honestly can't remember all the types of meats I tried because I liked them all! My favorites were the House Sirloin and Top Sirloin. It was marinated perfectly and tasted great with the Chimichurri sauce. I like my meat medium cooked and all of the meat was cooked to my liking. My absolute favorite part about my meal were the cheese puffs. They were little puffs of heaven! I must have eaten about 20 of them!

The only reason I gave it four stars is because I enjoy the salad bar offerings at Texas de Brazil more. Don't get me wrong, they had a variety of salad items such as fresh cut salmon, cheeses, prosciutto and roasted potatoes.. but there is something about Texas de Brazil's Lobster Bisque that I crave.

Service was exceptional. We had a large party of eight adults and two babies. I like that they had high chairs and car seat slings. They were quick to refill our drinks and replenish our cheese puffs and sides. Best of all, they kept the meat coming!

This is a good place to go for large parties. They have long tables and private rooms. Just try not to go to the salad bar the same time as a party of 20. 

I would definitely recommend Fogo to my meat loving friends.
This is always going to be on my Vegas food list.I would've been happy just going back to the salad bar over and over.Very easy to eat low carb/keto here.The meat was spectacular.I'm not a lamb eater (yuck!) so I can't speak to that.Go Go Go! It was $48.50 per person when I went for the whole sha bang (plus drinks obvi).Pricey,but oh so worth it.Come hungry.No..wait.Come famished.That way you can take advantage.
1st time ever at this restaurant.  The meats were cooked nicely and seasoned right.  Many BBQ/Steakhouses can easily under/over cook their meats and usually their under-seasoned.

My only gripe would be that their selection should include brisket and a pork tenderloin that is not crusted in cheese.
This particular location was not quite on par with the others in Houston and Dallas.
Good food and good prices, but wasn't the best Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to.  The service was good, and the salad bar was exceptional.  I'll likely come back next time in Vegas.
All. you. can. eat. steak. What more can the inner carnivore of every man want? You start off with the salad bar to get your stomach warmed up for the main course: the meat! When you're ready for the main course you flip your card over to green and the chefs swoop in like SEAL Team 6 and carve out pieces of steak onto your plate. Seriously, I wouldn't be surprised if they dropped in from the ceiling when you flip your card over. You definitely won't have to wait long trying to flag a chef down. Moreover, If you're waiting for a particular cut of meat the chefs ask what you're waiting for and sends the appropriate dish to your table asap. My favorite has to be the house special (picana sp?), but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 

Service is definitely the best in the business too. All the servers and chefs are attentive, and the manager has greeted my table personally every time to make sure everything is perfect. This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants, but can get expensive for dinner, so come around lunch time where it's cheaper and still has the full menu!
Fogo de Chao is a true monument to the unparalleled deliciousness of red meat.  The filet mignon, sirloin, rib eye, sirloin, brisket, and lamb leg, perfectly seasoned and flame grilled without that excessive salt we've become accustomed to when eating Brazilian barbeque, are all offered at the temperature of your choice.  Yes, at this churrascaria, the words "medium rare" actually mean something.

The accompanying salad bar, which is immaculately kept and beautifully presented, would make for a great meal in itself: fresh greens, tender mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, artichokes, smoked salmon, roasted garlic, asparagus, to name a few items.  They also bring a few side dishes to your table that are actually worthy of taking up that precious gastrointestinal real estate you've reserved for all that meat: garlic mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas, and deep fried polenta (ESPECIALLY the deep fried polenta).  The service was incredibly hospitable and attentive, and the comfortable yet posh ambiance makes you forget that you're indulging yourself in enough food to feed the entire roster at a modeling agency.  For a year.  I'll be back.
If you like this place, you should try texas de brazil.  Food is better by far.  Atmosphere is nice if Fogo de Chao, but thier food is not good.  Very disappointing.  I've gone to all three of the Brazilian steak houses in town that I know of.  This one, the one in town square, and the one in summerlin.  Town Square is the best, then summerlin (hit or miss), but this one was worst and highest priced.
I had no idea how great everything was going to taste!! In Vegas, you can't go wrong with Ricardo in attendance!
Everything from the atmosphere, to the staff and the amazing salad bar was fantastic! Can't wait to go again!!
Here you don't have the choice of menu items, you have no choice but to get the all you can eat. I like my meat medium well and every time they cut me a piece it would be rare. The head waiter had asked me if there was anything he can get me because he saw that my plate had so much red meat pushed off to this side. I said yes, I would like more cooked meat, and he must have yelled at somebody because we just had servers after servers come up to us with well done meat.
Went with friends for a birthday and just wasn't impressed.  One of our party had been before, and loved the place.  My BF and I were just didn't think it was worth the $$.  Neither of us ate that much from the skewers, as it just didn't seem to have a lot of flavor.  When it was all said and done, we paid too much (drinks way overpriced) and left feeling unsatisfied.  

I found it irritating that no one in party had their indicator turned to green at the same time, so we constantly had servers at our table which interrupted our conversations and left me feeling crowded.

For that price, we would have preferred having a good steak at Gallagher's or Twin Creeks.

Two people had the meals, dessert, one soda and two cocktails, with tip the bill was $192.
I forgot what it was like to eat at a Brazilian steakhouse compared to all the buffets I've consumed. This was a real meat-fest. Lots of meat, meat, and more meat on the plate. Prime rib, sirloin, filet, chicken, pork - out of the churrascarias I've been to, I think Fogo's has the best meat (it's seasoned just right and tastes very good).

I think the attractive part of Fogo's is the meat. I was not impressed by the salad bar. Though it was presented clean and beautifully, there weren't that many selections to choose from. (Just some cold cuts, cheese, asparagus spears, potato salad, some rice, and beans). There was no fruit or other deliciousness.

The meal came with complimentary mashed potatoes, polenta, and po de queijo. I enjoyed the warm goodness of the po de queijos the most. 

Come here if you're looking mostly to dine on tasty meats. If you want appetizers or other side dishes, or even a salad bar with more offerings, go elsewhere. As it is, though Fogo's has the best churrascaria meats so far, I'm not sure it was worth the price (pretty expensive - $28.50 + tax per person for lunch).
Las Vegas has been inundated with Brazilian Steakhouses over the past few years.  I have been to them all...I had a soft spot for excessive amounts of meat for a while.  There are only two in Vegas worth attending...and Fogo de Chao is certainly one of them.  There are better steaks in town for the price, but nowhere near better all-you-can-eat.  In fact the discrepancy  between price, quality, and value favors the Elite Brazilian Steakhouses here.  There is a wonderful mathematical formula that proves this, but I didn't want to come off "all Elitist" on you...so trust me on this one!  

I have a problem picking an outright favorite, but I love Fogo for there class, and attention to detail.  They do not have the largest salad bar...they do not even have the largest selection of meats, but they are the most consistent across the board for quality and execution.  Additionally, the service at Fogo is a step above the rest.

When in Rome, order some Roman drink...at Fogo go with a Caipirinha to start or finish your meal.   The other option...a bottle of Malbec!   Malbec has a good price-point in general, and Fogo has some great Malbecs...the result is a great bottle that drinks like a bottle 2x the price.
The 13 caipirinhas drink menu is one of a kind. Made with real fruit (unlike some competitors who use fruit concentrate) and flair. The food is typical brazilian with over 15 types of meats. The salad bar is fair at best but when the meat is all-you-can-eat who cares? The staff is very friendly and always stops by with a good story or joke. I love going here for a special occasion!
When it comes to Brazilian Steak houses in the USA you get what you pay for...in the case of Fogo de Chao, you pay a lot. Having a Brazilian wife and having lived in Rio for two years, I feel I have a good idea of what it's all about.

While the salad bar is subpar...who the hell comes here for the salad anyway? It is the meat we seek and the meat was excellent, all the standard popular cuts, sirlon, fillett, skirt steak, pork, bacon wrapped fillet, chicken, sasuage...well you get my drift. All perfectly seasoned and with a side of the baked bananas in brown sugar.For dessert, stop at the first item on the menu, Crema de Papaya! OMG good!

The Manager came out to say hello, he is from Minas Gerias, and told us that they were opening two new stores, one near our home in San Francisco, the other in San Diego. Surely a special treat, but were better to treat yourselves than in Las Vegas?
This place was a pleasant surprise. I tend to shy away from Brazillian steakhouses for one main reason; I am extremely fussy about my cuts of meat. It is undoubtedly from my childhood, where my parents would by cheap, fatty/gristly cuts of meat, and make me so there until I cleaned my plate. So I developed such an aversion to fatty/gristly meat, that even as an adult, my gag reflex kicks in when I bite into a piece of meat, and am met with any kind of resistance. (OK, I am fully aware that this is an awful way to start a review of a steakhouse, but bear with me;)
So given this parameter, I've probably only been to 2 of these meat-palaces in my entire adult life, (up until now) and neither was a good experience, so I just wrote them off as not-my-thing.
So, last week, a business associate gave my wife a $100 gift card to Fogo, and we decided one night, what the heck, it's free, so we went, not expecting much at all.
First, we got there early, probably around 5-ish on a week night, so there was no crowd, and no wait. Upon walking in, the hostess was very polite, attentive, and professional. We were seated quickly, interacting with a few different people, server, water guy, bread guy, drink lady, etc...and every one of them was more professional than the last. Just a top notch staff, which is becoming increasingly rare these days.
Upon looking around, I noticed that the venue was huge, featuring 2-3 private dining rooms in addition to the main room that we were in. The next thing I noticed was that the whole place was immaculately clean, and tastefully decorated in warm woods. Somebody spent a fortune on this interior, most notably, the decorative use of wood in the ceiling treatment. Really pretty, and gave the room a friendly, inviting feel.
It was explained to us that we could go enjoy the salad bar at our leisure, and when we were ready for meat service to start, simply flip our indicator over from the red side, to the green side, which will indicate to the servers to start bringing over meat to sample.
We started with the salad bar, and I'm about to make a bold statement, but I dare say that this could be the best salad bar in all of Las Vegas. A large, classy, 4-sided bar, featuring an incredible assortment of very high-quality foods, creatively and tastefully displayed and prepared. I literally could have made this my entire meal, and did indeed contemplate it given my weird meat phobia, but decided When-in-Rome, and flipped my card to green, so beginning the meat service.
There were probably 10-12 meat choices in all, and I'll admit that my choices were very conservative. I stuck mainly to lean beef choices like sirloin, 2 different types of filet, and a lean, center cut of ribeye. I carefully asked for very thin slices, and admittedly trimmed the fatty edges off, as I am programmed to do. But I must say, I ate a lot of meat that night, and everything I ate was flavorful, tender, juicy, and delicious. I cautiously avoided the lamb, sausage, and most other cuts that were foreign to me, but absolutely loved everything I ate.
We didn't order dessert, but they brought us a complimentary flan anyway, which was so creamy, we ate the whole thing.
I absolutely loved this place. I never would have come here if someone hadn't handed me a gift card, and now I'll certainly be back, so that was clever and effective marketing on someone's part.
Kudos.
Went back recently and have to say their meats were very good.  I can't get enough of their picanha.  It's heavenly.
Had their guarana.  Had their all you can eat meat.  Price was expensive.  I wanst impressed at all.  My only reason for going back would be to......oh wait, probably wont be going back.
Number 1 tip:  Come here starving - not hungry.

For those of you that have never been to a Brazilian steak house.  It is an all you can eat steak / meat place, where the servers come around with various cuts of meats on large swords.  The meats range from filet mignon wrapped in bacon to chicken and cheese and everything in between.
 
You must try the Brazilian cheese breads.  They are chewy and very cheesy.  They also fried plantains - which makes a good side, the sweetness will cut through the saltiness and richness of the meats.  I wish they would also serve the fried cassava / yucca - which can be found all the competitors.
 
They also have a full salad bar, with an abundance of meats, cheeses, pastas, and veggies.  A must for me here - the smoked salmon.

Please note that dessert is not included the meal - that's if you even have room for it.
My company had their Christmas party here this year and I must say it was delicious! Everything from the bananas to the meat was cooked well. The salad bar was nice too plus I had the cheesecake for dessert and I was expecting a standard size slice NO it was huge. Yummy! It's was my fist time going to a steakhouse like this and I would go again. The reason I only gave 4 stars is because when you walk into the bathroom it smells like sewer Bad!
The s/o and I have been to several Brazillian steakhouses, including Texas de Brazil, Pampas and a few located in the San Francisco Bay Area.  I've heard of Fogo de Chao for several years, but there was never a convenient location until I realized there's now a location in Vegas so, we had to check it out.

Very typical setup as the other steakhouses we've been to, as it features a buffet of various salads, cheese, cured meats, and a few hot items such as rice, potatoes and vegetables.  They also serve you a plate of plantains, fried polenta and mashed potatoes...the instant kind, not real mashed potatoes, for the price you'd pay you'd think they wouldn't skimp on quality.  The saving grace was their cheese bread, it was seriously the BEST cheese bread from a Brazillian steakhouse we've had!  What nice is that they'll refill it with a piping hot batch on request.

They had a variety of about a dozen or so meats, varying from the traditional Picanha (Top Sirloin), Filet Mignon, Rib Eye, Pork Ribs, Sausage, Chicken wrapped in Bacon, and other cuts of Sirloins.  They also had a Rib of Beef, which is served cut from a cutting board but you have to specifically request it as it's not an item that they walk from table to table.   First off, avoid the sausage and even the chicken, you can eat that anytime, anywhere.  If all you eat is the Rib of Beef, do it, it's the only super darn delcious cut of meat they offer!  With that said, yeah, the cuts of the various beef were lacking in flavor, I almost wanted to ask for steak sauce.  Unlike other Brazillian steakhouses we've been to, FdC did not serve Grilled Pineapple...if you haven't had it, you're seriously missing out, it just makes you enjoy the various meats even more.

My biggest gripe about FdC was the ambiance.  It was a nice, typical white linen type of steakhouse.  However, although I do understand the "meat guys" as I call them are running around from table to table, there were just way too many wait staff walking around.  It made the dining experience slightly unnerving that you'd get bumped into (which I did), get something spilled on you (almost happened, but observed it happening on the dining room floor, twice) and just sheer pandamonium.  It seriously was like a sea of people dressed in white shirts running around like chickens without heads.  We've never experienced that at any Brazillian steakhouse we've been to.  There was even a guy pushing a cart of liquor from table to table, which added to the chaos.

When we got our check, we skipped using the plastic, left cash instead and seriously beelined out of there.  Sorry, can't say we'll be back.
If there was an option for a sixth star Fogo de Chao would receive it. They are five shining stars on every level. From food, to service, to ambiance they really take the cake in the "eat all the meat you can" category. Without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants I've ever been to. 

For starters, they have one of the most beautifully displayed salad bars I've ever seen. If I didn't know you could eat 17 pounds of finely grilled meats I would probably just eat the salad bar and call it a day. But because of the meats, that's just something I cannot commit to. Great salad, awesome toppers, dressings are very good. You even have the option of getting prosciutto, bacon, and fresh bread.

But you're reading this review not because you are a vegetarian, you're reading it because the carnivorous instincts have taken control of your palate. Well fear not my friend, you have made a wise choice in considering Fogo de Chao to be your last meal (you see, it may be your last meal because you quite possibly could keel over after the amount of food you are about to consume). They have somewhere around 14 different cuts of meat. There are options of pork, chicken, and lamb. The pork is exceptionally tender and juicy. My favorite cut of meat that they have is the Filet Mignon and the House Cut. Both are extremely tender and juicy, full of flavor, and cooked to whatever preference you have (anything but medium rare or rare is just a travesty in my opinion though). The side dishes you get for "fillers" are really good. My two favorites are the garlic mashed potatoes and the cheese bread/rolls you receive when you first sit down (save room, you may eat a bakers dozen). 

Here's one tip though, take your time. You control your meat destiny with a little card that can be flipped green, meaning you want more meat, or red, meaning you are enjoying what you currently have. First time I went here I was on green-time the whole time and my plate was a meat extravaganza. I was overwhelmed with beef. The next time I smartened up and enjoyed my favorite cuts and took my time. A much more enjoyable experience for a seasoned Fogo veteran.

Meat! Meat! Meat!
ive been to fogo and texas de brazil. Fogo de chao blows texas out of the water. everything is seasoned very well without being overly salty (which texas de brazil fails at) the only thing that lacks is the salad/hot food bar. though i could care less about salad. i was there for the delicious meat. my favorite was the lamb. the service was also very good. i had my coaster flipped to green and the servers kept coming by so fast ididnt even have time to eat my meats. i had to pause the service just so i can enjoy my lamb. definitely recommend this Brazilian steak house over texas de brazil.
My first time at a Brazilian Rodizio restaurant.  My family all enjoyed the variety of meats.  I enjoyed the pork ribs, beef ribs, lamb chops and riblets most.  Some meats are tastier and softer than others.  Noticed that all the meats are lightly seasoned so had to add salt and pepper.  Overall a good experience, might go back, but now that I've had it once I'm ready to move on.
Awsome
I hate going to a great restaurant and only being able to have one of the many enticing meal options.  However, I hate most buffets as well.  Fogo de Chao is an amazing balance.  Starting with what can only be described as "bread balls", these golf ball sized delicacies were a delicious bread course.  You then hit the salad bar and load up on a variety of items not seen on regular salad bars.

When you are ready, you flip a red coaster over to the green side, and miraculously a variety of skewer grilled meats will start visiting your table.  Take a whole steak or lamb or chicken piece, or just have a slice off of what they are offering.  Or not.

The meat kept coming and I kept accepting.  Succulent and tender, beautifully flavoured, cooked to perfection--you couldn't have an empty plate for more than 30 seconds before a highly attentive server would be there to load you up.  After about 20 visits, I was ready to pass on desert, nearly 2 wonderful hours later.  If I was in a hurry, I could have been out in 30 minutes, but why rush ecstasy?

Side dishes included a dish of creamy garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and a third item I forgot.

Make sure you order the drink made with cane liqueur, but pace yourself--they can sneak up on you!
If you have never experienced Brazilian style eating THIS IS THE PLACE. even if you have ITS A MUST IN LAS VEGAS. 

great food great service and lots of BACON  BACON damn it how can it not be great with lots of BACON !!

BTW Try the BACON
You will wonder why you've ever eaten anywhere else
I had never been to a Brazillian Restaurant and I must say they are definetly carniverous!  First we started off to the salad bar and the smoked salmon was fantastic!!! They had a salad dressing that was green, I believe it was cesar with cilantro it was absolutely delish!!!  Now at your table you have a coaster, one side is red and one side is green.  When you flip it over to green watch out cause they will be coming at you with all cuts of beef, chicken, sausage, pork, lamb... oh my!  It was very tasty... was TRYING to try everything but it might be impossible for some.  So I had to flip my coaster back over to red!!!  You are also brought sides to go with your carniverous plate... we were served fried polenta, mash potatoes, fried bananas.  You can also opt to go back to the salad bar where they have fried red potoates, rice and black beans.  All in all was a delicous experience.  I know you might ask how was the desert??? and  yes we did do deserts.  We shared the creme brulee, oh my so light and tasty, the chocolate molten lave cake ala mode another fav at our table.  You may not have to eat for 2 days after you've been here!!! This place is great fun for a larger parties!
Always great food and great service.
Being a 20yr Executive Chef,  let's start off by saying every dish is meticulously prepared using the finest ingredients. I was especially impressed with the cold bar. 

I've tried many of the Brazil grills here and by far,  this Restaurant surprisingly out shines them all by a mile. 

My tip would be, pace yourself at the cold bar no matter how great it is. I always tend to fill up before I flip my card to start my meats rolling in. They will come quickly so to keep the meats hot, flip the card over to stop and eat.
Went here for dinner with my husbands family for Christmas, the best part was the bread and the chicken wrapped in bacon. Delicious. My biggest problem was that the meats were so unbelievably salty! My eight year old who loves her steak couldn't stomach it. Personally I feel as though they over salt so that it makes you thirsty, therefore your constantly having to drink and getting full off the liquid vs the meat. Way overpriced unless your seriously going slam down a ton of meat helpings. It's a cool experience but nothing I'd go back to again. If I'm going to spend money on a delicious steak I'm going to del friscos.
Red means stop and Green means go.  If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, this is a good place to go.  Although it's a "chain restaurant" and I'm not to big into chains, it is still worth it!  Great meat and very well prepared.  DO NOT load up on the salad.  Save room for the meat.  Get your money's worth from eating meat.  Although the chicken was a bit dry, I loved the garlic steak and lamb.
I cannot say enough how much i LOVE this place! My boyfriend and I were out looking for a nice quiet dinner. We contemplated going to one of the many restaurants on the strip but chose against it. We saw Fogo de cho had good reviews and decided to give it a try. At first when i walked in i was skeptical seeing the salad bar, but our waitress was very nice and welcoming telling us of their concept and that we would definitely like it so we stayed. And i am sooo glad we did! The cheese bread the bring out is delicious! The salad bar was amazing, it had salmon, goat cheese and various other items to make your own anti pasto platter. Our server told us to go easy on the salad bar as there was a lot of meat to select from. We had some cocktails and wine and when we flipped over the card to green immediately we were offered one after the other the meat selections which were delicious. They also brought out for us some mashed potatoes, parmesan fried, and deep fried bananas to cleanse the palate. Our server was very attentive and kept coming back to check on us. The creme brule was delicious. I have eaten in many upscale restaurants but this place is a true gem. Excellent food and outstanding service!!
We came here over the Super Bowl weekend. We've been to Texas De Brazil where we really enjoyed everything they had so we decided to try this place. We did not like it. The guys with the meat came by way too often as if their intentions were to get us full as quickly as possible. This was not about good service. Our bill was over 600 and we left there feeling so unsatisfied with just about everything. Some meats were tasty but overall the rest were whatever...we won't be coming back.
We have eaten at this restaurant twice in three days. If that doesn't say enough. At $50 a plate not including drinks and dessert we have found this to be the meat lovers paradise.
Now that we have been here twice and we have found that you to eat very small portions at the beginning to figure out what meats you like then request the exact meat you want.
For dinner we take a taxi to Fogo De Chao.  The pasta bar is nice but the special apps they serve at your table are even better.  There are some seriously yummy crispy polenta wedges and Brazilian cheese balls.  I continuously remind myself to limit my consumption of these items and hold out for the all-u-can-eat "meat fest".  

The winning cuts are the rib-eye (juicy and the best cut of the night), the pork ribs (not charred or smoky enough, over-seasoned and too salty for my palate) and the sausage (very juicy and perfectly cooked).  The chicken and lamb were decent but a bit overcooked and not moist enough.  I really wish that SKIRT STEAK was on their menu.  Skirt steak is a meat that is difficult to overcook which work well in this type of grilling environment.  Their flan is amazing and makes my list of my top five flans of all time.  

The servers are the best we've had at this type of steakhouse.  When we turn down a particular meat each server repeatedly asks what cut of meat we're waiting for and they promptly deliver it to our table.  Additionally, there are a TON of servers so your meal will not be a long one.  As a result, do not expect a relaxing and drawn out buffet type experience where YOU control the pace.  You know the restaurant's end goal is to get you in and out quicker.  I suppose everyone does win since you eat the cuts of meat you prefer versus getting impatient and settling on cuts which aren't your faves.  

Next time I will show more patience and wait for a particular meat with the particular doneness I am seeking.  Also, we will wait it out and take a break so we don't miss out on anything.  We aren't amateurs to this type of steakhouse but I do feel we filled up early on this particular occasion.
I think the sky opened and angels appeared.... Food was AMAZING, but I will be reviewing service.

We had my husband's 40th birthday party here, for lunch. I made reservations online, requesting near the salad bar due to a wheelchair. They allowed for balloons and decorations. The staff were very nice and attentive. They also offered a free dessert for his birthday.

We had a party of 6. So they did add a 18% gratuity onto the check. The bill was $243 and change, I left $250. So worth it!

2 hours later, lots of photos, laughter, meat and iced tea my Dad tried to walk into the 
"meat" room as we were leaving. Hysterical!  I would definitely have another party here.
My mouth is watering thinking about this place (I shouldn't write reviews when I'm hungry). 15 different sorts of meat, unlimited salad bar, yummy warm cheesy bread, and authentic Brazilian caipirinha = yum. 

I came here for date night and had a great time. Our server was really friendly and explained how the the steakhouse worked as far as meats and the salad bar. Each of the meat servers is actually a gaucho chef. I think our server said there were 18 of them. That means each of the gentlemen bringing you meat and carving it for you is actually the person preparing it as well. That was impressive and nice to know. 

As far as the food, some of the meats were hit or miss for me.  The sausage was just meh, the bottom sirloin was a bit salty, but the picanha, alcatra, and parmesan crusted pork loin were so delicious.  Most of the meats were juicy but had a perfect fire roasted char on the outside. YUM.

I know they have several areas they can convert to private rooms for functions or larger groups.  I talked to the service manager and he let me know there's no fee to rent a room and they can even split everyone's check individually in a party.  I'm definitely thinking about doing my graduation party here with my family and friends!
What a great meal. What a great time. Everything was beyond excellent. Our waiter, Christian made our experience over the top perfect.  The only disappointment was when i was full and had to stop eating.
Excellent customer service, wonderful and consistent food every time we come here. Definitely the best Brazilian style steakhouse in Las Vegas.
This night is super busy! Enough meat Togo around though!
The hubby and I came here for lunch during the week.  I can not say enough good things about the food here!! The salad bar has great options, the meats are cooked perfectly and are salty, the sides that come to the table are incredible, and the coffee has to be one of the best  we have had in a restaurant.  The staff is friendly and we were seated right away. I'm thinking that if you go during the weekend that may be a wait since it is not too far from the Strip.  Can't wait to come here again!!
This place is indulgence.  We came for Restaurant Week, could have stayed the rest of my life.  The service was fantastic.  Friendly, very speedy and casual.  I didn't feel like I was in some pretentious joint and could relax and have a good time with my friends.  Even so the atmosphere is completely classy and is an easy choice for a meat-eater's date.  

The food was excellent.  The salad bar was extensive with cheeses and veggie options. I did make the mistake of getting too much salad though... save yourself for the masterfully prepared meats!  The garlic steak was one of my favorites, along with the filet mignon.  Very juicy and tender, and perfectly seasoned.  The variety of meats and how they were seasoned and prepared was impressive as well.  The after thought makes my mouth water!  They always have two or three "how done" levels on the same serving of meat, and if they don't bring the level of doneness that you want they will immediately return to your table.

Come hungry, and leave over indulged!
One of my biggest regrets of moving out of Las Vegas was not eating at this place before I left!! The food here is amazing. The meats practically melt in your mouth and the owner, Ricki is especially nice and comes around to the tables making sure that everyone is enjoying themselves. He suggested I try Brazil's national drink, and although I was a bit wary of the price, I was NOT disappointed!! Even their salad bar is amazing. Do it. It's worth every penny. Dinner is around $50 per person but during their lunch hours you can get exactly the same thing for half the price. Do eeeiiit!!! Y.U.M.!
Fogo Vs. The guys from Texas?  I say its a close tie.  They both serve very similar heavenly cuts of meat.  They both offer a diverse salad bar and drink menu.  The price for lunch and dinner is slightly different, give or take a couple bucks.  Both places have exceptional customer service.  1 point for Fogo because they serve better tasting and cheesier cheese  bread.  1 point for Texas for their Lobster Bisque.  If I were to choose between the two, I guess I would say whoever thinks of offering free back rubs by beautiful brazilian woman first!  ...On second thought, we were offered free flan for dessert by our waiter.. Good enough!
There's something to be said when I don't have The Hunger for the rest of the day... 

Restaurant Week (RW) always seems to lure me to the places I would never go on any ordinary day, even though we did go on a Thursday. 

Salad bar with more selections I could remember, however I did have some lime-dressed-scallions/greens/tomatoes/something that blended well with the meats. 
Notably, the smoked salmon was a bit too salty for my liking. 

My favorite of the meats would be the parmesean pork and the lamb. I was never really a big fan of lamb, but this was soft and tender. 

Water was never empty, service was top notch and I will have to remind myself to fast for a few days before coming here again :)
I love churrasco, but Fogo do Chao was bad.  Maybe it is because I just came back from Rio Grande do Sul, the capital of delicious churrasco.  I am so surprised, the meats weren't salted and the flavor was so bland.  Out of the 15 meats I tasted, I only liked the rib eye which was very fatty.  That is strange to me, considering it is a churrascaria.  The bananas.... Oh... it was like eating slimmy slimmy ewww.  I made them before and they were bad, but this was really bad.  The cheese bread was the best thing I ate and it wasn't even the real thing!  How can you mess up cheese bread!?  The salad bar was decent, however the potato salad didn't have flavor.  I have to say, I am disappointed at the taste of the food from this place and won't be returning.  I love churrasco, born and raised in Brasil, this food just won't cut it, it's an embarrassment.   Also, the caipirinha was bad.  The way this bartender made it is not the way it's supposed to be.  Caipirinha are meant to be sweet and lemony, this was bitter (???!!!).  However, on the positive note, the service was great.  But I still left hungry :(
Decided to eat here today for lunch today with some friends that are locals.

The salad bar was very diverse, but a lot of the sides had strange flavors that did not blend well with the meats.  No soups either.

The meat was delicious!  The selection was very good as well.  Their website lists the choices pretty accurately.  The meat wasn't over flavored either.  

All in all, a good place to eat, but the sides need work.
The food, the service and the atmosphere are fabulous! You could make a meal of just the salad bar, but, where's the fun in that?! It's truly all about the meat!
If you're a carnivore this is the place for YOU! :D Meat Heaven.
For $49.50 you have access to unlimited salad bar and 16 different cuts of meat. Drinks are separate. Waiters come up to your table with chicken, lamb, flank steak, top sirloin, bottom sirloin, ribs etc. Try not to get full from the salad bar though.
It's great for a birthday dinner, anniversary, date or just because. You're guaranteed to leave full and satisfied! :)
Great service!
Finally, I get a chance to try the legendary Fogo de Chao. As far as Brazilian Steakhouse's go, this place is the best I have ever tried, and it thus earns an easy 5 stars from me. We came for lunch to maximize our value, and we came HUNGRY. Let's get to the reviewing!

The salad bar has mostly what you'd expect at such a place. A good selection of green leafy vegetables is what I recommend because it's healthy and keeps you from filling up too much before the good stuff. The cold mushrooms and asparagus are both decent options. They have those spicy little red peppers that I enjoy, as well as a decent selection of cheeses. 

The mashed potatoes side arrived shortly and wasn't extraordinary but decent. Once the meat began to arrive, it was pretty relentless. I loved the sirloin steak, medium or less. The Flank steak was surprisingly juicy and tasty as well. I love that they often offer multiple levels of cooked for the customers, and if you want something rare that they don't have, they will simply make some more for you promptly. You'll want to try the lamb steak but the lamb chop wasn't particularly impressive. I probably ate 3 orders of the signature fogo cut, which has just the right amount of pink throughout the cut. The garlic sirloin is also delectable, without being overly flavored. I went crazy for the rib eye just as I was reaching maximum fullness.

The service is very good here-- they seem to take their reputation seriously as the premier Brazillian BBQ in clark county and they treat you with respect and care. You won't find better in this town, and hence they get the 5 stars.
I have been to many Fogo de Chao so I know what to expect in terms of food. Same all over. Good quality. Good selection. What stunned me about this location is the customer service attitude. I ordered a bottle of 2009 Spanish wine. The waiter brought the 2010 bottle and tried to open before I mentioned the year difference. He then claimed that they ran out of the 2009 and it was the same taste. When I challenge his thinking and asked it was a different price he insisted that it has to be the same price and asked me to pick something else if I don't like that!!!!
That attitude in a good restaurant is a formula for disaster. Zero attention to customer service will make me not go there again. At least NO to that location.
Friendly service. Great food!
Came here twice and this place never let me down! 

We made a reservation on Open table at 8pm on a Tuesday night and surprisingly it was overbooked so we had to wait at the bar for about 30min. My boyfriend and I didn't really like that because that's the whole point of a reservation. But it is during the convention week and I think it means the food must be good! We sat at the bar and had their special drink Caipirinha. It was amazing and there, I wouldn't mind waiting :) 

Once we are seated, our server Sergio came right away to take our drink orders and explained how they "fogo" here. A little bit later, their manager Ricardo came and said hi. We are very happy at how friendly people here are. They have a salad bar in the center of the restaurant and it has pretty much everything, rice and beans, also lettuce, cucumber, tomato, mushrooms, celery,etc. you name it. As for the meat, my favorite is the lamb with mint jelly. All their other meats are amazing too! My boyfriend literally started to sweat from eating lol we are both on the edge of a meat coma after an hour here. 

They have a card on the table and you are flip them to indicate if you want more. The Green one is more and the red means no thank you. They will keep coming if it is green. The first thing that surprise me is that most of the workers there are from Brazil, managers and cooks. Another thing is that each  "meat server" is not just a server, they are actually the executive chefs and in charge of their own meat station. That's why they can tell how cooked the meat are and which kind you want! 

At the end of dinner, I am very positive I am pregnant with food baby! I think my boyfriend too he just wouldn't admit it lol We were so full that we couldn't even move! But wait, what's going on?! The manager brought us desert : their famous flan. It is amazing! The sweet thing is not just the flan but he actually had  "xie xie" written in chocolate on the plate for us! because I had mentioned I am from China when he came to the table the first time. My heart melted at that very moment. It is just not a business no more, not just a manager and customers relationship , but more personal and more like friends visiting each other now. I am truly impressed. 

Will I come back again? ABSOLUTELY!
Been to so many Brazilian Steakhouses and this one has to be one of the top on my list..

Came here for lunch with a group of friends.  I made reservations in advance (open table!).  Moment we sat down, server introduced and took our drink order.  We were asked if we had been here before.  We were shown the salad bar.  I love how each person would have their own little "More/Stop" meat service tab.  Most places would have just one tab for the table.  Very efficient.  Lets start with the salad bar, big selection.  Things that stood out to me was the cheese and salami treats.  I get suckered into that.  

We came as soon as they opened so I believe that most of the meat was still cooking, but once we came back from the salad bar.. It's on!  Endless meat and quite a selection.  I found their signature (picanha) was amazing; moist and tender packed with flavor.  Most Brazilian Steakhouses carry the same common meats, but Fogo had a parmesan pork loin (lamb).  I was in for a treat!  Sadly, I could not eat a lot.  The table also had additional side item such as caramelized banana and polenta.  It was across the table from me and I could not reach it.  We each got a dessert.  I went for the turtle cheesecake.  Suck when it comes to cheesecake.  I felt that I picked a solid choice.  When it arrived, lots of caramel.  Smothered it in, and as a nice display, a little orchid next to it.  Amazing! after my first bite.

The service of course was superb!  Most of the meat are well marinated and packed full of flavor of course made me thirsty.  I went through plenty of water, luckily our server was on top and made it endless for me.  I am amazed that they were able to provide such service even when the place was getting a lunch rush.  Lots of places fall short when it comes to the front house, but they got it down here!  The atmosphere here is a little dim, more of the "special occasion" type.  Not too loud.  Square and round tables available.  Nice little display on the way in (Rack of meat on a fire pit).  

Def will come back.  I just have to build up a better appitite for next time.
What a great place. We went late on a Saturday night and got seated right away. The waiter was attentive and quick, our water glasses were always full and we always had fresh bread and sides.

The buffet portion of the meal was lovely, with lots of fresh salad ingredients, cheeses, and interesting items like asparagus and fresh mozzarella. The cheesey rolls they bring to your table are like crack for your tastebuds--you just can't stop eating them. 

Then of course, the main event: The Meat. Waiters come to your table offering whatever they have on their skewers and everything we tried was fabulous from filet mignon to New York strip to lamb and pork ribs. Every bite was heavenly and we ate until we couldn't move.

There's nothing truly unique or fancy, but if you like quality meat, in massive quantities, for one set price, with lots of side dishes, this place is for you!
My husband and I chose Fogo for dinner last Thursday night.  It was simply amazing.  I love fresh vegetables so I really couldn't stop at the salad bar.  The beets and asparagus were mouth watering.    We tried all the meats they offer.  They were all so yummy and juicey.  We enjoyed the mash potatoes, bananas and polenta.  The  service was amazing!  Can't wait for them to open their new location in the Gaslamp this summer!
I have to say I kinda liked this place.  I have been to three of these places in Las Vegas and Fogo is definitely in the top class area for this type of eatery.

1.  Reception - I have to give this 1 star. We had reservations for 6:00 pm and she greeted us very coldly.  Then they seated us at a table closest to the kitchen and bathroom where traffic, noise and disruption was very high.  This and the restaurant was about 85% empty at this time. Not sure what the person was attempting to achieve, however the impact was of great disappointment.  1 Star.

2.  Service - The best part was the team service.  Everyone we met worked well together and they were so professional.  We even asked if it was possible to move from where we seated and they told us that we could sit wherever we were most comfortable.  Each person was high on attention, doing whatever it takes, and even going out of their way to bring the type of meat we wanted.  That is customer service - 5 Star.

3. The food - I really like their extensive salad and appetizer bar.  All sorts of veggies, fish, deli meats.  Pickled stuff, breaded stuff, all sorts of STUFF.  IT is great and just don't get too stuffed on eating this great display of wonderful tidbits.  4 star.

4.  The meat - Using the red and green coaster to signal if you want meat or not is traditional in a Brazilian Steakhouse. Works to perfection here. We really enjoyed:
- The BBQ Port Ribs
- Filet Mignon
- Flank Steak
- Lamb
- Prime Rib

There are over 30 types of meat they serve and some specials. This is 5 Star.

5.  The price - Not bad, a bit expensive, but you do get a ton of food. Just about 45+ for the full meal and 25.00 + for just the salad bar. Just pace yourself!  4 Star

6.  Dress Code -  I believe that they want you to be smart casual. YOu will see every form of dress code here from chic smart dressy to raggedy shorts.  Just be yourself.

GK says, check it out for sure.
"Reservations recommended"...

i was thoroughly impressed with Fogo De Chao. For a place that is basically a buffet with servers bringing you meats to the table.. the operation is well executed. I am no stranger to this style of service as I grew up with a restaurant of this type nearby in California. 

This particular situation was just great all around. Great service, nice salad bar with great items and condiments for your meal, and of course the never ending supply of meats hot from the kitchen.  Steaks, ribs, pork-chops, pork loin.. just a great selection. All perfectly cooked and served piping hot. 

It is around $50 a person, but worth every dollar I believe. IF you get  a chance, I say give it a go! Happy Eating!
hate this place.  Manager was an a-hole.  Wanted to charge us a $45 dollar cork charge and didnt even want to work with us. We had a party of 6.  Oh well, his loss.  We went next store and spent over $600.  Great job moron. Steps over a dollar ti pick up a dime.  Pennywise and dollar foolish!
Looking foward to our guys night out at Fogo. Found the staff to  pompous and rude. Went to go sit down and asked about their corkage fee it was $45 per bottle. When we asked to speak to a manager to see if this is true, due to the large amount that was quoted , we were met with a rude reply. So the six of us just got up and went next door. Their neighbor was more than happy to accommodate us in only charge us $15 for a corkage fee. Don't get me wrong  I don't mind paying a little more for corkage fee at a nice restaurant, but really it's just a glorified buffet. The sad part is we probably would have dropped about $600 that night. Maybe we'll go to Texas de Brazil next time .
Too much meat and the salad bar was ok.  You have to ask for the chimichury (sp) and habanero sauces or you'll just be eating meat with a BBQ flavor.  It sounds good but you need to add something or you'll just be eating grilled beef, chicken or pork.

The beef was good and cooked well but the white meats were dry and lacked flavor.  I'm a typical guy who loves steak and prime rib but this was too much.  I was beefed out within 15 mins.  Go if you like eating nothing but meat and stay away if you get bored of it easily.
Ohhhh the bread, that's to die for. Obviously you have to go there when you are hungry and you are meat eater (though salad bar is extensive and very fresh). 

Service was great, waiters don't always speak good English but this is Vegas. 

I do wish the front reception would remain in place longer, we wanted a cab but there was no one at front or bar section and had to take a limo instead.
Best
Salad-bar
Ever...

My wife doesn't eat meat, and walked away from this place full, happy and content. She liked the smoked salmon, the fresh black beans and the veggies and salads available. 

Meats are cooked to perfection and the servers know what they're hauling around. The manager came to our table and talked with us for a while about what they do there and what they're trying to go for. 

I've been here twice on business trips and as a non-regular meat eater (former vegetarian) I will come here again... which usually means having a month's worth of animal products in a few hours. 

FYI, they don't rush you... which is good. Great Brazilian attitude. Come in, sit down, graze, drink and socialize. This is not a place to come before a movie or to grab a quick bite.
This is my favorite restaurant in the world.  14 Different meats! Each meat cooked to your preference all on the same "sword?".  The service is very efficient and quite speedy. Their salad bar is awesome and very fresh.  Each meat I've had there (and I've had them all) is always delectable and prepared to perfection.  I can not recommend this place enough!! I tell all of my clients to try this place and they have all loved it!  Thank you Fogo for all the great experiences and for always taking care of my clients!!  WE WILL ALWAYS BE BACK!!
Attended dinner meeting in a private room. Beautifully renovated interior. Excellent ambiance, service and attention to detail. Quality salad bar selections and savory skewered steak. Great for personal and business, but go there hungry.
A bit pricey, but great food.
U have to try this place.  The food is really good and the staff or nice and humble.  Came to this place on my anniversary with my partner.  So delicious!
I know there are a lot of reviews on yelp that Fogo to choa is better than Texas de Brazil, but the fact is Texas de Brazil still gets five stars. The salad bar at Fogo to choa was great, the food is fresh, the steak is juicy and wonderful, and the service is amazing, however it still isn't Texas de Brazil. Texas de Brazil Has way better cheese bread,and the steak is more salty and juicy. The salad bar at Fogo to choa again is fresh and has lots of options, however doesn't have the flavor of Texas De brazil, it is missing the grape salad  and other cold salads, the dressings aren't as good either. All this being said this Resteraunt is still amazing and I would still go again. I enjoyed the ambiance and since I went for Mother's Day the management gave a gift to all mothers of three free meals (dinner or lunch )! Very nice touch. This Resteraunt is definitely worth trying. But for the money TDB can't be beat!
Ohhh Brazilian food is the BEST!!!! You have to try this place - many locations around the US!  The food is amazing and the staff really nice.  
So delicious!!!
I had the pleasure of going here this past Sunday night and it was a delight. I'd been to restaurant of this style before and I must say it was just as good, if not better. 
The food was prepared very nicely and the staff was trendy yet professional. 
I will definitely return again!
I had the pleasure of being treated to dinner here last Saturday.  This place is AWESOME!! The food was fantastic! The salad bar had a variety of healthy items to eat but you don't want to eat too much especially if you are a meat eater!  After salad, here comes servers with all different types of meat. Beef, Pork, Lamb, Chicken and Sausages! HEAVEN!!!! The meat melts in your mouth and the flavor is to die for!! I highly recommend this place, it's a bit pricey but soooo very good!
We just recently went because my brother was married in Vegas and it was awesome. I really enjoyed the food and if you like strong drink they have there house specials and believe me its wroth the money. They are pricey but you get to enjoy ton's of different meats and you leave super full and satisfied... also service was great!!
Quite possibly the best Brazilian steakhouse in Vegas. The service is great, the meat comes in a wide variety, from sirloin to filet mignon, from lamb chops to lab of lamb, it truly is a carnivores paradise.
First time I went there, I was in awe at the selection; soo many choices! Second time I went there, I tried the salad bar, and wow is it nice!
 However, my problem with the place came with my third visit...the bartender didn't seem competent at his job and made my friend and her mom and dad some terrible tasting Caipirinhas (three different ones). Via Brazil wins in this category. 
Overall, fogo is excellent, will most definitely come back...but I won't be ordering a Caipirinha if that same bartender is there (or hasn't learned how to make drinks properly).
This is the third Brazilian steakhouse restaurant that my husband and I have tried and it is the best thus far.  The service was great.  They servers were very observant.  At the other Brazilian steakhouse restaurants, I found the chicken and pork to be really salty, but here it was just right.  All the meats were perfect and would melt in your mouth.  I don't normally like lamb, but here it was quite tasty.  They had a good selection on wine.  It was our anniversary when we came here and I had put that note under the reservation online and when we ordered dessert they had written Happy Anniversary on the plate.  We've never had another place do that for us before and it's the little things that count.  It was a great experience with great food.
Like meat? Then yes, indeed, you will like Fogo De Chao. 

I was a little surprised when we arrived at the Las Vegas Fogo De Chao, as it was almost 8 PM on a Friday night and the parking lot was more than half empty. I had been thinking for a long time, that Las Vegas really needed a Fogo De Chao, but apparently not everyone agrees, as the restaurant itself was only half full. Is this because of the cost of dining here, or perhaps there are so many good dining choices in Las Vegas including several other excellent churrascarias? I don't know, but it was not because the food was not excellent because it was. 

Having been to the Chicago and Beverly Hills locations, I knew what to expect, and I was not disappointed, the cuts of meat were as delicious as at their other locations, the caipirinha were perfectly prepared. My favorite cut, the sirloin cap picanha was superb, I think I had 6 or 8 servings of this. The lamb chops were divine, bacon wrapped filet and chicken yummy, various other cuts of sirloin, rib eye, filet all outstanding. Service was good on this visit, but not great, we did at one point have to wait for a second round of drinks. 

What else can you say, but an endless delivery of the freshest tastiest meat cuts, prepared exactly as you wish them, cut for you off the skewer by the gaucho servers, it doesn't get any better than this. One tip, you can overdo the salad bar, which is very good, and short yourself some space to fit MORE MEAT, so go easy on the front end. 

Recommended, for those with no dinner budget ( base cost per person for the dinner buffet is now $49.50 plus tax, tip and drinks) and a taste for all things cow, pig lamb and chicken!
Best salad bar ever. Everything is fresh and crisp. The smoked salmon is great along with the cheeses and prosciutto are so good! The meat is always great. My favorite are the house special and the filet mignon. The service was on point. We took our 3 young children and they didn't even charge us. That was really nice because they eat like birds! I have been to the Beverly Hills location and its always packed. This location was not packed at all! Maybe because its off the strip and there are so many restaurants in the hotels. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fine dining and excellent service and short wait to be seated.
This is a Vegas staple for my friends and I! We always go to Fogo for lunch before we leave Vegas. Their lunch and prices can't be beat.
The service is impeccable and the quality is superb! I only eat from the salad bar and that alone is worth the cost! My bf and friends always gorge themselves on the 16 types of meat ohing and ahing the whole time. I love the fried polenta and cheese balls that comes with the meal too! 
If you can't afford the dinner price definitely go for lunch it's all the same thing for almost 1/2 the dinner price!
If you love meat, this is the place for you! Other foods? Not so much. Service was AMAZING!
Okay I wanted to take my girlfriend out to a nice dinner and she's Brazilian so I figured "why not?" We arrived on a Friday night around 9:30 for our 9:45 reservation. It looked pretty busy so I think the reservation was a good idea. It saved us about a 30 minute wait time. The hostess was awesome and very patient when explaining the serving process. Which is pretty interesting if you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, but I won't spoil it!

We started with the salad which I had a heard from others that they could be better but I wasn't there for the salad anyway so I didn't pay to much attention to it but It was tasty. Then it was time for the real deal, the meats. My girlfriend said it reminded her of her grandfathers cooking! That's when I knew it was authentic Brazilian. I was speechless the flavors the tenderness and the juiciness of the meat was INCREDIBLE! My girlfriend was also super excited about the Guarana which is her all time favorite soda from Brazil! 

She still wanted one more test. When one of the gauchos came to our table she asked him what meat it was in Portuguese and HE RESPONDED!!! I don't think they all speak Portuguese but the fact that one did told us that they really did bring the culture and the authenticity to the table. The food was amazing and the service was impressive. Definitely going back! This is as Brazilian as Vegas gets!
Great food, great meats! Love the passion fruit Caiparinha!
Love... Love... Love... this place! The food is awesome as always but the service is amazing and that's what will bring us back again. The price is also cheaper than the one in LA ($26-27 vs. $34-35 for lunch). The servers are very attentive, the side dishes are replenished constantly without being requested so we could have it fresh and hot all the time. The waiter even put on my bracelet for me without being asked after seeing me struggled a little trying to put it on myself. He also picked up and return the money that I dropped on the floor. Awesome place to be and .... oh I forgot about dessert, the flan is like giving you an orgasm in your mouth!!! And the best part was getting a tour to the back kitchen to see behind the scene action of the meat skewers mingle with the fire. Definitely coming back here on our next trip to Vegas!!!
The food is awesome as always but the service is amazing and that's what will bring us back again. The price is GREAT!!! The servers are very attentive, the side dishes are replenished constantly without being requested so we could have it fresh and hot all the time.  The chocolate cake is the best. Definitely going back. The best Brazilian grill in town.
Love it. My favorite in Vegas
Absolutely the best, doesn't get any better.  Salad bar is wonderful but you need to save as much room for the rest that you can.  Forget death by chocolate this is death by meat haven't found anything that isn't worth the visit.  The green light is on...
come hungry!!
My fiance, friend, and I came here on 04/25/2013 for a fundraising dinner benefiting Junior Achievement of Las Vegas. The experience and service was wonderful.

I really enjoyed the traditional Brazilian side dishes. Especially the Po de Queijo (warm cheese bread), crispy hot polenta (basically polenta fries), and caramelized bananas. Their salad bar is wonderful! I enjoyed some aged Manchego cheese, Prosciutto, Artichoke Hearts, Smoked Salmon, Italian Salami, Asparagus, broccoli, etc. We tried almost all the different cuts of meat they offer. The Picanha (their signature steak, prime cut of top sirloin. ), Filet Mignon, Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon, Linguica (sausage), Lombo (pork loin), Costela de Porco (pork ribs), Cordeiro (lamb chop), Alcatra (special cut of top sirloin), and Frango (chicken) wrapped in Bacon. For dessert, I got their Signature Papaya Cream.

I'm assuming because they were busy and overwhelmed, I was passed frequently even with the green side showing on my card. I had to flag down our server a couple times to ask him to bring specific cuts that we wanted. Gratefully, our server was awesome and very attentive. Anyway, I didn't really enjoy any of the cuts. Some were cooked more to my liking (medium rare to rare), but I received a lot of overdone and dry cuts (especially the chicken, blah) and the filet wrapped in bacon was disappointingly overdone as well. I know it's not made-to-order and "buffet" style, but I didn't enjoy the meat as much as I feel I should have and the green/red card was useless!
The service was great and so was the food.  I especially liked that every meat was offered from rare to well done.  The seasoning was just right and all the meats i tried were nice and juicy.  As for the salad bar, no complaints here but I only tasted a few things.  The Fogo Caipirinha was delicious!! Make sure to come hungry.
I don't give many places 5 stars, but this place is very well deserving. Great food and service. Very friendly staff. The salad bar was nothing short of amazing and all meats are cooked to perfection.
I went here the last night of a work convention before I flew home that evening. I pretty much avoid chain restaurants at all costs, unless it is a place like this. This restaurant is fantastic. This is definitely not a place for vegetarian's and vegans (you're missing out, btw).  

I really enjoy how they keep this place authentic as much as possible. The side dishes like the polenta fries are awesome. The salad bar is great. The meats are decadent and cooked to perfection. You will definitely never leave this place starving.

Service is great and VERY attentive. Your plate and glass will never be empty.
amazing
This place is delicious. The staff is very attentive you will never go without a drink or food they pretty much all wait on you hand and foot.
So on a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I were trying to decide where to eat.  The cabby mentioned this place, which I have heard of before.  What I have heard is the food is very good.  Needless to say, we chose to eat here.

The place has an upscale look and feel as you enter.  We were greeted immediately and taken to a table.  The place was pretty busy for a Saturday night.  When the waiter came, we all ordered the standard bbq that comes out on large scewers.

After ordering, we went to a large buffet style area that offered tons of sides and compliments to the meat that was soon to come out.  Within a few minutes of getting back to the table, food begins to arrive.  Tons of great steaks and chicken.  All were delicious and they never sowed down on bringing itout until you flipped your card from green to red.

So for dinner and one mixed drink, it was $75 per person (including tip).  Well worth the price for what we got.  If you like the brazillian bbq type of eating or are curious to try it, be sure to come here and give it a try.  A+
Jonathan recommended we eat at this joint, back in late January 2013. Little did I know he was making reservations for a Brazilian Restaurant. I say that because I have never been to one and my first visit would be at one of the finer places to eat at on the restaurant chain. Jonathan, Mike & I casually strolled up to their salad bar-1st thing to do after being seated. We didn't get too much since we knew the main attraction would be coming at us, at our table, in waves-juicy morsels of meat....!!! I always asked for the medium/rare cuts and was well accommodated. The setting was good, table service was impeccable, and having somebody come by to explain what was going to happen and did happen made the experience that much more enjoyable. I will be back to this particular restaurant since it has been established as my pinnacle of Brazilian fine food dining. Thanks Jonathan!
Pricey but worth every last dollar. Absolutely delicious. If you ever want to splurge a little on a night out, this is definitely a recommendation.

Carnivore's paradise, and unlike other AYCE experiences, the food is all top quality. Obviously, you will never leave hungry.
The service was fantastic and the meat quality was excellent.  But the restaurant had a dirty wet sponge smell to it.

Plenty of meat and sides to go around.  The salad bar was ok.
meat madness!!!!!!!! top sirloin, to die for!!!!!
Best steak I have ever had in my life!  non-stop premium meats!  The Bacon wrapped filet minon was my FAVE (drool). Love the fresh salad bar too.

 I Definitely recommend this place, but be prepared to spend a pretty penny especially if you are coming for dinner.  We try to hit this spot whenever we go to Vegas now so we can get away from the strip and have some good food with an upscale feel.
As far as brazilian steakhouse goes, Fogo de Chao is probably my favorite here in town. I tend to find that Texas De Brazil's meat is too salty, but here at Fogo de Chao it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. And hands down they have the best cheese bread. They are light and cheesey and just bread perfection. 
The salad bar also has a wide selection, comparable to the other places in town. Another stand out feature is that they have fried polenta as a side dish-.they were crispy little sticks of fried goodness. Tastes similar to a fried potato- just genius.
The food was delicious, service was prompt. Ambiance was also nice, wish we were seated in the middle of the room, but was there during a busy time.Do make reservations--I did and was seated within 2 or 3 minutes. The waiters/waitresses were very nice. The meats were also delicious, not a big fan of their Lamb however, but then again, Im not a big fan of lamb in general. The salad bar was also delicious, but I wouldnt indulge too much with the salads as there are too many other choices of steaks that one should try.
excellent salad bar, wide variety of meats, great service, planning return visit.
I was reading my first review for Fogo from a year ago and it was drier than a  well-done steak!  Fogo is one of my favorite chain restaurants.  I come here a lot and this week, I came here twice...listen to the Duchess (as I'm rolling me eyes at people who make dukedoms a big deal! Haha!)!  This place beats the other churrascarias in town in terms of meat selections, cleanliness and service.  If you want a particular kind of meat, just tell one of the gaucho guys or any of the servers.  As they say here "we work as a team".  They won't wait until your glass is empty. It's cheaper if you go during lunch time but you don't get beef ribs.

I'm a big carnivore.  People laugh at me hysterically when I think about becoming vegetarian.  This place is actually great for both carnivores and herbivores.  Although you'll get your money's worth if you eat steaks than just get stuff from the salad bar.  They give you fried polenta, mashed potatoe, fried bananas (helps you cut the fattiness of the meats) and pao de queijo/ cheese bread/ popovers.

THE MEATS:
They recently added Fogo steak to their meat line-up - it has a thicker layer of fat.  Picanha/house special top sirloin, bottom sirloin, filet, rib eye, alcatra, filet wrapped in bacon, chicken, chicken breast wrapped in bacon, leg of lamb, lamb chops, beef ribs (not available during lunch), garlic sirloin, pork loin, pork ribs, sausage and rib eye.  My favorites are: garlic sirloin (very garlicky), picanha (thin layer of slightly crisp fat) and bacon-wrapped filet...all cooked medium rare, of course.  All meats are tender and flavorful.

THE SALAD BAR:
They have soup, tabbouleh, beans and rice. Non-veggie items: bacon, cheeses (parmesan, mozzarella, manchego), salami, prosciutto and smoked salmon.  Veggies: lettuce, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh tomatoes, asparagus, broccoli, mushrooms, heart of palm, artichoke bottoms, peppers, etc. with different salad dressings (I like basil pesto). Last night, I had a crazy idea of just doing the salad bar.  I survived not eating steaks but I know I over-payed for a loaded plate of veggies, smoked salmon, bacon, cheese, prosciutto and a basket of pao de queijo for $28.

THE DRINKS:
My favorite is their Brazilian lemonade.  It's lime juice blended with condensed milk...it's non-alcoholic but it's way better than it sounds.  I get this all the time...free refills!  You have to have a caipiranha or two.  Last night, I had a Strawberry Lemonade Acai Caipiranha...it was strongly delicious.  It has Acai Spirit, Grand Marnier, Sprite, lemon and muddled strawberries.  I would also recommend the Melon Coconut Lime Caipiranha - coconut rum, cachaca, melon liqueur and muddled lime.

THE DESSERTS:
Papaya Cream, Strawberry Cream, Key Lime, Flan, Molten Chocolate Cake...but my absolute favorite is their South American Flan (tastes just like how my mom used to make it). It's creamy and sweet...very delicious!

The basics: if you're still eating your salad or if you're not ready for meaty goodness, flip your card red side up.  If you want meat to keep coming, flip the card green side up.  If you don't like a certain kind of meat and a gaucho guy approaches you, you may politely refuse.  You don't have to keep using the same plate.  If you're just doing the salad bar, don't freak out when they take away your flip card and tongs - you won't need those. They have private rooms if you have special occasions/ meetings.  I've used them before and it was great. Obrigada!
Love it!!! Mr.  Ricardo customer service always VIP all the way.  I was introduced to him by my good friend Mr. Neri/Regional Manager West Coast Division.  I was there on the grand opening when Mr. Neri recognized me from the Beverly Hills location where I'm pretty much a regular.

Fogo basically like a carnivore's heaven.  This is coming from a weekdays vegetarian girl! lol.  I love it here.  The meat always consistent to what you order.  And I love how just after a few rounds they take noticed of what you like and don't like.  Now that's customer service.     

Every time I go to Vegas,  Fogo is ALWAYS been my stopping ground.  They always get it right here, Beverly Hills, Scoots, Texas, Atlanta, doesn't matter where you go first class all the way
Since I seem a lot of good reviews from my fellow yelpers decided to give this place a shot and this place is awesome!

We went there for dinner. It's a bit pricey but who cares when the food,service is great. Meats are perfectly cooked, salad bar has a lot to choose from and the cheese puffs what can I say damn those things are good had 3 baskets of those little things.

Overall a great experience that is what I expected. Comparable to TDB can't go wrong with either one. Both are equally as good.
I've been here couple of times. I love their meat, but i'm not so much a fan of their salad bar (compared to others, I guess). Food overall is good (thus the two stars), but I'm not rating that for now. 

Last time I was there, the waiters were very unprofessional. Perhaps, it was not a busy day, but i thought that staying together in one area as a group--chatting, gossiping, I really don't care what they are discussing about--in front of guests is not appropriate in a place as fancy as this. I mean, they were just there, talking, not minding their customers. To be honest, I felt uncomfortable asking my waiter anything because it felt like I was interrupting their conversation. They didn't come back to check if the customers needed anything, except if they were actually called on. It was not a good experience for me (and the people I was with) even if the food and ambiance were great, and it was upsetting that we paid a lot to have service as such. Bottom line: not coming back again (unless if someone's paying). Anyways, there are other Brazilian places in town that I haven't tried so maybe it's time to explore some place else.
I saw great comments regarding this place. All those have posted regarding this place I have prop you were correct. This place is great food was just so good it's hard to put it in words. If look meat and aren't happy with on servicing than this place is for you guys. 

At long has your tap card next to you say green they will keep bring great juicy meat. When you thing you had all you can turn that card upside down to red.  Ok ladies sorry i forgot about you the salad bar is great everything is great from the green plants to protein cooked.  

The sweet tooth people the dessert is great. We had the cheese cake and it was so good that we finish pulse order anther piece.
This place has the best cheddar bread balls I have ever had. Similar to other Brazilian buffets. Flip your card over if you want meat, flip it over if you don't. Customer service was amazing. People will check up on you frequently making sure everything is fine. Bacon covered sirloin was my favorite.
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  First server was not as welcoming as the others (which may have been due to a language barrier).

LIKE  The shrimp and mango salad. The salad bar. The cheese bread, plantains, and polenta cake sides. The papaya cream dessert. The team of servers. The ambiance.

LOVE  The different cuts of meat especially the house special, the bacon wrapped chicken breast, and the flank.
Of the Brazilian restaurants in Las Vegas Texas De Brazil wins in the battle against Fogo De Chao, Pampas and Via. Fogo De Chao is still good- I personal like Texas better and this is why:

The salad bar at Texas has more options including two different types of mushrooms on hot and one marinated and cold, Fogo just has the cold ones. Texas has a variety of cheeses to include goat cheese and crostini toast, which Fogo does not. Fogo has bread for the cheese which is fine but I am spoiled by the options at Texas. Texas has two types of asparagus white and green and a delicious Quinoa salad. The main difference however is Texas de Brazils potatoes- their potato salad is better and the also offer scalloped potatoes and lobster bisque which Fogo does not.

Sides: Fogo offers polenta fries which are delicious something Texas does not have, however Texas mashed potatoes beat Fogos hands down any day of the week. When we got the potatoes at Fogo the server was like "and our delicious garlic potatoes". now if you are a potato snob like I am you can tell by visual appearance alone if potatoes are from a package- which these were. The consistency was watery and tasted like instant. BUMMER. Texas however, and I say this every time I eat there has the best mashed potatoes! They are so creamy, smooth and delicious. The plantains are equal at both places. Cheese bread- actually I think Fogo  wins on the cheese bread, but Texas is still good.

Meat: Both are equal- I personally think Texas might be seasoned a little better- my friend said that she thought Texas meat was a little more salty. 

Service: both places have EXCELLENT service. You will feel welcomed and full. Fogo was extremely prompt. I didnt even notice my friend had flipped her card from Red to Green and the server was already bring us our hot sides and  meat was coming our way- my friend said it was like they heard the air as the card flipped over. 

Finally- Price Fogo is a little more expensive. If your just doing salad bar go to Texas I think light lunch there is $19.99 and Fogos is $24.99 full lunch at texas is $26.99 and Fogo is $29.99. Dinner both are around $50. 

Side note: When I walked into Fogo's I was hit with the overwhelming smell of meat- which I actually did not enjoy that almost turned me off- There is no meat smell at Texas. Try both see which you like- but personally Ill be at Texas for my Brazilian feasting!!
Fogo De Chao is a Brazilian Steakhouse, AKA an All-You-Can-Eat Delicious Meat dinner.  They also have the option of just doing the salad bar if you are not a meat eater.

The sides and salad bar have tons of fresh veggies, imported/gourmet cheeses, cured meats, and various Brazilian style side dishes.  Let's just say there are a ton of great options to start with so definitely start by grabbing a plate here.  

They have these cards on the table with one side green (go-feed me more) and the other side red (stop-I'm full or need a break).  Flip your card over to green and the chefs start to serve you fresh cuts of meat that are brought to your table and sliced right onto your plate.  Choose from chicken (even bacon wrapped chicken!), beef (at least 3 different kinds), pork, sausage links, and they even have lamb.  When you are satisfied then flip your card back to red.  

I'm always so full that I don't have room for desert but one of these days I'm gonna try the Molten Chocolate Cake!  The table next to us ordered it and I was literally drooling.

I'm getting hungry just writing this review. . . .
How did I forget to write a review about Fogo??  

I've been here twice so far, for Father's Day lunch and a date night dinner afterwards.  For Father's Day lunch, I got a gift card to come back for another free meal...awesome!

If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse like this, it is essentially AYCE salad bar, cheeses, soups, etc....as well as unlimited steak, chicken, pork, and etc skewers served to you by the wait staff.

What separates Fogo from the other spots in town is the quick service, friendly staff, and meat quality.

Since it is AYCE, go ahead and try a bit of everything!  I start off with a single plate of goodies from the salad bar area, hit up some of the cheeses, soups, seafood options, and misc.  Then I head back to the table and start grabbing the good stuff as it passes by!

The most notable cuts to me are the Filet Mignon, Garlic Sirloin, House Sirloin, and Sausages.  I try the lamb cuts, chicken, and pork, but these are the powerhouses IMO!

Give em a go sometime...I guarantee you'll have an excellent time!

Pics :
Holy meaty deliciousness. I can't believe I've waited so long to try this place. It blows away any other Brazilian steakhouse. 

Let's start with the salad bar. There's a make your own Caesar Salad with Parmigiano Reggiano, you can have it shredded or grated. I went with both. It was so good. 

Some other options on the salad bar that I really liked, full artichoke bottoms, Peppadew peppers, Aged Manchego Cheese, Baby Swiss Cheese and marinated mushrooms. I tried to limit the salad bar to one small plate to safe room for the good stuff. 

I almost missed the bread on the table. I'm not sure how something so small can be so yummy. It just looks like a little biscuit, but you definitely have to try it. Somehow it basically melts in your mouth leaving hints of cheesy, buttery bread deliciousness floating all over your tongue. Make sure to eat them while they are hot. 

Side dishes: The fried polenta was actually really good. I've never had it before, but somehow I'm positive that no other place will make them this good. Garlic mashed was also pretty good, as were the caramelized bananas. 

The Meats:
 
Top Sirloin (Picanha) very tasty. I preferred the garlic seasoned version, but both were good.
 
Ribeye (Beef Ancho) My favorite of the meats... It's just so delicious. It seriously melts in your mouth. The flavor dances all over your tongue. I can't even explain it. 

Lamb (Cordeiro) The lamb was very tender and had a very subtle flavor. 

Flank Steak (Fraldinha - Bottom Sirloin) I think  2nd favorite. It was so tender and seasoned perfectly. 

Each cut of meat is more delicious than the last. This place is so good. To top of the dinner we ordered the Flan. It was drenched in creamy caramel and whipped cream. It was exquisite. 

The service here is absolutely superb. My water was never empty. The minute you flip your card over to show that you would like a new selection of meat, one of the carvers is by your side. Our server made sure we always had fresh bread and replenished our sides as needed.
I felt like everyone in the place was concentrated on making sure I had everything. Next time I go back I'd like to try the Filet and the beef ribs.
I had no clue what to expect when eating at a Brazilian steakhouse. It was delicious!!! The waiters were VERY attentive! Not use to that... Wasn't a bad thing. They never let your drinks go low, anytime you turned your card over for more meat, 5 or so people came right away! Their bread and fried bananas were to die for!!! Worth the $50 for dinner.  Definitely going back!
This is really as good as it gets.  The food and service is great.  Can't wait to go back.
One word... MEAT!! When planning our recent trip to Vegas, I was eyeing a few different places for dinner on Yelp and chose this as our first dinner of the stay. We were very pleasantly surprised to be greeted by a very helpful and friendly server who laid out the whole idea of dining at a Brazilian BBQ. His first suggestion (and a very good one) was to go LIGHT at the salad bar. The whole point of dining at this type of restaurant is being able to try a whole list (15) of different cuts of meats. Meats range from Chicken, Beef, Pork & Lamb cooked several different ways. I enjoyed each and every cut and left my seat barely being able to walk. If this wasn't such a nice place, it would definitely qualify as a stretchy-pants must. The fried plantains were so good that I saved them for last. Our server took the last bit that I had asked him to leave on the table, but brought out a brand new hot plate when he realized his mistake.. Score! The manager suggested a couple drinks to try and was spot on with his advice. The girlfriend ordered a Strawberry Lemonade cocktail (delicious) and I went with a Brazilian Beer that was a great suggestion. Be prepared to be a little overwhelmed with service for about the first fifteen minutes of your experience. It's just the nature of this place and all of the advice that you will receive from the staff is very helpful. Again, go LIGHT at the salad bar! How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat!! (For you PF fans ;)
The food was delicious however the service stands out the most with this place. It was incredible!!!! We were greeted by so many awesome employees including the management staff creating an unforgettable experience. The price is more than worth it and to top it off...cheaper than Texas de Brazil (plus the service was not all that at all there). I will for sure be visiting again.
My favorite Brazilian steakhouse. Their meat does not even compare to any other of the other Brazilian steakhouses I've been to. Great selection at the salad bar and good fried plantains.
I came to Fogo during Restaurant Week 2013. After trying to make a reservation the first weekend of restaurant week, I was denied because they were already booked. Since this was going to be one of my birthday meals, hubby said to call back and ask for something towards the end of the week so he could take the day off for it. I called back asked about Friday, August 30th (last day of restaurant week) and the woman on the phone said 2 pm was available so I reserved the spot. When we arrived on the 30th the parking lot seemed dead. For a place that was booked the weekend before, why did it seem nobody was here? I soon got my answer on the front door. They stop serving lunch at 2 pm and pick dinner back up at 5 pm. Fogo called as well e-mailed me conforming the reservation, so I was baffled. 

Entering Fogo we were greeted and taken to our table. We sat for a few minutes and then our drink order was taken. I then headed to the salad bar where I was surprised at how some stuff looked very fresh and other stuff looked like it had been sitting there untouched for a while. There was food scattered about along the salad bar and the ranch dressing had a ladle from another dressing inside of it and the ranch ladle was just laying on the counter. I avoided having ranch (my fav) on my salad because there was just too much of a mixture of who knows what inside of it. I went with a few things that looked fresh like tomato, mozzarella, croutons, parmesan and the basil dressing I put on it was delicious. 

I wasn't able to have anymore salad, but will explain about that later. So, the meats started coming. The servers were nice, but I don't know if they understood us or what. I told them what type of meat I would like and they would bring something else. They asked how I liked my filet and I said closer to well-done and I get brought a piece of raw red meat. The meat was seriously hit or miss. Some pieces were either very flavorful and tender while others were too raw or nothing but grizzle. The best thing here isn't the beef, but the sausage and bacon wrapped chicken. They do cook those 2 things right and the bacon wrapped chicken might just be the best I have ever eaten. Included with the meal were sides. The 'Mashed Potatoes" were just average. The "Cheese Bread" was dry and disgusting. The cheese bread tasted like a old biscuit. The "Carmalized Bananas" were actually very good, but the "Crispy Polenta" wasn't for me. I don't know if this experience was due to the time of our reservation or not. I wouldn't have even picked the time if it weren't suggested to me by Fogo. 

Then dessert came. Fogo claims the "Papaya Cream" is their most requested dessert. Most requested by who?? Sure it looks pretty upon presentation, but this dessert had zero flavor. I could have opened a jar of baby food (the dessert was that consistency) and tasted more flavor. Everyone at my table left their dessert unfinished. 

Too bad I didn't try more from the salad bar before we got cut off. The server came to our table and said that the salad bar was going to be closing so the employees could eat. WTH?!?!?!?!?!?!? The RW menu price was $30.13 and included an all you can eat salad bar, endless meats and a dessert. By this time we had only been seated maybe 20 minutes and were the only customers. I felt like we were the ones intruding on the employees eating since it was several of them at the salad bar and sitting at the tables near us. I first must that I think it is a great perk that the employees get to eat a free meal. They work hard and if the food is going to waste anyway then why not let them enjoy it too. I just don't understand why paying customers get cut off so they can have that perk. Dinner didn't start until 5 pm and it wasn't even 2:30 so these employees could have let us enjoy our meal and then stuff their faces. I contacted Fogo about this and got a call back from Whitney, who said they do let the employees eat, but they should have waited until we were finished. Whitney never once said she was sorry on behalf of Fogo and never returned the promised phone call the following day. Just because the small salad I was allowed to eat tasted good and the bacon wrapped chicken was to die for, doesn't mean everything else was acceptable. I would much rather give my money to Texas de Brazil.
I always know that the best way to bring a smile to my wife's face is to take her to a churrascaria. We were on our way to Texas de Brasil when I said, "You know, Fogo is closer; why don't we try there?" I'm glad I did. 

Let's start with the service. Even though they were fairly busy, we never had to wait for a waiter to come by. The drinks refilled almost as if by magic, and everyone was friendly and nice, and happy to give suggestions as to what is their favorite part on the menu. The manager, Ricard, came by to introduce himself, and chatted for a while. We definitely felt like valued, important guests. It was like the experience you get when you're a regular at other places. So, I liked that.

Their salad bar is better, in my opinion, than that of TdB. More selections, and what was on it just tasted better. If my wife wouldn't have glared at me all night for blowing $50 on a salad bar and the fried bananas, I'd have just stuck with that, and been pretty happy. 

The meats were all really good. (She seemed to love them, at least.) There's fewer meat selections than where we were heading, but the stuff was all cooked perfectly. I even enjoyed the leg of lamb, which is surprising, since I see lamb as a form of punishment. One of the servers told us of some off-menu items to try, and those were amazingly good.

Well worth the money.
50.00 is very cheap for most restaurants. But not for this place all the meats are dry and low quality cuts. I tried every single thing on the menu everything I ordered of course extra rare and still dry. The lamb had good flavor and was best. Salad bar has nice options. Service was very good atmosphere nice as well.
For my husband's birthday we decided to try this place out, since we're fans of Texas de Brazil.  Well, don't worry about losing us, TdB, because we were entirely unimpressed.
Most of the reviews here mention the wonderful service; I feel like we must have been in another universe entirely.  We arrived early and were seated promptly, but that was about it for the service perks.  We had HORRIBLE service, especially from the meat-bearing men (you know what I mean).  We both had our cards on green, and time and time and time again we were passed by!  It was so bad at one point I even held mine up and waved it in the air (I didn't mean to be so obnoxious but I was seriously annoyed) and STILL no one came by!  We were seated around plenty of other tables and they were served, we even tried calling out to them and got nothing.  The manager came by and we asked for him to send two different types of meat over, he said okay and left.  They NEVER SHOWED UP.  We flagged down another server and asked and finally got them.  Our plates sat empty for the majority of the meal because no one would serve us!  I have never experienced this at TdB or any other restaurant where we paid over $100 for a meal.
The meat itself wasn't bad, I really appreciated the menu to see what we hadn't yet tried.  My husband preferred the way the meat is seasoned at TdB, and I will say that I have a different understanding of "medium rare" than these chefs do, but to each his own.  The polenta fries were DELICIOUS, but as for the other sides we prefer TdB.  And the salad bar felt lacking, but this could be a personal thing as I do love my lobster bisque and they don't have it.  My husband ordered a cocktail, I passed on a glass of wine because prices starting at $11 seemed unreasonable (and we're locals, I feel like it's hard to surprise us with expensive drinks).  His drink was over $13 but it was tasty (however, it was a smaller sized portion).
Finally, as mentioned, it was his birthday.  So we ordered dessert and were served with a lovely chocolate cake with a plate that read, "HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!"  We thought this was hilarious, but I was annoyed, I had obviously mentioned it was his birthday when making the reservation.  The manager came over to wish us happy anniversary and we laughed and told him it was my husband's birthday actually, then the manager said, "Well, did you say anniversary on the phone?"  Ummm... no, no I didn't, I'm pretty sure I specified birthday.
Overall, we were definitely underwhelmed and will not return.  Considering the high prices, abhorrent service, and dishes that are not on par with TdB, it was a disappointment.
Hope you like meat, because that's really what it's all about here!  Leave your little coaster on green light, and let the feast begin!  Waiters bring out skewers of different choices of meat from sirloin, flank steak, bacon wrapped chicken, pork ribs, filet mignon, and parmesan crusted pork.
Yes, there is a salad bar, of which i felt like I had to balance out my meal, but not the highlight.  All of the staff bringing out the skewers was overwhelming at first.  I was like can I finish chewing first before you bring out more????  But who was I to say no to more succulent cuts of beef, and ribs, and more beef!  My only "beef" hahaha, was that once the staff saw that our party of 12 was slowly putting out their red stop signs, they pretty much stopped entirely while there were a few of us carnivores that were still chowing down.  We had to ask for the filet mignon and the parmesean crusted pork, and even then they brought out one piece of the pork.  C'mon mannnnn!  Gimmee mo' meat!
The staff handled our large group well, and even brought out a complimentary order of flan for the guest of honor, which was better than I was expecting since I'm not a big fan of flan.  I will be on the look out for more of Fogo de Chao and other Brazilian steakhouses when I'm on a meat binge.
Fogo De Chao in Las vegas was good, but I felt that the meat was a bit more salty then how the fogo de chao in Beverly Hills prepared their food. It could have been just an off day but the service was great and the desert was delicious. The creme Brulee  and flan was very sweet satisfied my sweet tooth. Was over all worth the trip off the strip to eat.
Just celebreatd my birthday early there on Friday and this most recent experience has turned Fogo into my new favorite special occasion restaurant in Vegas (sorry Lawry's but I still love you too!).  Thank you hubby for the most amazing surprise - he told me we were going to the steakhouse at Silver Seven and I believed him!

Super friendly attentive service throughout.  Started out with pineapple-lime Caphrinas - so delicious that my friend and I each had three!  Was surprised that it added $90.00 to the bill but they were deelish!

The salad bar is so fresh with tons to choose from - but being a fan of Texas de Brazil and Via Brasil - I knew to not be tempted too much -a small caesar salad with crunchy bacon on top is all I grabbed.

Our friendly server brought out their amazing cheese biscuits -interesting tidbit - they are actually GF- they are made with yucca flour so no gluten!  We kept gobbling them up.

Soon we moved our cards to green and I was blown away by all the amazing meat! I won't go into the same detail as discussed below but the pichana and garlic filet were my
My wife and I ate here on our last night of Vegas vacation. The salad bar was good. The meat itself was a-ok, but a rather limited selection compared to other Brazilian steakhouses in San Diego or San Francisco.

Fogo is said to be coming to Santana Row in San Jose early in 2014 so I'm waiting to go check them out and give them another try.
This place was sooo good! Excellent variety at the buffet and the meats were outstanding. The table service was also outstanding. There was always someone there to make sure we had what we needed. I liked it better than Texas De Brazil.
This was my first time at a Brazilian steakhouse, and all I can say is... WOW. My group decided to celebrate our last night in Vegas with a meal here, and each and every one of us immensely enjoyed our decision. 

Our waiter was amazing, engaging, friendly, and didn't rush us at all. Our reservation was on the later side, and even though we were there well past the restaurant closing, he did not hurry us once. We truly enjoyed our interaction with him, and he patiently explained each seasoning on the meat, and each menu item. His wine suggestion was very good, and not something I would have selected without his recommendation. 

The salad bar was all very fresh. I sampled tiny bits of a lot of the items, but I didn't want to get too full, because to be completely honest, we were all there to sample the meat. 

At times, the choices were a little overwhelming. It is pricey, but SOO worth it.
My husband and I go to Vegas twice a year and we always have dinner there. By far the best Brazilian steak house that I have tried. Being Brazilian, I always miss the authentic food and I can tell you, that's the place to go. Amazing tasty cuts of meat, sides are awesome and the service, well the service is absolutely outstanding. They serve so many different meats... You can have all the filet mignon you can eat! The black beans are delicious and I love their fried polenta. I have tried Fogo de Chao in So Paulo, Brazil and in California, and all I see is the same consistency of one of the best restaurants I  have ever eaten at. Stay away from the other Brazilian steak houses on the strip. This is the place to go to.
The staff is impeccable always hustling always keeping your glasses filled. Having gone to several Fogo de Chao's in other cities this one was among the best. Meats were flavorful and properly cooked, never had to wait more than a few minutes to get my personal favorites
You thought only Jenna Jameson could get 16 different meats in one day? Think again... This place would keep anyone satisfied and filled with delicious hot meat. 

Why only four stars? Don't pick up my check while I'm still sitting there dude! I know you are anxious about your tip, but simmer down!
I ...hate vegas.
I find it dirty there...and weary to touch anything.

There is an imperative conference that takes place here to which is a must must for my company. My whole trip there is pleasant due to the people I'm with and this place was definitely my cup of tea. I am not a huge Meat consumer, however, i ate more meat here than i have in my entire life. It  is cooked to perfection, and .....mouth watering .....good. They also have fish and a salad area with more yummy goodness...its definitely a mans world in here but I am looking forward to going back next year and getting my chow on.
True brazilian style bbq! Best steak is called picanha and must try their caipirinha (cocktail).
Amazing food , filet Mignon is one of the best I have ever had .... Service was great always very friendly ... Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves Brazilian Cuisine
Felt like royalty here! Freakin delicious! Expect to pay $5 per soft drink!
So I'm not one to spend $30 on lunch... and probably won't be again for a while. I can't knock the place for my own likes and dislikes so I'll just say that the service was spot on, the food was quite impressive and the place is clean and well kept. I can see why so many people enjoy it... however it's not to may taste. The salad bar had a nice variety of options from chicken and pasta salads to a selection of cheeses and delicious prosciutto and salami. The bread and little appetizers they bring to the table were pretty good and the meat was hit or miss for me. Honestly, the dessert flan they brought out for a birthday was freaking awesome and probably my favorite part of the meal.
Nice spot and maybe I'll be back in the future and I'll try to be hungrier next time!
This might be one of my favorite restaurants ever and a must-stop every time I am in Vegas. All-you-can-eat meat, need I say more? And its high quality, juicy, tender meat at that! The baby lamb chops. Oh my god. I don't even remember the name of every cut of beef I've had there, but 90% of them were out of this world delicious. They even have some special cuts that they don't serve to everyone but you can get on special request. I've been lucky enough to come here with someone in the know and have gotten to try the special reserved cuts which were amazing! They also have a pretty extensive salad bar, but I try not to fill up on silly things like salad and vegetables when I come here. But one of the people in my group was a vegetarian, and he seemed completely satisfied with the meal he received from the salad bar. I felt a little bad I dragging a vegetarian to an all-you-can-eat meat place, but not really because its too good to pass up just cause you are being forced to dine with crazy non-meat eating people. And as long as you keep your card on the green the food keeps on coming. Now that's my kind of place!
great place to be, just sit back and enjoy a complete pampering evening of food, food, food and more food!!  This place is one of the best red meat stops I have ever made in Las Vegas.  The variety, the fun and of course knowing you had better grab those little tongs or else your meat is falling to the floor!!  Priceless and fun experience.
2nd Churrascaria on the list.

In my humble opinion quite overrated.
- the price is extremely high
- the passadores weren't too friendly
- meat was reather dry and chewy

The intereur design is rather beautiful and even though it was full until the last table, it never got really noisy.
The highlights of the evening was the chocolate cake and the wine room.
This place is exactly the polar opposite of an Outback Steakhouse. Fogo had:  Excellent service, ambiance and food. Quality meats cooked to the right temperature,  fresh sides and an added treat of prosciutto made me a regular.  If your looking for a great meal in Las Vegas Fogo is a must.
A must go to when in Vegas for the meat and Caipirinha lovers!
Can't wait to go to Brazil!! People, if you're a meat lover, you'll love love love this place! By far the best Brazilian place I've been to. Lamb was fantastic, all steaks were so delicious and tender, my favorite was top sirloin. Lamb chops...mmmmm!!
Service outstanding, great atmosphere!! Don't miss it!
Was in vegas for sema 2weeks ago and on our first night came here. Its very nice place, the food was amazing! I love Brazilian bbq so to come here was just amazing how great the food was and the selection of meats they had, not to mention the buffet as well. Such tasty sides!! Very fresh!. I ate so much I was so stuffed but one happy stuffed woman. I will be back here when I'm in town again. One more thing to add. The service was top notch even being how packed it was during dinner. Excellent service.
Yes, Fogo de Chao is really darn good.   It's a 4.5 star rounded up to 5.   I was there a couple weeks ago with three friends.   We had just finished a long couple of days and wanted to celebrate by having a nice dinner.   We were able to call on a Saturday night at 6:30 and get reservations for 8.   Getting there was no problem.   They have valet parking, but they also have a lot that is wide open.   I'm not sure what that's about but, ok.   We self parked because we figured we'd need to walk a little after dinner.   
This is a Brazilian steakhouse.   And every selection of meat they brought out was cooked perfectly.   I can't think of anything that I had that I didn't like.   The salad bar was quite nice and of course that was geared toward the carnivore too.   (How awesome is it when the salad bar has strips of bacon?   You have to love that!)  
The service was great.   I had to flip my card from green to red a few times just to catch up.   But I was rewarded with an excellent bacon wrapped fillet Mignon.   Wow... that was good.  
If you like meat, you'll love this place.  It's not far from the strip.  One cool thing they had was a mobile bar that would come to your table.  The bartender would mix a drink or pour you a shot.   That was a nice touch.  
Will I be back?   You bet, I love beef!
This restaurant is if the strip. Location is fine. Walk-in greeters are really friendly. Our reservation was not for another 30 minutes but they say us right away. The waiter was super attentive and helpful. The salad bar was amazing. Everything was so fresh. My favorite was the shrimp and mango salad. Perfect sweetness. Now to the good stuff. Every single cut from the pork to the filet minon were juicy and perfectly cooked. As long add you have your green yes please the protein will keep coming! It was a really nice experience just pricey. Would go back again on another special occasion.
I was there with a group. I was a little disappointed with the small selection of meats brought out and how they did not service each table equally. Then they cycled us through to desert and seemed annoyed when I was not done eating and requesting more meat. Even if it was a group thing, it is still an all you can eat meat house! Unfortunately I have eaten at other Brazilian meat restaurants in town and have had much better selections and service. I still gave 4 stars for taste.
One of the best restaurant I have ever been. The servers was great. The food was excellent. I love the look of the place. I have been living near by for 6 months and didn't know it was this close. Will be back soon. Must go!!!
Great place.  Really great salad bar with asparagus, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, roasted garlic, cool weird red peppers, kale orange salad, jalapenos, oil & vinegar, etc.  The meats were great but I don't think we saw all the different types.  We had to ask our waitress to get some of the meats for us.  The waitress was really good and friendly.  I could do without the rolls or the mashed potatoes or the polenta.  Just bring me high quality stuff.  We wanted to go back every night during our long weekend stay.  Plenty of parking.
Free salad bar !

I came here to celebrate anniversary hehe :)

We've tried all the meat on the menu, and I gotta say, NON of them had disappointed me!
Excellent service, they come by and check up on you every 15 minutes! At the end of our meal, they even came up to us with a complimentary flan with candles and decoration to wish us happy anniversary! very sweet!

They also have variety of wine choice( I didnt get to try it because wine makes me sleepy haha). 

If you're in vegas, and dont wanna wait in line for buffet, this could be your back-up plans :)
This is the place Vikings wrote songs about!

My new quote in life is "Fogo or Nogo!"
All I can say, is go to Texas de Brazil instead if you want great Brazilian BBQ. Everything was mediocre-bad, the service was even worse. Poor selection and quality of meats, my filet was 1/2 fat and then they had the nerve to tell me I don't know about meat when I work in the industry! There is a good reason they were 1/2 full when there is an 1.5 hour wait at Texas de Brazil. Next time, I'll take the wait. ...oh, there was only great service person there. Hope he gets a job at Texas.
Went here for the second time and boy what a drastic change..... The service was horrible. The meats were very fatty , the manager arguing with my wife and the worst part I got food poisoning from their salad bar. It's day number 2 and I am still recovering after having my head in the toilet most of  day 1.....  what a way to spend $200.00 .........This place is cut!!!!!
Just finished a delicious dinner. Great service from Jose. Even had a tour of the kitchen. Was a fun evening with friends. Was careful with the salad bar. The roasted garlic and pickled onions went great with the meat.  The lamb was my favorite the filet mignon not as tasty as the other cuts of beef.
My wife and I decided to give Fogo de Chao (Las Vegas) a try for dinner as we celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary.  The service was top notch, the salad bar, various selections of meats and dessert left the both of us feeling stuffed. My wife continues to brag about the experience. We are looking forward to going back again. You won't be disappointed.
Beware of the salad bar! Don't overload on the salad bar because you won't be able to try all of the meats then. They have a huge selection of meats. Everything was very delicious and all of the meats were so juicy and tender. Great place! Will definitely be back.
I love this churrasqueria! What a great addition to Las Vegas! I usually go to LA for my fix.  

The ambiance is beautiful as well as the staff.  The salad bar offered and extensive array of typical salad items as well as some of their regional foods.  The salad bar looked like it could feature more items though...but then again you come here for the MEAT and boy do they serve meat...15 kinds I believe.  

My favorite was the lamb (bone in) and the cheese bread is to die for..its also gluten free as it is made with yucca flour and I'll pretend it was fat free;) At first I was taken back by how quickly the meat kept coming around to our table. 

Once you leave hear meated out, you can keep in mind for next time to come here for lunch Monday-Friday and still enjoy the same items served for dinner but for half the price.
I don't give anyone a 5, but this was to die for. Scrumptous. The service was impeccible. Lovely, lovely time. Thank you !
Great food, Great service...top notch in fact. The only thing that gets me is if you order a coke, it comes in an 8oz bottle and you pay for each one. That is kind of a bummer. Feels like they are trying to bleed you after you already are paying top dollar for great meats. Other than that, the filet is incredible and lamb chops are amazing! Do not fill up on the salad bar! As tempting as it may be, get your meat eating out of the way first.
This place was awesome. The food was amazing, but the best part was the experience and atmosphere. The servers and manager were so friendly and attentive. You have to be a meat eater though.
Everything about this place is amazing.

Not only is the meat amazing but the service is spectacular. Since there is no specific "servers" everyone was so perfectly attentive. I took my boyfriend here for his big birthday dinner and they even comped our dessert for us. We never asked for any special birthday deals or anything I just asked that they write happy birthday on his dessert for him. So sweet! The manager even stopped by at the end of our meal to talk to us and ask us how everything was. With everything you can get in Vegas we'll definitely be coming back here. 

Did I mention the cheese bread absolutely phenomenal?? It's crazy good.
Filet mignon was the best followed by picanha, chicken etc. cheese bread is very good. Way too much food. 
Chocolate kava cake and flan were pretty good. Not great. Kids 11 and 14 yr old girls were charged same price as adults. Really???
In the great battle of who is better... Fogo vs. Texas... I vote Texas De Brazil...
Here is how the battle panned out:

-Reservations: we made ours for 9pm on the Monday before Christmas with ease.. Both restaurants are a winner in this category... TIE
-Ambiance: for $50/per person (before tip & without dranks) you expect a nice dinner... not gourmet, but nice. Fogo's atmosphere was not as impressive as TDB's warm colors, tapestries and large open rooms. TEXAS
-Salad Bar: My favorite part of the Brazilian barbecue experience is the salad bar... Fogo's was ok but only if that was the only Brazilian barbecue that you've ever been to.. They had limited and not very impressive selections. TDB has way better cheese selection, more fresh looking ingredients and lobster bisque...yumm.. I also found myself wanting to go for seconds at TDB and not Fogo... TEXAS
-Cocktail Bar/Wine List: We perused the wine & cocktail list at Fogo for quite a long time but couldn't find anything that caught or eyes... I feel that at TDB they have a way better and larger selection... TEXAS
-Cheese Puff Bread: I love those little cheese puffs so much that I even attempted to make them at home but i feel like the ones that i made tastes better than Fogo's... At TDB I have to stop myself from filling up on those addicting little suckers... TEXAS
-Meat: I am not much of a meat person but I found that I have been eating much more of it as of late... At Fogo I really appreciated how they would cook up a fresh batch of meat and bring it straight to your table if they did not have it circulating on the floor.. and not just the specific meat but the specific meat to the way you wanted it cooked. I feel as though the meat at TDB can sometimes be a tad bit salty for my palette..  I would score this category as a tie but the last selection of meat that Fogo brought out, freshly grilled lamb chops, was divine... not too gamey and perfectly cooked.... FOGO
-Service: was great at both places.... TIE

*So you can decide for yourselves but if I had to choose again which place to go to I would definitely choose Texas De Brazil. 


HOT TIP: The napkins in the bathroom at Fogo are just as wonderful as the napkins at TDB... if you know what I'm talking about... LOL
The meat here is very good, the only down fall is the salad bar. They have very few items and no soups :( staff is nice, but you can get more for your money elsewhere.
An all around awesome experience,never had such timely and helpful service. The food is out of this world
Pretty good! Had my anniversary here and they gave us a complimentary dessert :)
I am in no way a big fan of meat. I pick it out of my meals constantly, and usually turn my nose up to it. We received dinner for 2 tickets to Fogo at my job's Christmas party, and decided to go last night. From the moment we parked the car, everything was great. The valet went out of his way to open the door for us, the ladies at the front were alert and greeted us promptly. Our wait staff were BEYOND polite, going out of their ways to pull out chairs for us, and constantly there to refill our plates. My husband and I don't drink alcohol, and didn't want soda with this meal. One of the gentlemen helping us offered a really yummy limeade that was soooo good! It was kind of creamy and frothy, and was amazing!! They said it was like a Brazilian limeade, which they made sure we had refills often. Everything was great. No complaints at all!
This is the 2nd best tasting Brazilian steakhouse I've had in Las Vegas. The first being Yolies (the oringinal).  The key is to pace yourself and turn your card over while enjoying what you have before looking around for more. The meat was seasoned well and there are over 14 meats to choose from. I loved the ribs and filet mignon. 

PROS:  Ribs
              Bottom sirloin
              Filet Mignon
             The salad bar
              
CONS: Not enough room in my stomach for everything I want there.
The only thing bad about this place is the food coma you will be in when you exit.  There is no excuse for not having exactly what you want during an evening at Fogo.   With 14 types of meats and plenty of options on the salad bar, you can have whatever you want.  Bacon wrapped fillet and Lamb chop were the tops - amazing.
Quick: Really sub standard service, meat variety and overall experience. Texas De Brazil finally confirmed as the winner.

Pros: Filet mignon is solid. 

Cons: Caipirinha too sweet. Went a full 15 minutes without meat offered, during dinner rush. Same cut of beef offered 3 times in a row. Lots of poor performance, sours the tastes of the meal.

Fogo de Chao is renowned as a Brazilian steakhouse. I say nay! My expectation of a steakhouse like this is to see a server at least every few minutes when the green button is on and when a server does come by, at least to see the breadth of what the menu offers within a reasonable time.

The establishment is nice, easy to navigate and classy, if a bit smaller than Texas de Brazil. Everyone is courteous, friendly and when you speak with them, you feel taken care of... mostly. The issue lies in the execution really.

After we were seated, the 5 of us moved to the salad bar which, for unknown reasons, was entirely filled with people all the way around. Not one spot open to grab some side dishes and no one was moving. Everyone stood, seemingly in line, for a few select dishes. I don't know but after standing for 2 or 3 minutes, we decided to back load the salad bar for after "rush hour" and start with meat.

In the first 10 minutes, everything came fast and prompt. "Sirloin sir?" Yes indeed! Chicken, lamb, sirloin, pork, sirloin.... then came a 15 minute dead zone. We could not catch a server, or they had sliced off the last portion of beef to the parties before us. Meat offerings came sporadically few and far between for the rest of the night. It was strange.

Only after 40 minutes of noticing filet never came by, we made the request to our waiter. Filet began to flow, and it was tasty. But by then, the lull had set in and our stomachs felt full yet unfulfilled.

Essentially, Fogo de Chao might have had an off night. I'm sure they can be better than a 2 star but this night, this experience was a 2-star experience and it can never be anything else. We were looking forward to enjoying a complimentary experience to Texas de Brazil. We only hoped it would be the same quality but a different experience, but unfortunately it was only different by being a far inferior experience, fine steak or not.

Would I recommend it? I can't. Will you see it the way I did? Based on Yelp reviews, probably not and I know many that swear by Fogo de Chao. My Brazilian friend even said that the one in Beverly Hills is superb. But I won't recommend the Vegas one, or be returning. All I can say to them is, "Ciao!"
If you like Brazilian steak this restaurant is place you want to be great steak 
But you need to be hungry before you go there.  Beef is so good
When I came here with my wife the first time, we've had the whole "Churrascaria rodizio" at Yolie's.  Although Yolie's serves really great meat and the whole experience was just okay (even if they refused my 2nd groupon), I guess it was the lack of warmth from their servers. We wanted to try this place out and we're glad we did because we absolutely loved the experience.  The meat choices was abundant and they were flavored very well.  Customer service was impeccable.  We come back at least once or twice a year since then.  It is a bit pricey, but it's well worth the money.  The Pao de queijo (cheese bread) is one of the best we've had.  It's so addicting!!! Since going to Fogo the first time, we tried other Brazilian steakhouses (i.e., Pampas and Texas de Brazil). Fogo de Chao set the bar and no one has topped it.
I returned to Vegas and chose Fogo de Chao to do some business and re-unite with some old friends. I have eaten at this chain before including some in Brazil.

They never disappoint and as always the food and service were fantastic. From a 7 pm reservation we closed the place down and it seemed like only minutes.

Highly recommended and it is much closer to the Strip than the other Chain.

Definitely will return again next year.

K
Went with 5 couples from our church to celebrate. The service was impeccable, the salad/sides/soup bar was fantastic with fresh and amazing displays. The meats kept coming and I was in heaven. It was hard to stop myself. My favorite were the fried bananas. You will not be disappointed. If you are a meat lover, you got to try this place and don't go alone.
I've been to a couple Brazilian Steakhouses prior to Fogo. Fogo was a solid Steakhouse but didn't blow me away. The salad bar offered plenty of choices for the vegan. Me and my pasta ways cleaned up on the pasta salad and green salad. 

Fogo offered about a dozen meat choices sausage, lamb, beef and chicken. I would say that about 2-3 of them would be labeled as tasty. The rest of the meats lacked any seasoning or taste. It may be for those who want to add to salt and pepper, but I expected more flavor. 

It was a great chance to experience Fogo de Chao but it didn't meet my overall expectations. I will try back again as a new location is opening up near me
Fantastic BBQ cuts from filet mignon to sausage.  Name it, lamb ,beef ,pork ,chicken.  Also great salad buffet and excellent service.
Excellent food and even better service.
Mediocre chain restaurant. With some of the best steak houses in the world in Vegas I was very disappointed by going to an all you can eat steak and salad bar. 

The meat was overall tasteless and the sides were nothing special.  The desert was just sweet for the sake of being sweet. 

If you want to go just because it's all you can eat then go for it, but there are a lot of other choices that will give you a better bang for your buck in Vegas
First of i shouldnt be writing a review to a stake house. I am a vegetarian. So I would rate this place OK for all other vegetarians. Had to go there for company Christmas party.
WOW. As good as it gets...delicious salad bar with lots of interesting creations.
Fresh fruit and vegetable and a delightful assortment of fish too. I went there with some family and friend and such a beautiful designed space with dark wood and oak tones. The waiters were all very kind and attentive.

No messing around here with the meats. Delicious 

Definitely a winner.
Absolutely LOVE this place, great food and great customer service. I just wish they would offer soup and fruit at the salad bar, just like Texas de Brazil does. The fruit would be refreshing especially after one eats a variety of salty meats. 

I would recommend that if you're not a big eater or don't have a big appetite, then go during lunch hours, you get the same food for half the price and don't forget to order yourself a Caipirinha.  ;-)
I went on Feb. 15 and this place was more packed that an asian buffet for crab legs. In part it was a little annoying because of the amount of people and the movement of the staff (we where seated next to kitchen entrance).

The food it was good but I had better at Texas de Brasil also more expensive . I didnt see anything special until the end of the meal when they gave my wife a Gift Certificate or a voucher for 1 lunch or dinner on them. That is a big saving but you have to use it in less than a month.

Overall, for the amount of meat and fried banana that I had $51.50(per person) is a little too much. Selection of meats that I saw all around where about 10 counting that you have ask for beef or pork ribs every time , so someone go on the back and get it.

I am not sure if  coming back.
We went here on Valentine's Day and the food was incredible as well as the service. We got there pretty early but could see the crowds coming in as we were getting ready to leave. Great ambiance, great service, great food, and great drinks!!!!' What more can you ask for? 

How about the buy one get one free coupon they were giving away :-) icing on the cake
The lamb chops are a bit gamy.  Otherwise our experience was excellent.
The hubby and I came here for our anniversary dinner. All I can say is WOW. Everything from the salad bar, to the incredible meats and side dishes as well as the customer service were amazing! I was on meat over load and I loved it, don't know how people can be vegetarians lol. The service was impeccable, even the Manager (I'm assuming he was the Manager lol) Ricardo came over a couple of times to ensure that we were satisfied. If you are a meat person, you can't beat this. $52 for all the salad bar, meats and side dishes you want, definitely worth every penny!!! I will definitely be back.
This restaurant is incredible. From the experience to the food and service that comes with it is indescribably pleasant. I return time and time again because it's always amazing quality and an all around great time! Bring your friends and family for a delightful and filling experience!
My bf was so excited to try this place since he's a meat lover. Unfortunately, he was very disappointed. My bf likes to eat his meat bloody or medium rare. All the meats that were served to him were well done. So he only ate a few pieces and gave up on the number one thing he loves to eat. 

The service, salad bar and dessert is the reason for the 3 stars. I can definitely say that they have impeccable service. The servers all worked together to give the customers great service. The salad bar was also good. It had a wide variety. I personally loved the pineapple/apple salad. The dessert was awesome. We had the strawberry cream. It was a great way to finish the meal. 

Maybe we will be back for the desserts.
First let me thank my yelp friend Kelly O., for talking me into trying Fogo. Sending you big ol hugs Kelly. Thank you.

One word to describe Fogo de Chao? Incredible!

The salad bar was huge and looked great. But I didn't come to a Brazilian Steakhouse to eat green stuff. After all, that's what real food eats. Bring on the meat!!!
And bring it they do. Never ending. Succulent. Tender. Juicy. Flavorful. Glorious meat.
Everything I tried was fantastic. And I do mean everything... And I tried it all!

But fair warning to the rookies... Pace yourselves. If you gorge, which is very easy to do, you'll find yourself slipping into a meat drunk food coma.

The place is beautiful and clean.
Parking is not an issue at all.
Service was attentive, friendly, polite, and fast.

I will definitely be back... With loose waisted jeans on.
Love this place! It is the best Brazilian steakhouse hands down. We went here without a reservation and got seated in less then 15 minutes. We had a drink at the bar and everyone was so friendly. 

The salad bar was clean and everything was always full. They had an assortment or cheeses, meats, roasted vegetables, and different ingredients to make a salad. 

The meat was amazing. If they didn't have what you want they would bring out what you wanted. If you want your meat well done they will put it back on the grill and cook it to how you like it.
Came here with some friends during Restaurant Week 2014. Two "meals" were available during Restaurant Week. 

Lunch for $30.14 OR Dinner for $40.14 (tax and gratuity not included) 

First Course - Salads & Sides Bar
Second Course - Bread and Side Dishes
Third Course - Sixteen Cuts of Fire-Roasted Meats
Fourth Course - Selection from Dessert Menu

I researched to see what the difference was between lunch and dinner, and it had noted that lunch does NOT have beef ribs. I thought, "hey.. those beef ribs are probably huge anyway.. taking up my picanha and lamb chop room" so my friends and I opt'ed for lunch. 

Quick Note: Those who are coming here for Restaurant Week, reservations are required and it must be noted that it is for Restaurant Week ! 

Decor - pretty nice ! Huge glass walled wine and alcohol cellar. Dark but each table is individually lit fairly nicely. Upon entry of restaurant, on the left is the fire pit. We saw a few skewers of the beef ribs (probably in prep. for tonight) 

For those who are going for their first time, this is how Brazilian BBQ works. You have these "Gaucho Chefs" walking around with sword like skewers with various meats. You start at the salad bar to get a plate (can just get plate if none of the foods attract you -- mostly cold stuff anyway). 

They have a system. You have a thing on your table for EACH person. Red = Stop. Green = BRING ME THE MEATTT ! Our waiter had mentioned that you'll have to switch periodically so you don't get a mountain of meat... I was like "nahhhh....!!!" to my surprise, he was right.. This is the first time where i was "overwhelmed" by the speed on how fast they were coming. I've been to a few other brazilian bbq places (Texas de Brasil, etc) and that hasn't happened... XD o well i ain't saddened !! thats good :D 

SIDE DISHES !!!

Garlic Mashed potatoes - uhh to me.. this was very normal... nothing special... plain ol garlic mashed potatoes... no lasting impression like ones from Texas de Brasil 

Crispy Polenta - polenta is a cornmeal made into fries.. plain but tasty. nice and crispy

Carmelized bananas - this didnt seem too carmelized to me. quite soggy and super soft... 

MEATSSSS !!!

Leg of Lamb - very tender and nicely seasoned meat. surprisingly, was probably the best cut of meat we had during the meal. 

Picanha - (Top Sirloin) with a fatty layer... little underseasoned. Cook was perfect. nice and tender. 

Beef Ancho (Rib eye) - perfectly med rare temp. super juicy. tender ! little underseasoned

Cordeiro (Lamb chops) - woohoo lamb chops ! first round, it was actually a little "overcooked". medium throughout. still tender. second round, it was perfect med. rare. delicious :D 

bacon wrapped filet mignon - not much of a fan of bacon but it was nice and tender. bacon gave it a nice flavor w/ the juicy and tender filet. 

Dessert !!! 

Papaya Cream - Fogo de Chao signature - definitely the LIGHTEST of the 3 desserts we had tried. Simply put, pureed papaya and cream. naturally sweet. good "end" to the fatty heavy meats XD 

Molten Chocolate Cake - ohhh man DEFINITELY the HEAVIEST dessert picked... i had a bite of it... the word "MILKKKKK ASAPP" came to mind. SUPER SUPER rich... like triple/quadruple fudge brownies sandwiching cream... oh man @_@ 

NY Cheesecake - Topped with a strawberry glaze. probably big enough to share between two people, fairly easily. 

Overall, not a bad experience. the meat was good. Little underseasoned if anything. Better than the salty meats of TdB where you'd be drinking water a lot. Service was great. Because i had a reservation, i was instantly seated upon arrival. good stuff :D +1 for them
This is totally the best Brazilian Steakhouse in Las Vegas!!!  Actually my favorite in the whole world but I have only been to Texas De Brazil, the one inside Planet Hollywood and Rodizio Grill in Utah.  I suppose I do not have very many to compare it to but I can still compare.  It is located right off Flamingo so it is accessible.  Ricky is their group sales manager and she is most helpful.
Good service, the meats were great. Came luckily on restaurant week! Score.

Pork ribs were on the spot and the winner tonight.

Beef ribs not as good as Beverly Hills.

The rest of the meats were a blur.........
Restaurant week, yeah! $40.14 with dessert!
Finally tried Fogo De Chao after hitting every other Brazilian Steakhouse in Las Vegas

PROS
-It has probably the best quality of meat of the whole bunch, 5 stars. 

-The best pao de queso, fresh and light (addicting cheese bread balls that they love you to fill up on, and I know it, yet I can't keep them away).

-Papaya dessert really hit the spot at the end, pureed papaya and cream. Excellent

CONS
-The only thing lacking was the salad bar. 
(No one comes to a place like this for the salad bar so I don't weigh this so heavy, but still it's nice to have something special on there. 
Other places like Texas de Brazil and Via Brazil have an awesome lobster bisque to take a break from all the meat. Also Texas de Brazil has some excellent large cocktail shrimp and a little bit of nigiri sushi.

-I really love the cinnamon bananas which every steakhouse offers, but they bring them out to you at the start of the meal, unlike at the end...and by the time you want a bite of something sweet they are mushy and cold. Glad I had the papaya dessert.

- Be sure to ask for the chimmichuri sauce as it's not on the salad bar or anywhere to be found.  

OVERALL
Since the meat quality was the best I've seen, this place gets a solid 4 stars. I'll be returning patron...in restaurant week 2015.
Although this place was very good, I feel it did not measure up to its key competition, Texas de Brazil.  The facility, staff, food variety were 95% of the way there...but just not quite as nice.  That being said, I did manage to enjoy a couple pounds of deliciously cooked meat.  I would never object to going back, but by the same token, I would not choose it over Texas de Brazil.

The price for dinner was $51.50 per person, not including drinks...or desert, if somehow anyone saves room for that.

Our reservation was for 5:30p on a Friday night and we were seated directly upon arrival.  Parking was ample, plus valet is available, if for some reason you don't mind a stranger in and driving your car.
I give this place 4 star because they lack variety at the salad bar and the food is really the same as Texas..save like $15 and go to Texas they also have better desert but if you want to spend the money it's a decent choice
the meat is not as salty as Texas de Brazil. salad bar wasn't as impressive tho. they don't have chicken heart which is one of my favorites. only the one in Summerlin seems to have it. anyway, came here for lunch. service is friend and nice. this place is pricey as you can expect. two lunches (each at $32) with two cappuccinos came to just below $100 with tip included. expense lunch I know but it was for an occasion.
Fogo De Chao sure did save the day! We had reservations Saturday night for 8 people across the street at Musashi, when they magically lost them. Frantically, calling every tons of places they took our request, as well as took our cake for the occasion and brought it out when requested. Those couple of things alone were worth the 4 stars. 
We are very familiar with Brazilian steakhouses and know what to expect. The manager who sat us explained everything. He was more informative then friendly. Our server throughout the night however was fantastic and I would request him every time! He just refilled drinks, and took plates but he was on it and we appreciated it. He even noticed when my daughter went to the bathroom with a runny nose and came to check on her to make sure she was ok.
The food selection is always brilliant. With the salad bar consisting of rice, beans, salad, cold cuts, cheese, peppers, artichokes, olives, beets, and other eccentric items. There are suppose to be 16 selections of meat, but I will be honest I maybe seen 8-10 of them. It seemed they continuously had the chicken or sausage when our table was wanting filet and garlic sirloin. Although with the exception of the lamb taking a while, when requested everything did come out promptly. Same with the sides, the second I would eat the last sweet banana, here came another plate.
Towards the end, we asked that our check be split. (I hate doing this, but was not going to argue with the other parties)
They ignored our request and brought out the entire bill. To apologize, the awesome server gave us a free cheesecake.
Overall, other than the crudeness of the manager at the beginning and end, it was a great experience. 


PS- add risotto to the salad bar like some of the other joints in town!
roughly $60 per person brazilian buffet...starting at self-serve salad bar...handsome spread of vegetables, shrimp, cured meats, olives and more...meats carved at table side...sausages, chicken, beef, lamb, etc...lamb good...meats can be tough, so be selective...great salad bar...great sides..love the cooked plantains..decent typical meats...
Service was great. Had a good salad bar selection, but i think the Beverly hills location has a better salad bar. My favorite meat is the picanah.
Marathon meat madness!!! We were lucky to go for Restaurant Week to enjoy the special price and dessert included. It's spacious inside and although there were lots of people, we were seated in an area where we were far from other customers. The staff here is really exceptional. If you were in a meat eating contest you could win. 

I got up to check out the salad bar and when I returned everyone at my table was getting their meat on! It felt like a race to the finish line. We had nonstop meat guys offering various types of meat to our table. I had to quickly put the red "stop sign" up so they won't offer me anymore. Help! I was drowning in meat starting to lose my hearing and entering a meat coma!  I enjoyed the bone in lamb, filet mignon, and ribeye the most. 

The polenta sticks were to die for as well as the cheesy bread and plantains. The mashed potatoes were nothing to waste your time and tummy space on. 

My only gripe was a few times I asked for medium and got well done. So maybe ask for rare and you will get medium. 

We never once had to flag down any waiters because they were constantly filling waters, taking plates away, and very present. 

Ask for the chimichurri sauce, homemade hot sauce, and homemade BBQ. It really compliments the meat well. 

The dessert could be better. But I guess you don't go here for the dessert. My guava mixed with ice cream is what he called it, but I would say it's more of a guava pudding tasted very artificial. I did not eat it. My hubby got the turtle cheesecake and although it was good, it felt like a little bit like a supermarket cheesecake. I supposed I would think there might be choices such as Brazilian style flan instead of cheesecake. 

Regardless the food was top notch as was the service.
Came here when they had recently opened and been coming back ever since. This restaurant is located on E. Flamingo nestled amongst other fine dining restaurants so why choose this place? well, because if you love meat and have a huge appetite then this is the place for you. Plus you will benefit of trying a Brazilian restaurant.

They offer a salad bar with a variety of salads, imported cheese, fresh vegetables, artisan breads and cured meats plus your sides such as rice and beans. At your table you will get the mashed potatoes, crispy fried polenta, caramelized bananas and of course the pao de qeuijo (warm cheese bread). Now for the meats, they have 11 different types of meat to include beef, pork, chicken and lamb. Their signature steak is the Picanha which is just so moist and full of flavor. They have all these male servers that bring the meat to you in skewers. 

It's such a unique and fun experience and if you never experienced something like this before then definitely give it a try. I will also recommend, if you don't have a huge appetite then come for lunch as it's half the price of dinner and you will still benefit everything they have during dinner hours. Don't overload on the salad bar either so you can save room for the different types of meats.

Lastly, let me just recommend their signature drink, the Caipirinha. so good!
My husband and I made the right decision in picking this place to host our wedding reception.  I couldn't have been more pleased by the level of service and quality of food.  Ricci was amazing and was so accomodating.  The Gauchos kept the food and drinks coming and everyone had an amazing time.  We go to Fogo every time we're in Vegas and will continue to be loyal customers.  Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
Great food and ambiance.  The only down side is the extremely high cost of dinner which doesn't include beverages.
Yum, Yum, Yum is all I can say! Best Brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to, and I've been to a few. The decor itself is accommodating to the ambiance in the restaurant. The bar is elegant and have the best drinks there, even though I only drink beer, it's the best to have with the meats they serve. They have over 10 choices of meat. From filet mignon to lamb to rabbit and they are all cooked perfectly. Along with the selection of meats they have their buffet of sides, salads and desserts. The price is very inexpensive $35-50 for the quality of their food, so you will be completely satisfied with the whole meal and if you're in great company, it makes the whole experience that much better! Definitely a 5+ star recommendation!
1) no prices are offered - the meat/salad bar is $51/person, cocktains about $12 each
2) starve yourself before going...seriously!
3) eat at a leisurely pace - I made the mistake of eating at the pace that the meat slicers are working
4) 95% of the offerings (including the bread on the table) are gluten free
5) may wish to arrive later than 5:30pm - seemed that not all of the meats were prepared (we never saw the chicken or ribs)
Holy Meat on a Stick!!!
After a long 3rd day at CES (Consumer Electronics Show) in Vegas, my company and I indulged ourselves with some Brazillian AYCE steakhouse meats. I made reservations and we came in as a large party. The staff was very accommodating and led us to a big table.

After some wine, everyone headed to the salad bar except me. I wanted to start with the meat!! Way to be unique right? So there I was by myself at this huge table eating an outrageous amount of meat. Unfortunately, I got sick of the meat fast. It was good and all but I think I just wasn't in the mood for that much meat. I flipped over my card and headed to the salad bar afterwards.

The salad bar was decent and had a good amount of food to choose from but similar to the meat, nothing really stood to me. I loaded my plate with a couple of items and headed back. 

Dessert, on the other hand, was delicious and very nicely served in a fancy glass topped with a beautiful flower. Of course we stuck the flower in someone's ear and instagramed a photo.

Nice place overall, but I didn't feel as though it was anything extraordinary. It may have been my appetite that day so I have to give it a second try one of these days.

*** 3.5 stars rounded down this time for the lack of wow factor.
Staff was great. Food was great. Lots of options for any pallet. We spent two hours there on Sunday night sampling all the meat options. Very attentive staff.
This is the best Brazilian place I have been to. I have been to one in Toronto, and this out succeeds by far. Go for lunch as it is the same menu. Seems many famous people eat here. Service is unbelievable, they ask how you like your meat, and then seem to have most cuts at that doneness. Wish they would bring an outlet to Toronto, as the similar places are not the same quality. Go here, and don't go to the casino buffets!!!
Yum! 

The only downside is the way they swarm you when you first get there. 

By design maybe to get you full fast. But was probably the quickest meal my friends and I have ever had in Vegas.  

I took my time but they were done in 10 minutes. Hahahah. 

Fav at this location was 
Pork rib
The brisket cut 
The lamb butterfly

Stay Away from ribeye no flavor compared to other steak houses.  

And I was bummed out by beef rib. Was dry compared to Texas de Brazil
If you have never been to a Brazilian BBQ place you will probably love Fogo. For the purpose of this review I am comparing the Las Vegas Fogo to other Brazilian BBQ places and in that regard it falls a little short. I have been to Fogo in Atlanta, Dallas, Minneapolis, and Los Angeles as well as several other similar restaurants (Chima, Via Brazil, Texas de Brazil etc). 

I will say this- I have been about four times and it is definitely improving- the worst visit was my first. During that visit service was very bad (compared to other Fogos) , there was an odd smell in the entire restaurant, and the sides all arrived cold each time. The meat service was sporadic both in terms of availability and quality.

When I go to Fogo here is what I want- I want nothing but outside pieces with a nice crust, I want the meat to be sliced nice and thin and I don't want to get 10 meats all at once and then nothing for a 15 minute stretch. At this Fogo there were big gaps between the meats, the slicing was done rather clumsily, and some of the meat hadn't been cooked properly so there was no crust. Some of the Gauchos also would keep circulating the meats after the outside pieces had all been cut off which is a big no no in my book. 

The times I have been back since then the quality has definitely improved. If you cut out that first visit my rating would be 4 stars instead of 3. I have been for lunch and dinner and I think the dinner service is better- they seem to have more people working and the meat is generally better prepared.
I've been to Fogo de Chao in Beverly  Hills so I knew what to expect. I think compared to other churrascarias, Fogo tends to be way saltier with their meats. However, the quality of the food met my expectations. I think their salad bar was ok. Wasn't a huge fan of the hot items at the bar. The service was almost too good in that we had like 5 servers standing around waiting on us....I prefer Agora Churrascaria in Irvine, CA. Their hot items are delish and meat is not as salty. And they have this kale/greens side dish that just goes perfectly with the meat!
excellent as always.  A great dining experience if you like meat.  five stars for consistency.  I have had the same dining experience in Sao Paolo, Brazil, Minneapolis, MN, Atlanta, GA and Las Vegas, NV.  
Usually, I would consider this boring and typical of chain restaurants like Chilli's, but when the experience is so AWESOME, you want it to be repeated and they deliver!!
Fogo de chao I heard of this place from my mother in law. Which is amazing it's take what you get it. My favorite is the bacon wrapped filet, I have been picky with my 5 stars but this place deserves it, if they ever offer pineapple it will be complete... Make a reservation we waited 1 hour + on a Monday night
Liked this place a lot. Food was good service was excellent. The drink selection is amazing! And you have to try their chocolate cake! Will be back for sure.
Great service.  Best Lamb chop and sirloin in town hands down. Worth every penny. I'm so impressed! Will definitely come back again. :)
The visits only get better! Our second time to eat here and fourth at a Brazilian Steakhouse. The salad bar is incredible and quality (be sure to try the Kale and Mandarin Salad) although we restrain ourselves to leave enough room for the main reason for coming here. The magnificent meat selection and preparation was only outdone, this visit, by the service. The meats, the sides and even the dessert were excellent. The Flank Steak (as funny as that may seem) and the Flan were the clear winners of the night.
Our server Diego, as well as the complete staff, made sure we wanted for nothing and had a tremendous experience. 
At the onset, this may seem like a 'pricey' place but as I look back on several places in Vegas we've eaten and the cost of those meals the 'bargain' at this Fogo is an experience not to be missed! You will not be disappointed!
Food is amazing service is better than Ruth Chris
So let's just start with the service it was top notch! I wish my wife had been with us but she had to fly back home on Monday. Our server explained everything to us Ricardo came over to check on us and no shortage of food! The salad bar alone is to die for everything fresh and many choices! You could make a meal out of the salad bar alone! We were always asked which meat we wanted and how we wanted it! Our server from the prime rib loft should take a lesson from these folks on customer service! If it comes down to saving 15.00 bucks on a meal or coming hear I say Fogo all the way! The chocolate lava cake was fantastic! 2hr dinner with friends with a great atmosphere we were treated like house guests just amazing!
Fogo me??  Fogo YOU!!  Now now.  Let's all Fogo de Chao.  

This was my first Brazilian wax.  I mean... steakhouse.   Love the concept.  You sit at the table and wait for them to bring out all kinds of goodness (bacon-wrapped filet, sirloin, chicken, etc.).  If you likey, you take your tongs and grab a piece.  It's kind of like being at a strip club, though, where they shove a huge thing of meat in your face and... WHAT THE HELL AM I SAYING!!!!  Constant pressure to wave them off. "I'm fine, thanks.  I just can't fit it all in my mouth.  It's way too big... and... and... nevermind."

A few tips before you go (and you should)...

1. Ignore the salad bar.  Focus on the prize.
2. Load up on the beef rib.  The other cuts are tasty, but you want the rib.  Trust me.
3. Drink lots of wine to block out all the debauchery
4. Unbutton your pants
5. Lose all inhibitions.  EAT THAT MEAT!

I need to go to church now.
Hmmm.  I really liked this place.  My only experience was with Texas de Brazil.  If you're after the MEAT, mostly BEEF, YouGo to FoGo.  It's simply better.  Not so salty.  Their sausage is terrible.  Avoid!  But, I must repeat, their beef is pretty much perfection.  You can pay $50 for a steak on the strip or eat as much ribeye, fillet and amazing sirloin as you want here.  You MUST get reservations if you're going on a weekend night.  We did, luckily.  They were saying a 3-hour wait to folks who had cabbed it from the Strip.  Ugh.  We walked right in and sat down.  I kinda felt bad.  Oh, the salad bar?  Texas de Brazil totally wins that one.  Sometimes we go there just for that.  But, if you're in it for MEAT, this is the place.  You won't be disappointed.
So disappointed in the level of customer service. I came here before with my wife, the customer service was great ...years ago.
BUT NOW.....
While the manager was over and stopped by, he asked if I had a special request. He said He can make it happen in 4 minutes. 30 mins later nothing, but the took my plate without asking. So it is not all you can eat. I am just really picky, no fat- no red. I wasn't done eating. Texas De Brazil is now far better based solely on customer service.
If you are on a Paleo diet this is the place.  Plenty of meat, it can be overwhelming at times.  I cannot believe I ate so much steak that once I went back to my Hotel room I fell into a meat coma.  I woke up the next day and Saturday night disappeared.  What a waste of a Saturday night.  Good thing I was in Vegas and every night is a party night.
This place rocks. I live it and the food is very delicious! Plus they gave us free dessert since it was our anniversary.
Went there for Valentines day 
Not as impressed with the salad bar.. its was ok.  
Everything else was great. Good steak and good service
I eat here often.  They have great customer service and quality food.
Best of the best. Ask for the beef rib thats not in the menu and skip the salad bar. It doesn't get any better than this place for meat.
Holy crap!! This place is amazing! Me and the hubbie were in Vegas a couple weeks ago and we decided to dine at this restaurant. The food was delicious...the staff were amazing. Everyone were so attentive, they actually stopped at our table to talk to us. The manger and chef made their way to us as well. 

Our bill came out to $220 that included drinks and tips...so worth it! It was an amazing experience for both of us. We both enjoyed it!
The two stars is for the salad bar. I haven't been to a Brazilian Steakhouse since going to Yolie's back when it first opened. I don't remember it being that great, probably why I haven't been back. Since that was close to 20 years ago, I decided I want to try this place for my birthday (was going to go to Envy Steakhouse). Nice interior. Great salad bar. But I was SO DISAPPOINTED with the overcooked, dry meats! I can honestly say that every thing I tried was dry! Oh the beef wasn't dry - JUST RAW! The only meat that I liked was the garlic beef I believe. The ribeye was sliced so thin and lacked flavor or marbling. The bacon wrapped beef was RAW, the bacon wrapped chicken was DRY as EFF! And the ultimate foul was the  ovecooked, DRYASEFF Lamb t-bones! A travesty! I didn't even eat it! The rib was tasty just wanted some dipping sauce! For the price, I can not recommend. Well, I can't recommend AT ALL!  The waiters were attentive to our needs, although I would have liked a new plate. I just expected not-burnt  or raw meat to be served at a churrascaria! BOO!

Oh the Brazilian lemonade is the SHEE-YAT! The sides were bland.
I thought the food was great.  Until I got hellacious food poisoning. I spent the entire next day hurling my guts up from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.  Not fun.
Apparently there is a few places like this in Vegas, but this is the best. The salad and side dishes buffet is complete and delicious. The meat is great. Service is awesome.
The price is high though like most things in Vegas. I can give you a good tip still to get the best out of this, be social and interact with your servers, talk to them, let them know how you like your meats cooked, they will go above and beyond to satisfy you. Do not act like Zombies as this couple next to us did last week.
Great salad bar and great meat!  Much better than Texas. Service is amazing as well. Couldn't be happier!  My fav was the lamb and the bottom sirloin!
This is probably the closest thing a real Brazilian churrascaria. Growing up in Brazil we used to go to this type of restaurant on a regular basis. The Salad bar is amazing and has enough selection for all types of eaters, even vegetarians. The meat selection is amazing, always cooked to perfection, right amount of seasoning and they will bring you whatever you want and at the temperature that you like. I highly recommend trying. Traditional Caipirinha! They are so good and good for you too!
One word...WOW!!  My sister and I were going to be in LV for my birthday and after looking at reviews for all the Brazilian Steakhouses there, she decided we were going to try Fogo.  We were definitely not disappointed!  We were warmly greeted by a woman (sorry, I didn't get her name) who seated us and proceeded to explain how the system works.  We knew we were in for a dining adventure!  For starters we had Brazilian limeades...they were fabulous!!  We were then greeted by the manager (Ricardo), he made us feel like family.  On to the salad bar, everything there was perfect to accompany the long list of beef, pork, and chicken choices.  My favorites were the grilled eggplant and asparagus.  Back at the table, we flipped over our service rounds to green (green for GO; orange for HOLD UP) and was immediately surrounded by several gentlemen all offering skewers of delectable delights.  When they are slicing, you are given tongs to receive your choice, so interactive!  After the first serving, we flipped our service rounds back over to orange and proceeded to enjoy our selections.  The woman who initially seated us, came by and asked us what else we wanted to try.  We asked for more beef and also the pork ribs, she immediately flagged down two servers to come to our table (and we didn't even have to flip our services rounds!).  Ricardo also came by again to ask us how it was going and to wish me a happy birthday!  Aside from mentioning my birthday while reserving my table through Open Table, we had not mentioned celebrating my birthday to anyone at the restaurant.  After another round of meat and another trip to the salad bar, we were done!  But not yet!  A server came by with a special birthday dessert...crme brulee topped with blueberries and strawberries with a separate plate with Happy Birthday written around the plate and a strawberry with a candle in it!  Ricardo came by again with a couple more Happy Birthday wishes, I felt so special!  It was an outstanding dining experience made all the more special by the great food and exceptional service!  If you're ever in LV and want to try the Brazilian Steakhouse, make a point for going to Fogo de Chao, you will not be disappointed!
The salad bar, meat assortment and service is out of this world! I spilled on my shirt and they brought me a shout-out wipe, A SHOUT-OUT WIPE! The meat is marinated and cooked to perfection and desired type ie: rare, medium etc... I removed 1 star because of the price for dinner. Lunch is well priced at half the dinner and is the same food!
Good Service, Good food.
Great bananas! (No, seriously though, best bananas ever.) Service is fast...almost too fast..."I'm getting hammered with meat." Pork ribs are some of the best I've had. Prime sirloin is fantastic, as are the lamb chops. The sides are pretty good, but the salad bar is not my favorite...some of the options (the prosciutto especially) tasted old and dried out. Overall a really good experience though...just steer clear of the salad bar!
Excellent service!
Many amazing cuts of meat....the bacon wrapped filet was my overall favorite.
Would do it again.... had a great time.
I went here for my friends birthday for lunch and for lunch it's pretty reasonably priced. Also if you're doing a low-carb or no carb diet you can really score here. However the carbs did tempt me....
Meat eaters paradise. Been to numerous brazilian restaurants and this chain is the best. Food quality is top notch. Salad bar is also high quality. Servers are always bringing stuff you like. Price is alittle pricey, but its still cheaper or cost the same as most buffets in Vegas
Great food, great service, this place rocks!
The manager comes by two three times making sure your dinning experience is what it should be or he will fix it ASAP and will greet you as you leave he is on the ball, and Amanda I think maybe an assistant manager will snap her fingers to please ( not literally) but she'll get the job done you want an expresso bam u got expresso u want top prime cooked rare bam and anything else they offer so yeah service was excellent and the food well let's just say gluttony a sin we live in Las Vegas sin city I know I sinned last night truly a steak lovers paradise  thank you Fogo De Chao for a great evening
My wife insisted that we have dinner here with the kids and I'm glad that she did. This is my new go-to place whenever we're in Vegas and want steak. Their meats were top-notch and the atmosphere was great. I would still dine at other Las Vegas steakhouses but this would be my first choice from now on.
Texas de brazil wins hands down . The meat was dry . The pao de queijo was good . Overall it sucked . Sorry but I recommend everybody go to Texas de brazil
There are plenty of quality meats to be enjoyed here,  but it is difficult to avoid filling up on the cheap stuff.   I recommend the filet, the flank and the lamb chops.  Everything else was simply OK.  The salad bar was clean and attractive, but personally, I just saw it as filler.  I came for meat!

Service was remarkably inconsistent.  Our first waiter was borderline worthless.  It was difficult to get his attention when our entire table had empty drinks.  Strangely (and fortunately), he disappeared mid-meal, to be replaced by a waitress who was absolutely top notch.  She was astonishingly quick to fulfill or every need.  Without her, this review would have been 3 stars.  In the end, it still felt a little overpriced, but hey, this is Vegas baby.
Chose to go here for an anniversary dinner for both my husband and I, and my mother and step-father. We were not disappointed.

The salad bar is spectacular. Cured meats, cheeses, vegetables, fruits, soups, and different salads are all present. Buffalo mozzarella and manchego cheese are two of my personal favorites. 

The waiters provide you with an extensive spit-roasted meat selection, perfectly seasoned. While I do not eat red meat, the chicken and pork were cooked to perfection and even the flank steak was good. The garlic sirloin is the best meat there. 

The waitstaff were professional, polite, and attentive to customers. Our glasses were never empty, and the manager came over twice to ensure our experience was top-notch. He also did not charge for my children (all 3 of them) which was surprising and very appreciated!
GREAT Service and delicious!  Texas De Brazil was a 2 hour wait on Father's Day so we were like hell ta-da no.  I'm glad we came to Fogo De Chao because I ended up liking it more than Texas De Brazil.  The staff was amazing--always checking up on us. They cleared our plates and refilled us consistently.  We felt like royalty!  Food was fresh and well prepared.  Loved their huge salad bar, however I wished they had soup or bisque like T.D.B.  Pricing was a little higher than T.D.B but by a couple dollars.  I'd say it was well worth it.
I was part of a 36 person wedding party that was accommodated in a party room. This place was just perfect for this occasion, great host and friendly wait staff. Gauchos on the other hand were a bit grumpy, maybe because they cut meat all night? That's my only negative. Salad bar is amazing with all types of Brazilian salad, try the basil pesto salad dressing, it's to die for. Meat galore, do not hesitate to tell a gaucho to send a specific cut if meat.
From the time you walk in, to the time your done it's an amazing experience. The salad bar is the way to start your meal, but if your vegetarian or vegan, it's a perfect salad bar for you. As for meat eaters, the meat is delicious. The drinks are to die for. And the deserts are amazing. They also added fish to the menu, so there is something for everyone. Perfect date night.
The ambiance is awsome waiters are very accommodating to our needs when it comes to the meat temperature to sum it up this place is a beautiful to bring friends and family .
They have the absolute best salad I've ever tried. It has EVERYTHING! I would go there just for the salad bar! And the presentation is so grand! The meats were pretty good. I like the fact that you can choose a piece if meat cooked anyway you like and the chimichurri is so good. My glands are salivating just thinking about it.
Absolutely stunning. Love the atmosphere, relaxing brazilian music at a subdued volume, friendly and very polite waiters and gauchos, and the tables are situated at a nice distance from each other.

The food is basically perfect, every cut of meat was seasoned perfectly and was quite flavorful. The sides and appetizers are also good (esp the caramelized banana) but of course the best approach is to save space for more meat :)

I wish there was one in my area (northern California) but when I travel I always try to go.
What an excellent dining experience!!! $400 dollars for 4 people, with lots of drinks. The meats were AMAZING....Flank steak, ribeye and filet were my favorite. Salad bar was really good quality too. The service was excellent. Love this place will be going back.
Meat, mo meat, all kindz of meat.. This place is meat heaven i just dont understand why they have a salad bar but thays just me...polenta is killer , fried banana is excellent and the cheese bread,.. Addictive.. Ribeye, wow... I took my friend here ( hes a meat guy) he dubbed it "best meal ever"... Pork ribs are awesome too.. I literally got drunk from eating meat here( real talk) $52 not bad at all for dinner in Las Vegas..two tips ,: take metamucil or something and maybe a lipitor.. Dontbworry itll be worth it...
The best part about Fogo de Chao is its reliability. No matter what location you go to, the food is always consistently delicious.

It's great to try the different cuts and varieties of steaks, pork, lamb and chicken. 

Solid wine list and full bar available.  

It seems funny doting over the salad bar at carnivore's paradise, but it is one of my favorites anywhere. Prosciutto, cheeses, grilled zucchini, artichoke hearts... You can get super creative and find yourself enjoying a well balanced meal. Or, you can gorge yourself on the cheesy bread, steak and fried bananas. However you do it, you'll leave satisfied.
Sadly, the salad bar was the best part. The sliced meat was ok, but I've had better at similar style restaurants. I was disappointed in the service,  as I was with a group of Chinese and there were some language barriers.  Most restaurants in Las Vegas seem to be able to handle this type of issue without any service problems,  but here the employees were noticeably impatient. In one instance, when asked about one of the menu items (the chicken) the word "chicken" was very clear when the question was asked. The waiter repeated it about 5 times to "confirm", but it just came off as petty and intolerant.  Considering the $600 check, I thought that was a bit unfortunate.
Really good food.
Salad bar is awesome and the bread is killer. Service was good (other than a major screw up by our waiter that I will explain below), and it was noisy but not overly so. Plus, we were sharing the dining room with the San Antonio Spurs (a perfect place to bring those big dudes!)

The meat was good, but not all cuts were equal in quality. My filet mignon was to die for, as was the lamb shank, but the sirloin was tough. That's really all I can comment of beef wise because it's all I tasted. 

This leads me to my missing stars. I had gastric bypass 9 months ago, so I eat like a small child, sometimes less. We went to this restaurant because my husband wanted Brazilian BBQ for his bday, so I was aiming to please. I told the waiter about my restrictions and asked if there was a smaller portion option or another option all together. He informed me that they had unlimited sea bass as an option but that was it. That doesn't help me because "unlimited" will still be a waste of money when it comes to my stomach. Ok fine, I guess I'll just go with the beef. I was going to waste my money anyway. After we paid the bill, I said to my husband, "I would come back if I could just do the salad bar. There is plenty of protein there and it satisfied me without needing the meat, and that way you could come for the meat and we would waste $51.50 on me." A nearby server overheard and said, "Oh, you can do just salad bar, it's $28.99" Really?! I asked for other options BEFORE the meal... I kinda feel like I was scammed out of my $22. Beef is hard to digest, so I literally ate 3 bites. They knew I had by always having my "red coaster" up while my husband was on "green" the whole time. So he knew I wasn't eating. The kind thing to do would have been to charge me a child's rate. The RIGHT thing to do would have been to answer me honestly when I asked for options since they weren't on the menu. Puts a really bitter taste in our mouths, and for that reason alone, we probably won't be back. All your waiter has to say was, "Yes, there are options... We can't charge you for a child, but in addition to our sea bass, we have a salad bar only option." That's it. And for that you lost a customer. Kinda sad. 

I realize that at a buffet there is only one option (which is why I only go to those when
husband is in the mood, otherwise it doesn't make sense for me). But it is up front, and I know I'm throwing my money away by going. The difference here is that there apparently are options and when I nicely asked for the available options at Fogo, I wasn't given them until my bill was paid. That's bad business. :(
I agree wholeheartedly with Sharon G's assessment. I haven't been lucky to visit the ones in Brazil, but Viva Brazil and Tropeiro in Glasgow are mighty impressive. This place seriously suffers by comparison with them. The salad bar is no good, although we had better luck on the meat front, with the chicken hearts proving quite entertaining little morsels.

What I hope is the case is that this is the first of many churrascaria places that open in Edinburgh, as it's a style of dining that I really enjoy. Fingers crossed!

Overall, we said: "the meat on offer at Zico's was very tasty. The "salad bar" was rather disappointing, so those with a previous acquaintance with the churrascaria experience won't be blown away by this place. But I'm glad that Edinburgh now has one of these, and imagine we'll get another few appearing, in the next few months. Very well suited to group dining, this place will do just fine, and has a solid opportunity to improve from a good starting point."
While I've never done charascuria in Brazil or Glasgow for that matter.. I have been to one in Auckland which operates on a much much bigger scale than Zico's.

Unlike the others, I didn't feel TOO let down by the salad bar.. there was a varied selection and let's be honest, you don't go to a charascuria for the salad! There was a good potato salad and an apple & celery salad which did wonders to help cut through the richness of all the meant!

The hot sides weren't the best... There was beans, two types of rice, fries (probably NOT traditional) some noodle stuff & some rather over cooked broccoli & cauliflower.. 

The meat selection was quite varied.. with lamb, rib, pork, pork with parmesan, gammon, steak, pork & leek sausages, chicken hearts & chicken wings... We quite enjoyed everything with the standouts being the gammon - it was glazed in honey or something sweet and kept the moisture in the meat. The chicken hearts were little morsels of yum and the wings were grilled to perfection, tasty and moist! Which could not be said about the pork... in either of its options... it was overcooked and very very dry.

My favourite was most definitely the grilled pineapple tho!

We went as a group of 4 on an offer from itison, so found it VERY good value for money as we only paid 10/head and even got a caipirinha each as well! I think they were hoping we'd get extra drinks or dessert but as we'd had drinks beforehand and filled up on much too much protein, no one had room for anything else! I opted for another slice of grilled pineapple as dessert!

Not sure I would venture back at full price.. though I wouldn't rule it out if someone else really wanted to go.

Definitely bring your appetites!!
Meat comes in cycles...
Later cuts are juicier!
Service can be slow...
Armed with a voucher we decided that that was a great excuse to try some Brazilian food. Especially on a dreary day in October, we were in need of some warming food and atmosphere. 

First of the location; it is right opposite the EICC on Morrison Street. We tried to find a place to have some pre drinks - which was not possible as there is nothing close to this restaurant. Not their fault, obviously, but it would have been nice.  

The entrance is on first impression on the outside is ..eh.. Purple. on the inside you are forgiven to think you stepped into a 1990's IKEA canteen. They have the entrance section close to the buffet and churrascaria grilling station. 

The voucher meals are in 2 sittings between 6-8pm and 8-10pm - we had the former.

We were explained how it works: you go to the buffet, select salads, sauces rice, fries etc.. that you can take to your table. The staff will come round with various stacks of meat. Sausages, chicken, lamb, pork, chicken hearts, Parmesan pork, beef from the rib, rump steak, honey glazed gammon and possible more..

The buffet had the usual varieties of salad, olives, peppers, beetroot and warm rice dishes, stroganoff (hey they must have loads of leftovers meat that could not be carved anymore, so not too surprising) 
I was pleased with the condiments - good harissa like chili paste was my favourite!

in order to protect yourself from a meat overdose and inefficient meat offerings from the staff you are provided with a disk. One side RED the other side GREEN.
When you turn the disk to green, you indicate to the meat-barer that you are open for that offering. Red obviously means 'not now' or eventually 'finished' 

it is a good system. We took the advise from former visitors that reviewed it and did not overdo the buffet, nor the first offerings of meat. it was rewarded with a few nice cuts of medium rare rump and some succulent honey gammon nearer the end of the sitting. We did notice that the skin (tougher) parts were always offered first. After a while I caught on and asked for more succulent parts to be cut - as I am the the one eating it I like my cuts to be pleasant! 

Finished off with a couple of Brahmas (Brazilian Beer) we were proper full.

Would I go back, possibly when asked, but not seeking it out as a special visit. Their perceived tactics of "fill em up before the nicer meats come out" is a little too obvious. The price I paid on the voucher was just about worth it.
Meat ,Meat and more meat!!! 

This is the second time i have visited Zico's and being honest I wasnt as impressed the second time round, however thats not to say i didnt enjoy it! With an all you can eat Brazillian Rodizio where can you really go wrong?!
First of all id like to say that the mean served here ( mainly beef) was tender and delicious!! moist and yummy, and not tough or dry at all! We were even offered warm cinnamon Pinapple and i dont even like warmed up fruit really! Its No BYOB anymore but drinks arent too expensive! We got out  meal on a Itison deal and i woulod defintatley go back. The owner came to say hello to us and the waitresses serving were pleasent. If you like a good feast on meat then go! Worth a visit and a 5 min walk from haymarket :)
Absolutely blown away with this restaurant. First time in haymarket side of Edinburgh and this place was recommended by another guest at the same hotel. We took a chance and boy are we glad we did. Perfect location staff who could not do enough for you and food that quite simply topped anything I had eaten in the last year. Not for veg lovers! Tried some new things and be sure to try the warm pineapple with cinnamon. Even I was surprised by how good it was! Price more than reasonable and a cosy welcoming environment. Thumbs up from me and a firm recommendation.
I do like the starters, they r tasty. However it has very limited choice. Only 4 starters if I'm not wrong.

The MEAT, I must say I am bit disappointed with it, they do have a large range of roasted meats, but u can't expect too much on the taste, some of them r overcooked even burned , some of them r too salty, I only find the sweet pork and beef rib r nice. Average waiting time between each roast coming is far too long, we were like wait there and have nothing to eat, the staffs r nice though.

We don't have a voucher so it's like 20 quids pp, which is bit overvalued given the quality of meat, however if u r a meat lover with a discount voucher , it's certainly wonderful place for ur nights out.
This is one for when you're not in a hurry. Service can be a bit slow but it's worth the wait for all the different cuts off meat. 
You can't order anything specific but it's great for trying lots of different things. 
The salad bar isn't anything spectacular but is a nice accompaniment to the meat, which is really the star of the show.
Meat fest!!! This was my forth time at Zico's....no I am not an addict!!!

Everytime this little gem appears on Groupon well I am all over it. The deal is normally all you can eat Buffet 19 for 2 people for a 2hr sitting. Cannie grumble with that...well not me certainily ive been 4 times he heee. 

This time service was a struggle! the world cup was on , lots of men in eating them out of business and was very crowded, so services was alot slower than normal, so i suggest that you go mid week or on a Friday. We enjoyed our meal. I still have alot of faith in this place, hence the 4 stars. Would I go here and pay full price? Nah probably not, Will I buy another voucher? Oh probably.
Why isn't this even listed on yelp?
Tupiniquium is a little friendly green hut at the corner of teviot and the royal mile, which offers fresh and healthy food and gluten free crepes.

Rehearsing at Adam house in Chamber street, I had 30 minutes to grab lunch on the go between rehearsals and the actual performance. I wanted something light, but packed with energy. It also needed to be gluten free... After seeing the nearby prices of sushi, I went for Tupiniquium. I remembered coming here once for a Romeo and Juliet crepe, reminiscent of my travels in Brazil (curd cheese with guava jam!) and it had been really excellent.

Yesterday I went for the margherita: Goats cheese, basil, sundried tomatoes, pecans, spinach, jalepenos. Everything was extremely fresh, and the gluten free crepe was just amazing. My boyfriend was determined to go for chips, but quickly developed a craving for a savoury crepe, as he saw mine being made. The guy who serves is always really friendly, and offers daily deals such as 2 nutella crepes. There were 3 juices on the menu, which were made there on the spot, as well as Brazilian cheese bread, guarana (a delicious energy drink which is more popular than coke in Brazil) and Brazilian feijoada. He makes an amazing use of space, and I can see myself returning here regularly to buy food when at uni. 

The crepe itself was absolutely delicious. It made the perfect pre-show dinner and for 4, wasn't bad, considering the quality of the ingredients. I will be back.
Is this the hardest business name to spell on Yelp and find in search? Tu-pin-iq-ui-um. Phew.

The name might be long but the place itself is very wee. It's not 'blink and you'll miss it' and it's right there, but I think it's so obviously there that people don't realise.

At the top of Middle Meadow Walk and the Quartermile, before you turn right to George Square or go straight ahead towards George IV Bridge, there's a little police box stuffed full of fresh fruit and vegetables, with wheatgrass growing on the roof, and somehow squeezed inside a griddle to make fresh, buckwheat (gluten free) pancakes. It's a little square of Brazil right at the top of the Meadows.

They have some fruit and smoothie options, although when I requested one not on the menu (just a combination of avocado, carrots, peppers, apples etc.) they were more than happy to make it. They have lots of vegetables in their juices and smoothies, more available than I've seen elsewhere, which I really like.

I haven't tried their crepes but having just bucked wheat, it turns out I CAN eat buckwheat as it's not actaully gluten-containing-wheat (confusing much?) So all their food is suitable for coeliac folk :) And the crepes look amazing too, with meat and cheese, or fruit and chocolate concoctions. More of a Brazillian than French theme (as is often the way with crepes) with many meaty fillings.

I can't wait to get a crepe then toddle along to the Meadows and sit in the sun enjoying it, maybe with an avocado smoothie on the side. This wee box is packed full of health and Brazillian sunshine, and shouldn't be so often over looked.
A great place for lunch...
A touch of Brazil in Edina...
Must go for the stew!
Great quick lunch option...
Everything is fresh, homemade...
Family owned and ran.
A great pit-stop if you are looking for something quick to eat.

I had passed the kiosk tons of times whilst heading down middle meadow walk. It does Brazilian crepes, sweet and savoury and they are gluten free. It's usually open all day at least during the week and prices range from about 3-5.

On the way to book group, I was starving after a busy day at work and figured I should have something savoury before tea and cake. My crepe was ready in a couple of minutes, well wrapped up in a paper plate and paper towel which is perfect as there is nothing worse when the bottom literally falls out of a crepe and you end up covered in filling. I opted for mozzarella, sundried tomato and basil and it was lovely. There was a decent amount of all the fillings and some salad too which made me feel vaguely healthy. No spillage at all as it stayed well wrapped as I munched my way across Edinburgh Uni.

I'll definitely pop back here when I am in the area and looking for something to eat. The girl who served me was lovely, handing me a menu when I was trying to see what was posted up. The kiosk is tiny but the space is well used - all fresh items are stored in the fridge and two hot plates means crepes can be made two at a time so I suspect if there was a queue, you wouldn't wait long.
The best crepe in town. Filled with curried chicken, avocado, a sprinkling of cheese, sweet jalapenos, and so crispy and light.

I've had juice and smoothies from this Brazillian kiosk before, and have wanted a crepe for so long. But for some reason it was always shut when I passed (Sundays mainly). Not on Monday though, oh no. I was walking home, thinking of what I could buy from Sainsburys for my lunch, when - lo! A savoury, GLUTEN FREE, crepe! Yes!

The curried chicken is plainly described on the menu, but comes with a big punch of flavour. Lots of chunky bits of chicken, with a coconut-y style, African-tasting curry. Peppers, big chunks of avocado, not too much cheese so that it's stodgy, but enough to really make it tasty.

I passed a personal trainer who I know from PureGym (we're weights pals) on the way home with it in my hand. He stopped and immediately told me he had cancelled his lunch plans to get one of those. Look at the photos I've uploaded. They don't do it justice, but you can see just how big and overflowing with flavour it was.

Get one of these in you, you won't regret it!
Pir-piri Chicken Wrap with avocado, spinach, chilli sauce and cheese! Nom nom nom nom nom!!!

Great place for a bite on the run, friendly service, fresh produce......tasty!!
I visited this place expecting to give it a 4/5 rating at least. I mean, how can you mess up a chicken n cheese crepe packed with the taste of Brazil?

We'll, here's how - 'cause this kiosk pulled it off.

Step 1: be thrifty with the food, and lay the crepe out so it looks it's got more food in it than it actually does.

Step 2: claim to bring the taste of Brazil to your customers, then give them the same old filling that they will get in any sandwich place in town.

Step 3: charge obviously more than the crepe's worth...

...et voila!
 
Now, don't get me wrong. The crepe does not taste bad at all. I had the chicken something (not the curried chicken, the other one) which was nice and juicy and I downed it in a matter of minutes. It probably is the best salty crepe in town, but in a town famous for its lack of decent creperies, that doesn't say much. 

Plus, my half-empty crepe cost almost as much as some of the biggest chicken wraps in the vicinity, which are incidentally packed with twice as much grub. As much as I enjoyed the thing, I couldn't overlook this.
Been eying this place for a while so ahead of an evening halloween ghost story lecture I popped by to check out the crepes you all  have been reviewing. 

A friendly guy  behind the counter greeted me with a smile with playing playing south american music on his guitar this kinda made my day. 

Options are juice, coffee, soft drinks and a daily list of crepes.  I opted for a chicken and cheese crepe which by the sounds of it was what Nik B had. It was pretty good for street food if I am honest and I recieved plenty of food for the 4.50. The chicken wasnt the tastiest of fillings but I  asked the kiosk fella to make it spicy so this won me over a bit more.

In short: good portionfor the price, great service but was just lacking something to push this place to a 4 star for me. Going to head back for the curry option at some point when I am in need of a quick meal.
It's pretty difficult to find gluten free food on the go, and I've all too often had to settle for the emergency food groups of chocolate and crisps to fill the hole. As anyone with dietary problems will agree, it's a bloody godsend when somewhere safe and tasty appears.

I discovered this place after they'd been open for about six months, asked tentatively about the sign that offered gluten free crepes and came close to tears when told that EVERYTHING they do is GF. Since then I've been back regularly, and have never once been disappointed (except occasionally on horrible winter days when they might not be open). 

The couple who run the box are about the nicest people you'll meet in this country, two eternally jolly Brazilians who seem to have bottled their native sunshine to spread happiness to their customers. If you have an awkward request they'll always do what they can to help, whether it's not having the avocado, asking to pick something up later, or thinking about other dietary needs.

The crepes are lovely, and it always amazes me how much they can cram into them. I'm more of a savoury person so tend to go for a meaty filling rather than something sweet but both have at different times delighted my mouth and filled up my belly. 

On Saturdays there is Feijoada, a Brazilian stew of meat and beans, served with rice and greens. I can't count how many times it's been just what I need on a miserable Edinburgh day - assuming it's not all been gobbled up by the queues of Brazilians who come out specially or it.

They also make an astonishing selection of fresh juices, often tailored to your mood, and I've seen many customers making faces of exquisite surprise when they take their first sip.

They make their own chilli sauce, which is lovely and flavoursome rather than just spicy (say yes if they offer some!), and also Brazilian style cheese balls - GF of course -  which you can even buy frozen to take home for later. 

Oh, and if you work nearby they even deliver at lunchtime!
Another day, another city and so I found myself in Edinburgh this weekend for a conference. 
As always, G has an encyclopaedic knowledge of little-known food places and highly recommended we try this little place out - and I'm glad we did!
Don't get me wrong this isn't the cheapest food outlet in the world, but there's a level of enjoyment from seeing your food cooked fresh in front of you. I had the chicken crepe and at 4.50 it was the perfect size to kill off the hunger pangs without giving me post-lunch lethargy.
Lovely fresh food cooked in front of you, for less than a high street takeaway meal. I'll have that!
Tupiniquim is THE place for crepes in Edinburgh.

I ventured to this place on a cold, rainy February's day, wanting to try something new. When I arrived there were probably at least 6 people waiting outside so there was a queue. I thought it was a good sign, people queuing for something delicious. 

Tupiniquim is based in a small police box just on the edges of Meadows and a cheerful Brazilian took my order almost immediately. They have a list of daily pancakes with some interesting fillings such as steak pancake, marguerita and chicken curry piri piri. Also sweet options are available e.g. lemon & sugar. I decided to try the chicken curry piri piri one.

It was at least 10 minutes wait for my crepe, but boy was it worth it! The filling was generous and in addition to chicken there was spinach, avocado, peppers and cheese plus additional jalapenos (optional). I really enjoyed it and next time I want to try out the sweet 'Monkey Delight' that consists of bananas, chocolate and nuts. 

I paid 4.80 for my crepe, quite happily as it beats an ordinary sandwich any day.
GO THERE. Gluten free deliciousness. I was so impressed. And they made it dairy free too (by using an almond milk mixture and replacing cheese with pumpkin). Fresh ingredients and really tasty crepe to hold it all together. Do yourself a flavour. I had chicken curry one, partner had sausage. We both loved it and will be going back tomorrow!
I absolutely love this place! My husband and I decided to branch out and try other Brazilian steakhouses. I thought they were good and then we went back to TDB and there was no comparison! There salad bar is way better than the other places we tried. Service is always very good as well. Loyal fan!
if you love meat then this place is made specially for you, prepare to be swarmed by carvers generously serving various cuts of seasoned beef, filet mignon (bacon covered or by itself) , lamb, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage, all accompanied by traditional side items and house-baked Brazilian cheese bread (which by the way is  awesome when dipped into their lobster bisque) , so much food you want to come back and try it all, great list wines and awesome deserts, the ambiance is great for casual, business, celebration and romantic occasions.
We had dinner with my husband and my son here. So disappointed with the service our server Anne D never attend to our needs we have to ask her couple of times or get it ourselves. She never initiate to offer us anything we were at the table for more than 20 minutes she never offer anything then I asked her to give us drinks, caramelized banana and mashed potato even if we already asked her she didn't pay attention to it we have to ask her again.