I admit that I don't drink beer.  And yes, this is a brewery.  I've heard they have good beer, but what I'm reviewing now is their food.  

And their 'appetizer' food is pretty darn amazing. (Although expensive as chain food goes)

I can heartily recommend their pub tips (beef in a nice thick brown sauce with mash potatoes).

And if you stay even just a short while (to enjoy a cold one or something) you have to at least try their Asiago cheese dip.  I've had this several times with my wife, and it's amazing.  It's served warm, with bits of small sliced bread to dip in the sauce.  It compliments a quiet conversation quite nicely.

They have bar seating with TVs, or quieter 'booth' seating that is more appropriate for families or quiet dates with your significant other.  

If you like people watching (and it's cool out) they have outdoor seating that faces the interior of Desert Ridge, and also has nice views of a fountain.

They may have a line in the evenings, but it's generally worth the wait.
Disappointing. Rock Bottom has all the makings of a quality bar and grill but just doesn't deliver quite like I thought it would.

At places like this, I have two main expectations: 1) Good beer with lots of it on tap. 2) Good bar food. And it goes one for two. The beer is tasty and cold, as it should be, but the bar food didn't do it for me. Burgers are a little awkward, think greasy bar burgers with bleu cheese. It just didn't float my boat. 

The service is always good and it's a better place to drink than to eat, even the desserts and appetizers are good, just not an all-around contender for favorite bar and grill.
Tried Rock Bottom tonight before a movie and I thought it was ok.
I had the Lemon Grilled Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus.  Everything was very yumm, but Rock Bottom just didn't make enough of an impression on me. If I was obsessed with beer maybe it would have gone over better. Restaurant ambiance and menu were very typical and neither were impressive. However my crazy friend Megan ordered Buffalo Fajitas, yes real buffalo steak, so that was a cool menu option. 
Now I can add Buffalo to the list of crazy things Ann Marie has eaten.

p.s Buffalo tastes a lot like steak.
I have been to Rock Bottom at Desert Ridge countless times...before a movie, after a movie and now for happy hour/dinner with friends.  It's a cozy place considering its size and Scottsdale-ish location.  The happy hour menu was actually really impressive.
Typically this kind of place is to polished and "Scottsdale" to even be worth a review, but the menu and beer make it a bit different...
Food:  Happy hour for $3!  Come on!   I got a 10 inch pizza for $3 and fries  for $0.99....And they weren't bad at all, I'd actually get it again...My wife got a salad with chicken that was fairly decent...
Beer:  For a "micro brew" ( I use the word lightly as a chain can't really be micro...That's like me saying that I'm punk, but selling 5 million records nationally... ) it's not bad...El Hefe is quite good and the Pale Ale is good, but not bitter enough...
This place gets 4 stars and not 3 for the price and decent selection alone.
Meh... the only reason I even stepped foot into Rock Bottom is because I had a lunch meeting and it was at the suggestion of my dining companion. I used to go to Rock Bottom in Atlanta every now and then and it was ok... especially if you go for beer / happy hour.  I going to be blunt here right now though:  this place sucks!

Luckily, I enjoyed the company of those that I dined with, otherwise, it would've been a miserable experience!  Thanks for that, Miranda and Ken (if you happen to read this!)  

I had their cobb salad and it was pretty average although the turkey in it was nasty.  Our waitress was slow as hell.  The atmosphere (keep in mind we were there for lunch) was nothing special.  Rock Bottom is the reason that I'm not big on chains.  I don't think I'll be returning.  Even if I'm stuck at Desert Ridge, there are plenty of other dining options that are far superior to Rock Bottom (CPK, Yardhouse, Rubios, and more).

Sorry, RB - had to do it...
It's pretty ballsy to think you can get away with only serving your own beer. ...especially considering they're not all that great.
This place is only good for it's beer. Their food is unimaginative and boring. Their hand crafted beer is where it's at. 

Brian Helton, their brewmaster, knows his stuff. He has some beer medals to prove it. The Roadrunner Porter, Raptor Red and Stout are some of the best beers of their style out there. Brian's seasonal brews are top notch as well. 
The wait staff is wish-washy on service. Bad nights are common, with slow service. 
I was a regular there for 4 years, so I had semi special treatment. 
Also, if you are in the service industry, this is the place for you. After 10pm, show your paystub or food handlers card, and get $2.25 pints. 

All in all, Great place to throw back some pints, and grab a snack. I wouldn't go there for just dinner.
Brian Helton is the brewmaster here, and he probably makes the best beer of all the Rock Bottom locations in Phoenix.  By this I mean the seasonal offerings, and his are top notch.  This Rock Bottom location has his amazing milk stout instead of the less than spectacular stout served at other locations.

Food has gone downhill over the years as they've tried to improve the menu.  It all started with removing the asiago cheese dip, then bringing it back, then removing it again.  They ditched the portabello on ciabatta, which was my regular entree with fries.  Bad move.

Some of the appetizers are unique and worthwhile.  Happy hour isn't such a great deal.  Mug club has good perks for early on in your visits, but once you're passed the early rewards there's little to look forward to.  I have 100+ visits and it's just not fun any longer.
So now they've nixed the potstickers, the asiago dip, the portabella sandwich, and the fried mozz appetizers.  They also changed their fries away from the thinner variety to a more traditional & common medium thickness.  They just can't get it right, can they?

Beers are the only reason to come back.  Who knows what they'll do with the menu next?!
So if you know me you know I love beer! I really wish I was one of those people that hated beer sometimes but Dear God I love beer!! I think its in my genetic code to love beer from both sides of my family. I'll admit if it wasnt for the beer I'd probably never come here but kids eat free on Mon & Tues. that means what??? You guessed it more BEER for ME!!! I did the beer sampler and fyi the tea here is a ripoff just drink beer. BEER ONLY!!! Got it???!?! 

I had the NEW Mahi Tacos: Chile grilled they are wrapped in soft white corn tortillas with homemade pineapple slaw and fresh cilantro. Served with black beans, ancho chile rice and fresh pico de gallo.  -- My only gripe was the corn tortillas they tasted like paper but the rest was pretty delicous I was upset I couldn't eat all three tacos. You could easily share this plate between two gal pals! 

Kid made her own pizza and what kid doesn't like making pizza?!?!?! Nuff said...

Oh yes did I mention I like the beer here!?!?!
Your typical corporate no local atmosphere restaurant and brewpub. This is however the best of the Rock Bottoms in the valley because the quality of the beer seems to be better here than at their other brewpubs.  Food and beers are resonably priced. It is worth it to become a mug club member for additional discounts. My biggest negative is just that it is flat out boring to go to.
My experience can be summed up as entirely average. 

I'm not usually a big fan of chains I got a Groupon for this place some time ago and decided to finally use it.  We sat in the bar area, the atmosphere was as expected, sports TVs, decent brews. 

We ordered the firecracker shrimp and the sirloin steak, nothing spectacular but decent. The menu said they had a chimichurri sauce for the steak but our waitress had no idea about it. The food was served cold, might have been better had it been warm. 

I probably won't be back to Rock Bottom when there are so many other (non-chain) options
My other half and I frequently go to Rock Bottom to watch a game, sit at the bar and relax. The bartender is always attentive, witty and fun . 
I like that they will allow you to sample the beers before you order, or you can order a sampler to try a little bit of everything. As far as beer goes, it's pretty good. Not mindblowing or spectacular, just pretty good.  We don't order anything other than the appetizer sampler, and it is SO tasty, with a good selection of yumminess to split between the 2 of us.
I love that this Brewery actually brews their beer at EACH location, which is very uncommon for a chain brewery.  The beer here is pretty darn good, and their brewer has the awards to show for it.  This place is in the area, and I have been going there for quite sometime.  The menu has seen a couple of changes throughout the years, some menu items are hard to say goodbye to and some I am super excited to say hello to!  The Texas Fire Steak and the Ballpark Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese Dip are tried and true standbys.  The Cod Fish & Chips and the Little Italy (with chicken) are pretty darn mouthwatering new additions.  And being a mexican food purist, I was pretty surprised to find their enchiladas uber tasty.

Their Happy Hour food menu has recently changed, and now for $5 you get FULL Sized appetizers (except the sampler platter) and the beer prices are ever awesome during happy hour. (both regular hh and latenight) Only in the bar and patio, but there is plenty of room to spread out as the patio has misters and is dog friendly and the bar has both tables and booths.  A handful of large flat screens and a couple old school tvs finish off the bar with a large picture window into the brewery (free entertainment if the brewer is brewing at the time, get to watch him at work!).  The dining room has an open kitchen on one side and a wall of windows on the other.  They even have a private banquet room as well, pondering having a function there myself.  My friend and I went to eat here one day with her kids, and kids were free on monday and tuesday, which was pretty cool.

This place has definitely seen some changes over the years, but they try hard and if all else fails grab another beer and some chocolate cheesecake and you can't go wrong!!!
I LOVE the pretzels! Wish they would bring back the Asiago Dip, but hey, garlic salt and cabs are 2 of my main food groups. Great atmosphere, can always see a game on one of the many TVs, even when my girlfriend thinks I'm paying attention to her! Milk stout is my favorite beer, but the light isn't bad either. Something tells me the others are good too, but it's hard to get me to stray from my patterns. Oh well, I'll leave someone else to review those. All in all, the food and beer is great, and the servers seem to know what they're doing too.
I last ate here about a month ago on a date. We were at Desert Ridge and just randomly selected it out of all of the restaurants there. The food was fantastic, but I cannot say that the service was anything special. The place was no more than 3/4 full, but we still had to wait a a few minutes to be seated. When we were brought to the table it still needed to be cleaned. We also waited quite a while for our server to first come to our table. When we received our food, my date (who had ordered a side of mashed potatoes) was given fries and with and apology was told they were out of mashed potatoes.  Then she was asked if she wanted anything else.  I had salmon which was great. In all fairness, it was Sunday night at about 8:00, and I know that peak business hours are far from over.  But, I still expect a little more of an effort from any business.
I would rate it as average. I would rather suggest you go to the yardhouse and spend the same for better food and service. Food is average service is not do good. Rating 2 and half.
At first our waitress seemed very snotty; I was very tired from work and travel and I asked her what type of beer was the happy hour special and she said it was on the menu 11 times.  But she warmed up to us pretty quickly, and they had some great happy hour specials.  Good food and good beer.
Waitress made it clear in front of us she didn't want people in her section. She came to get our order and was nice. I ordered prime rib medium and it came rare. Sent it back and it came back medium rare. Mac and cheese was alright, I have had better. Not worth the price of our meal.
The beer is truly amazing, the food is good. 
Bartenders are friendly and quick to be helpful - along with management always friendly and honest to god happy to see you and hear your thoughts. 

Great place to watch sports, chat up new friends, and drink some great brew beer by Brian Helton. LOVE IT!!!
We went in for drinks and sweets. We were notified immediately that the kitchen closes at 10pm. OK, cool! 3 of us ordered drinks and I ordered sweets. They said the beers were OK. I ordered the warm donut holes, those suckers are good. Service was average. Us girls went to the restrooms and wow... It is gross. SO GROSS! I decided to wait until we got home (and that is a 30 min drive).
Pretty good for a chain.  Very conveniently located in the Desert Ridge Marketplace... very yummy salmon and rice and very yummy beer.

A little dark inside tho.
Food is mediochre at best. Service is slow even by geologic time. The micro brew is typical and unimaginitive. On the good side the patio is dog friendly. One star just for that.
After seeing a movie at the Imax in the mall we got hungry and wanted to wet our whistles with some drink, so we stopped in to check out Rock Bottom.  Rolling with a crew 4, we noticed the crowd was older, 50's/60's.  I ordered the fish and chips, husband order a steak dinner.  Friends order a albacore burger, and cheeseburger meal. All food was ok, except for the albacore burger.  It looked really weird, if it was albacore tuna it was burned to crap.  From what I saw it looked like it was brown almost like a veggie burger.  My friend said it tasted really funny so we made her complain to the waiter before eating any more of it.  Our waiter was very nice and apologized for the quality and said she could order any meal on the house.  She ended up getting mac and cheese and was happy with that.  We all got drinks but one of the star drink orders was a sampler of all their beers they brew.  For under 7 bucks you get like 8/4oz beers. In tasting glasses.   Good deal so you can get a great overall sample of what they've got to offer!
We decided to go to Rock Bottom before a movie.  We walked in and were informed that there was a 30 minute wait for a table in the "dining room" but that we could opt to sit in the bar area.  So we did the latter.  There were lots of open booths in the "dining room", which was kind of frustrating, but I know that restaurants have to stagger their tables so the kitchen doesn't get overloaded...but seriously, it's a big restaurant...

I've been to Rock Bottom several times, both in Denver and Arizona, and I've never had an overly pleasant experience.  During our meal I was reminded why I don't really go out of my way to eat here.  The waitress would disappear for long periods of time, and all the other waitresses wouldn't make eye contact with anyone other than the diners at their tables.  Frustrating...

We had the pretzels to start, which were really good.  But, in my experience, even microwavable pretzels are delicious...It came with a side of cheese sauce with some herbs in it...honestly it tasted like velveeta, cilantro and rotel canned tomatoes.  Sub-par.  

I had the steak spinach salad, which was described as "fresh baby greens with gorgonzola, walnuts, tomatoes and red onion tossed in a balsamic vinegarette".  The red onion overwhelmed the salad.  The tomato was mealy.  There was hardly any gorgonzola, and the walnuts were nonexistant.  I was bombarded with soggy croutons.  Rock Bottom is just not the place to spend money on food.  It's a bar with a handful of unique beers.  Yard House is MUCH better if you're looking for a dining experience/brewery, and it's closer to the theater.  And their spinach salad rocks.
This place has a great happy hour and great atmosphere for watching sports or hanging out. Their mug club is great offering you $3 mugs of beer and freebies every time you get a certain amount of mugs of beer! I always get their hefeweizen. Its perfect on a warm summer day! Their patio is really nice and big too all year round. The service is not bad, but it could be better. I've never been here for lunch or dinner, usually just happy hour for drinks and some appetizers. That said, there's a lot to like on their happy hour menu. A good selection of nachos, pretzels, fries, mini-stack burgers, and more at great prices.
Total... service... breakdown!  I waited the obligatory 30 minutes on a Friday night so that my 2 boys and I could duck in for dinner (the make-your-own pizza is a kids favorite). When our buzzer buzzed, I took it up and the gentleman at the front said it must have malfunctioned.  My BS meter went to 10 as we waited for another 10 minutes for a seat.  Once seated, the waitress took a ton of time to get our order, and then for some inexplicable reason didn't enter our order until the first kids meal came out to the table - spanning at least 45 minutes from sitting to serving.  Maybe it was a bad night, I could hear constant service and kitchen screw-ups from the party of 10 behind us.  Food quality was bad on top of this... burger bun was hard, pizza dough was crusty *before* they cooked it as my son was making his pizza... the only thing they didn't screw up was my beer.    

Although the wait is comporable, I will pick Yard House at the other end of Desert Ridge next time.  I'll stick to Rock Bottom on the West side at Arrowhead, which has never let me down.
The Micro-Brews are wonderful and te food is also great! I only rated it 3star because our waitress was below par
This is a completely fine place to eat/drink. The drinks are pretty good, and the food is ok. As far as chains go, it isn't bad. However, I live within walking distance from one of these and go maybe once a year, which I think speaks volumes.
So Disappointed!

We went for my birthday last night. They were 4 in our party. We arrived at 6:30pm we ordered a drink and a few items off the happy hour menu. The food off the happy hour menu was good.

THEN WE ORDERED OUR MEAL, IT WAS AWFUL. We ordered BOURBONZOLA which was dry and tasteless, TUSCAN CHICKEN PASTA we sent it back to the kitchen because it looked like it had been sitting around for days and CHICKEN AVOCADO SANDWICH which was okay.  We will not be going back any time soon. They need to get a manager in there and get the place back in tip top shape because when we ate their 6 months ago it was good.  

Just so you know our bill was over $160.00 and for that the food should have been outstanding.
I went to this location since the Shea location closed. The happy hour was decent. Although this Rock Bottom didn't have the Titan Toothpicks. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza and it was outstanding and much bigger than what you would expect from an Appetizer. In addition, the Southwest Eggrolls were a little too spicy for me, so I won't be ordering those again and the Nachos were good as well. The total (no drinks, just water) with tip was about $30 and feed 4 people.
We come here often and are never disappointed. They have very good beers (I especially enjoyed the Blonde Summer Honey which is seasonal). 
They have mac n' cheese that is out of this world. The summer chicken quesadilla is really good as well. The nachos come out on a huge platter and the serving is big, but they aren't anything to write home about, pretty run of the mill.

The location at Desert Ridge is great because it seems like we can always get in when Yard House or BJs are slammed. The happy hour is comparable to the other restaurants of its kind in the area so you arent missing out on any big discounts. 

Plenty of TVs for watching sports. Good music and an enjoyable atmosphere. 

I gave this place one extra star because there beers here are very good.
On short noticed I needed a place to throw a business happy hour.  They gave me the entire private back room with a separate entrance and exit and our own server.  No hassle, no extra charges, no fees. Love it!!  Service was awesome and the Food is always good.  We all had a great time and I am a big Fan.
Waited 25 mins for service then left.
Really had a wonderful time here outside even though the wind picked up The background music @ Desert Ridge was great.  We had beer & appetizers at HH.  All was good and I really liked their salsa.  I choose them specifically becoz they had free wi-fi and that was the best!  Thank you!!  I won't be going too many places at Desert Ridge that don't have it.
Great beer, food and service! Best sports bar type place in Desert Ridge. Love their happy hour and mug club! Great place to meet friends and watch a game :) Highly recommended!
Went to Rock Bottom with a large party - about 50 people.  They were very accommodating.  The servers were both friendly and helpful.
The food:  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was very good with a little bit of zing to it.  My teenage daugher had the mac and chicken and loved it.  Someone else in our group had the Kobe sliders (listed as a starter) and said they were great.  If you go, get the ball park pretzels - great dipping sauce.
The beer:  Great choice of beers.  We had the Beligan White Ale and it was outstanding.  Went down real smooth - too smooth.  Finished off a couple of pitchers in the blink of an eye!
The atmosphere:  It is a fun casual place.  It wasn't too noisy despite being pretty crowded.  The bar area has several TV's.  
The prices:  Prices were reasonable.
The service:  Service overall was good.  One table of our group didn't get their food for over an hour.  While that was not good, the manager took care of things once it was brought to his attention and provided them with free desserts.
I'm not from around Phoenix and have never been to Rock Bottom before, but if I'm back in the area, I would return.
Disappointed, and actually a little sad...

Perhaps it's the change in general manager (or maybe I'm subconsciously biased because the old GM shared name with a friend).

Haven't been to this location in a while, but it had always been solid (good food, great service, awesome beers).  The good news is the beers are still awesome.  Had the Winter Wheat - served with a slice of orange and a sprinkle of nutmeg.  Mmmm...

Foodwise, the new, slimmer menu was a bit sad for me.  No more salmon fish & chips and no more meatloaf.  My two Rock Bottom favorites.  Ordered Mac & Chicken and Mac+Chicken+Chorizo.  A side of fries for my picky 2-year old and the badass ballpark pretzels to start.  Now, admittedly, this is bar food and has always been on the salty side, but they've gone a step further.  Now, I do like to binge on hugely salty food once in a while, so I won't say I didn't love it, but I can literally feel it now... Blood pressure meds, here I come...

The big bummer was the service.  It started out with the hostesses.  Friendly enough, but it was a bit off-putting to be asked twice if we needed a high-chair (and respond twice that no, just a booster would be great) and then end up with no booster.  Walked back up to the front and asked again, no problem.  OK, so far.  So, then, we sit down... and we wait.  No problem, must be busy... Friday night, holiday season at a big shopping spot... but wait, those are empty tables... 6 of 'em in our section the whole time (maybe shoulda taken that as a sign).  

Anyway, after about 5 minutes, our server comes.  She's friendly/pleasant.  We order our drinks and the pretzels.  Drinks come just fine.  Another few minutes later, she returns to take our order.  No problems, but 2 place settings.  3 people.  Hostess doesn't notice.  Waitress doesn't notice.  Then, I see what appears to be a manager stealing settings from one table and putting on another... so, I follow suit and steal one myself.  Problem solved.

About 60 seconds later, our lukewarm fries arrive.  Whatever.  Just for the kid.  Appreciate the speed.  That's followed a minute later by my wife's side salad.  About 10 minutes later the pretzels show up, followed by our entries 45 seconds later.  Nice timing.  Then, the kid starts griping about no ketchup.  Hmmm... that's odd... Fries, but no ketchup and no ask from the server.  Whatever. So another couple minutes goes by, and we see our server flying by and flag her down.  Ketchup for all.

During this time, I overhear the table behind me working through a problem with their bill (charged for 3 beers they never ordered or drank).

If this were a Denny's, I'd be more than pleased with the service.  But, maybe I'm getting picky/cheap in my old age, but it feels like it's kinda shoddy for a $25/head meal.  

Our waitress was pleasant and earnest, but clearly undertrained.  The several tables left unbussed around us for the duration of our meal was also a clear indicator.  The three hostesses on duty unable to effectively service a light crowd was another sign.  This place clearly has systemic management issues.  

Won't be coming back to this location (though I'll keep an eye on the GM sign in the window and try it again when it changes again).  We'll drive the extra few miles to Shea/101 location next time we want Rock Bottom.
Last week I tried Rock Bottom Brewery in Phoenix, AZ(Desert Ridge Mall location). It was very tasty! I ordered the guacamole burger with fries and a cold beer. The atmosphere of Rock Bottom was very classy/sporty with tv's in every corner of the restaurant. It was very spacious inside. This restaurant would be great for family's or couples looking to get away from it all for a night out. The overall menu was pretty affordable. The appetizers were also good. I ordered the chicken quesadilla. Let me know if your in the area and I'd be more than happy to meet you at this restaurant for some travel stories!
Brian's beer is GREAT!!! And the food is AWESOME!!  Great patio seating to do some people watching.  Great for hanging out with friends, for families, for business, or for a mid-afternoon beer.  Ask for Tommy at the bar, he'll take great care of ya!
I had a great experience, of course I was with my favorite group of moms so how can I not have a good time.  We were about 20 twin moms  and the restaurant had our table ready and Josh our server was on top of everything.  The appetizers were delicious.  My glass of wine was very good.  Of course, wine makes everything better and isn't it considered healthy?
Hmmmm, well the food was okay. the service was okay. the atmosphere was just okay. 

That sums it up.
This review is for the happy hour. I love the patio, although sometimes the smokers are a bit much. The service is usually very good and the hostesses always are accomodating by trying to seat you where you like to sit.

I enjoy the Brewery Nachos which are served with melted cheddar and pepper jack cheese along with beans, tomatoes, jalapenos and onions. I tasted my wife's fried calamari last night and really liked it. They serve it with marinara sauce and a spicy Thai Chili sauce. The Ball Park Pretzels (two pretzels) are huge and served with jalapeno cheese dip. I find that this app has way too much garlic on the pretzel. The three Kobe Sliders, which are served with fried onion strings is excellent.

The dish that rocks my world is the Roasted Vegetable Pizza. During Happy Hour the pizza is $7. It has roasted zucchini, roma tomatoes, red peppers, mozzarella and feta cheese with sun dried tomato pesto, spinach and

WAIT FOR IT...............Vinaigrette dressing which is a perfect topping to this pizza. I normally used to get the yummy BBQ Chicken Pizza but have switched allegiance to the Roasted Vegetable pizza.

This happy hour is so reasonably priced that my brother-in-law actually took out his wallet last night and picked up the tab.
The food is a tad better than okay. The service is somewhat mixed, it depends who you get for the evening. Some are more motivated than others. The manager, Summer :-), is awesome. Ask her if you need anything or have tips for her to inspire you to come again. When I do a food business, I will want her on my team.

We love the free wifi. A must for any locale these days. The bear is GREAT. Love the micro brews. 

A note in general: somebody get a grip on the fish prices in Arizona please. The only healthy omega3 and protein source we all need, instead, yes yummy but unhealthy quesadillas are cheap. Something's wrong here. Most locations throughout the valley still don't take enough advantage of the promotional built in coupons Yelp has to offer to attract new and keep old customers.

The five different music styles running non stop in the desert ridge outside area mixed with every store's individual out put is nerve wrecking.

A few big plants and bushes along the iron fence would create a more natural and soothing setting. Atmosphere is half the rent.
The food is a tad better than okay. The service is somewhat mixed, it depends who you get for the evening. Some are more motivated than others. The manager, Summer :-), is awesome. Ask her if you need anything or have tips for her to inspire you to come again. If I do a food business, I will

We love the free wifi. A must for any locale these days. The bear is GREAT. Love the micro brews. 

A note in general: somebody get a grip on the fish prices in Arizona please. The only healthy omega3 and protein source we all need, instead, yes yummy but unhealthy quesadillas are cheap. Something's wrong here. Most locations throughout the valley still don't take enough advantage of the promotional built in coupons Yelp has to offer to attract new and keep old customers.

The five different music styles running non stop in the desert ridge outside area mixed with every store's individual out put is nerve wrecking.

A few big plants and bushes along the iron fence would create a more natural and soothing setting. Atmosphere is half the rent.
Nothing stands out at this pub eatery. I went there for a chamber lunch twice and both times the meals was subpar and very small portions.
In this spot, I ingested the world dullest Cobb salad and a watered down Arnold Palmer. My accompanying bread roll was hard enough to break a tooth, so I could not partake.

At least the prices were not outrageous.
Favorite stop! Great Beer and Food!! Tiger Fan Friendly!!!
I like the food and atmosphere of RB, but the service here...well....I felt like I was in a High School popularity contest. The waitress was blond and maybe "thought" her looks can justify her business sense. We sat down and in a typical fashion engage by ordering an app and our meals. We felt as though we may have been interupting her day, and this was evident when she forgot our appetizer and when she brought our bill (which was the only real time she acted like she cared). On her way out to bring our bill, she stopped at another table and conversed and gave them great attention for some time, then brought our bill and essentially dropped it off (great way to maximize your tip girl). I could not wait to get out of there which is too bad, but I like the place overall. BTW we made no advances or said anything that would make her feel uncomfortable, but she made us feel uncomfortable....too bad because we ususally give a "MIMINUM" 20% tip......read up restaurant staffs all over, if not for caring about anyone else, at least be nice for the tip.........................
I will not be returning.

This is place used to have the best beer in town. I got their summer honey ale and it was bitter. Service was slow, spotty, and their classic mac & cheese recipe has been changes. It was a goopy mess that I did not finish.

Everything has changed so much. I won't be returning.
Their Happy Hour is the only thing that brings me back here. The food is good and cheap for happy hour. The service and beer and something that you never know what you're gonna get... 

I've ordered the Summer Honey Ale on 3 separate visits:
1st vist = delicious! Smooth and sweet, but almost flat. 
2nd visit = I swear they didnt give me that same beer, tasted bitter and like their Hefe...
3rd visit = The tap is out!
My boyfriend has had similar inconsistent beer experiences. He LOVES beer and he actually had to return a stout because it was disgustingly off. He's ordered 2 red ales in the same night and they both tasted noticeable different from each other. 

The service is minimum. They do what they gotta do to get the job done. They'll be efficient at first and then they disappear and rarely check on you by the end, so weird!!! One time we got there when there was an hour of happy hour still. We sit down, put in our first round of happy hour beers and apps in - all is well - but. .... after delivering food and drinks and after the remaining hour rolled by, they never came back to ask for last happy hour call. Luckily 10-15min after the happy hour ended they came back and knew they didnt ask so they honored the happy hour price. 

Other than that, if you are looking for a cheap happy hour night out and decent bar food then it's worth it. The beer and service is a mystery experience though!
My husband and I love coming here for happy hour. They have great appetizer and drink specials. Their ballpark pretzels are so big and soft and the dip is delish. Last night we also got the buttermilk chicken tenders which were good and not too bready or greasy.  The pork street tacos were also great. We had a very filling dinner by just eating off the HH appetizer menu! We also have a mug club card, which is free to sign up for, and when you show it you get upgraded to a 22 oz beer at no extra charge. You also get other free stuff as you accumulate visits.  Last time we got a free pint glass. Their HH is from 4-7 Mon-Sat, so even if you come at dinnertime you can still get the HH special pricing, which I highly recommend.
Decent IPA, I prefer Four Peaks.  Slow service.  Food is overpriced.
Tasty and yummy.  I had been to a Rock Bottom before in Bethesda, MD.  I texted my buddy that I went there with and she said that she'd hope it was the restaurant and not the figure of speech that I was at rock bottom.  OH, that was a good start of the night at Rock Bottom.  

I got the brew house chicken on the server's recommendation.  Great choice.  The season vegetables were green beans and they were fantastic.  Cooked perfectly.  Not too hard and not too soft.  Perfect.  They were out of mashed potatoes by the end of the night so they substituted with fries, which was fine.  

The beers were tasty.  I got the sampler because I couldn't decide on one.  I eventually got the red ale, which was perfect for the weather.  Good place.  Only bad thing about the night was that I left my favorite credit card!  I called back the next day, but they couldn't locate it.  I am certain that I left it in the check folder that comes with the bill.  I'm used to the credit card being placed in the sleeve on top instead of the side sleeves with the receipt.  Shame, but that didn't ruin my trip to Phoenix nor my delight at Rock Bottom.
We have a new favorite.

I think I had been here once before long ago and had a really good buffalo chicken sandwich or something like that.

We went there for lunch on Saturday, right at 11 am I think. I ordered a chicken sandwich, oops, I don't remember the name, but it had chipotle mayo, and it was awesome. The chicken was soooo juicy, and it had avocado and like french fried onions on top... OK, I checked the menu online, it is the Baja Chicken Sandwich.

The hubby ordered a sirloin steak with some sort of pepper & jalapeño butter, and what he said is that it was the best steak he has had in a long time. I tried it and it was very good. It was refreshing that the steak was cooked exactly as we ordered. Lately we have had to send them back at other restaurants. And, what can I say? even the cauliflower was the best ever. No kidding, I would go back for the cauliflower alone : )

Daughter ordered chicken macaroni and she loved it, it is a favorite of hers.
Service was very good, our server was very attentive, food was ready fairly fast.

I would only comment that we were the only ones in that area at that time and they sat a family with a small child right next to us. A loud child may I say : )
Come here often. Great place to watch a game. Enjoy the beers, especially the current seasonal IPA#2. Great happy hour, friendly staff. Menu is a bit limited and for quality some dishes are a little over priced.

Would recommend this location as
the atmosphere and staff are worth it as well as the beer.
Love the beer, atmosphere and staff. On the downside, do not waste time or money on the shrimp and lobster enchiladas. There is barely any S & L in them. This after complaining to management after the first time ordering them. I was assured this was a mistake and!  they should be full of ingredients. Ordered a second time, on a different night and the same thing, only this time worse. Three enchiladas, each smaller than my thumb, one piece of shrimp, a crumble of what i assume to be lobster meat and a few small pieces of veggies. A total joke if you ask me.
Nice.  Only four stars because the server didn't bring out what was ordered... she did catch it before it was served but after a very big deal was made about NO SQUASH on the plate, its amazing the plate was served up with any.  

But, the food was excellent.  Ordered the Bourbonzola burger which was wonderful and some appetizers.  Good quick seating and service, other than mentioned above, and will most certainly go back.
The happy hour is amazing -- I wish the had a smoking section outside, but that's fine. I can deal with that.

I got $5 guacamole with chips first. When they say "made to order" they don't mean that you can customize your guacamole but rather that when you order it, they make it (which I though was the assumption for all food, but whatever.)

Then, I got the $5 vegetarian quesadilla which was pretty good -- the mushrooms were a little weird, but otherwise it was tasty. Came with sour cream and more guac, which was nice.

Bartender will give you samples of their beer, which is good. Both of their IPAs and very tasty, and one is particularly stong (10%ABV). I would highly recommend sitting at the bar, watching some baseball, and hanging out like I do.

Great place.
For anyone who ate here before BJs bought out the chain, the quality has gone down tremendously. Burgers and fries just don't taste the way they used to. They're gross now and taste frozen. Will not go back!
The first time we went to Rock Bottom (how fitting a name), the hostess sat us next to a table with three screaming kids right next to where the servers enter and exit the kitchen. The waiter came by after a few minutes, took our drink order and then actually snatched the menus out of hands. He brought us our drinks and promptly walked away. The floor manager came by and we told her what happened. She reprimanded the waiter in front of us and gave us two discount cards for our next visit and comped our beers. The food wasn't great by any stretch of the imagination. So little so that I don't remember what we ordered.

We decided to use our discount cards for a second trip. We were sat once again in a far corner by the kitchen. The waiter took our drink order and food order together and instead of bringing out our drinks and then our food, just waited until our food was done cooking to bring out the drinks as well. I ordered the lobster enchiladas which was about $18 (US) because on the menu it sounded tasty. On the plate it looked like a used deflated diaper. The enchiladas were TINY. I asked the waiter if that was what it was supposed to look like because it didn't look like $18 worth of food. The chef that made it came out with an attitude and said, "You should have asked about the portion before we wasted all that lobster." To which I responded, "What lobster? There isn't a lobster tank in here which means you pulled it from a can." I have never been treated so rudely. The floor manager apologized however refused to defuse our anger because the previous manager comped our beers and gave us $20 off our next meal which he felt was more than kind enough a gesture.

So if you want Rock Bottom quality food with Rock Bottom service at sky high prices then this is your stop. For those of you who read this review this far: NOT A WORD OF THIS HAS BEEN EXAGGERATED. We are never coming back here.
Right across the parking lot are better places with better food on similar menus, The Keg, BJ's, and Wolfley's.
We went here during a family vacation. We wanted to take our dad out for his b-day and thought this would be a fun place to grab some beer and eats while still able to take my young nephews.  

We made reservations cause there was 8 of us. We were seated right away. Our table actually had a reserved sign on it when we were seated. Makes ya feel kind of special. :) 

What I got to drink:

Rock Bottom White Ale - Brewed with two-row malted barley and wheat, with a hint of orange peel and coriander. The beer was quite refreshing especially being in the hot Arizona sun all day long. 

What I got to eat:

Tillamook Bacon Burger - Steakburger topped with Tillamook cheddar cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato and finished with BBQ jalapeño ranch dressing. This burger was so juicy. They use a brioche bun that soaked up all the yummy juices. Got to go on the list of the some of the best burgers I've had. 

I whispered to the waiter that it was my dads bday and he brought out a decent sized chocolate cupcake with an gooey frosting that everyone at the table gobbled up pretty quickly. 

Me and my brother split the bill. With 6 adults and two kids we got out of there for a 118 bucks including a decent tip from the both of us. It was a great experience. I'll have to see if there is a local RBB in my area.
I think its funny that when I went to UCSD, there was a Rock Bottom close to campus and I never went. I finally got to try it during our trip to Phoenix. 

We went to Rock Bottom with Brian D's family to celebrate his Dad's Birthday.  We made a reservation and had issues with waiting.  

I got an IPA and a BBQ chicken sandwich and both were pretty good.  I am a weirdo and like when you get shredded lettuce on a burger/sandwich instead of just a piece of lettuce.  The fries were not anything special so I wish I had gotten a different side. 

Overall, service was good but our waiter did disappear for a while towards the end of our meal but cited that it was starting to get busy.
If you've never been to a brewpub, then maybe the shiny casks behind the windows will intrigue you and you'll be overwhelmed by the awesomeness of the idea of a brewpub as you ask your server what they have that is like bud light.

If you are looking for great craft beer, theres more and more brewpubs popping up around town which are worth your attention.
I'd never been to this location before. With a Yard House, Wolfley's, and a BJ's in the same lot, there is enough competition of the same style place that I would have thought it to be par with those. Or maybe this is something different altogether, which explains the lack of charisma and personality :/

We went in for a late lunch (2 p.m.) on a Thursday. Besides our party of two, there was a family of 4 in the dining room and 2 guests in the bar area. We were seated by a waiter that hasn't learned to smile, served by the same smile-less waiter, and otherwise we only saw a bartender on staff during the visit. 

The menu seemed to have plenty of choices, but we kept it light and simple. My friend ordered the sliders, medium, and they came out well done with absolutely no toppings or sauces or cheese. Is that normal? She dealt with it. I ordered the lemon rice that was missing anything tasting lemon-y and the black beans that actually had a nice spice to them. We had iced teas, which we were drinking quite quickly since they were weak enough to taste more like water, and I think it made the server upset to have to refill them so many times.

Weird experience for an empty chain restaurant.....I would think a server and kitchen staff stuck on that shift would want to make enough of an impression to bring people back at that same time in the future :/  Meh :/
Love the lobster & shrimp enchiladas!
service is very good, prices are ok, the spinach dip, steak, and mac and cheese are all delicious. not the best place in desert ridge but not the worst either!!
Fantastic happy hours. Had 4 appetizers and a beer for $26. Jake is the best waiter and will help you with the menu and beers. Took incredible care of us. Highly recommend the guac, street tacos, and veggie quesadilla.
I went to Rbb last night and had a great time! Our waiter James was amazing! He answered all of our questions and had great customer service. We ordered so much food and all of it was awesome! It was def a good experience and I can't wait to go back again! Awesome job RBB staff!!!
Had great service here but the food was nothing special & the atmosphere wasn't either. Unless you are drinking beer & watching sports there really is no reason to be here.
Had great service from James made us feel welcome!!! Great IPA !!! Well done.
The appetizer platter was great.
Great for a Sunday foot ball game
I had forgotten about this place and the great experience I described in my previous review : (

We found ourselves right next to this establishment and went there for dinner last Thursday.

We were seated promptly an the service was good.

Hubby had the cajun pasta, I had... some other pasta with tomatoes and basil, but I didn't even taste he basil :  ( Hubby loved his cajun pasta, I thought mine was so so...

We shared a southwest rolls appetizer, I thought it was OK.
Our friends had the calamari, and a tortilla soup. They said the tortilla soup was kind of salty.

Anyway, I will make sure to go back and have some of the cauliflower that I am raving about in my previous review : )
Delicious. Absolutely delicious. The bacon mac & cheese was absolutely to die for. Such a simple dish, cooked to perfection. Well done
Went there to watch NFL game.   Food mediocre at best and service was awful.  The only thing that could have made our waiter less attentive was if he had the day off. Stay away.
Good food, good beer, good ambiance.   Unfortunately they won't be around much longer, so get there before Feb. 1.  Looks like the Glendale location will be the sole survivor...
Sadly this location is now closed :-( Even though someone at corporate keeps updating their statuses on Facebook. What a tease. 

Looks like Glendale is the last standing AZ location. They sure went downhill since Gordon Biersch took over!
I love this Rock Bottom location, especially eating out on the patio during the cooler spring and fall months.  I'm shocked that they've closed.  What a bummer!
I agree with Melodie C.  Sad to see this place go.  It was a Desert Ridge restaurant anchor for what over 12 years?  They had a great brew master and the beer and food offerings never got stale - always something new.  I wonder where all the terrific employees ended up (Alyssa, Lars, Tommy and Brian)?  If anyone knows, plz let me know.
I've been to about 5 different BJs and this is by far my favorite. The food is the same as at most other BJs, although this one has honey breadsticks that I haven't seen anywhere else. What distinguishes this BJs is the brewer. In addition to the usual BJs brews, this brewer concocts new original brews all the time, found only here, and brewed on premises. One time I had a BJs Belgian style Grand Cru here that rocked my world. The only problem is that it's super crowded and there is usually a wait. Plus it's at the Chandler mall, so it's...mall-ish.
Good selection of beers, really nice assortment of menu items, and big group friendly.  I had a few too many beers to recall much other than a happy feeling about the place, especially since my jambalaya dish was tasty.  And they had avocado egg rolls that I really liked, that was while I was still on my first beer.
One of my favorite places to go for a nice meal and a beer.  I usually order their Chicken Salad and Jeremiah Red beer.  After a couple beers, the restaurant is within stumbling distance of the Chandler 24 Movie theater.
BJ's has some great beer, and the food is not bad either. I know it's a chain, but it does exceedingly well for a chain. Probably one of the best out there. The Jerimiah Red beer is excellent, as well as the Piranah something or other.

If you go, try their thin crust appetizer pizza. But try it as a meal. It should be more than enough. If not, you can then fill up on beer.
This was my first BJ's experience and I fell in love. I have since been to many others and I love their beer.  But back to this one, the location is super sweet! Its a big reason I love this Brewery being next to the mall made it perfect. Let me explain...

Ok so it was Christmas time and I went out to visit my sister and I still need to get some presents. So my sisters boyfriend took me to this mall and he said we need to stop here first. I was like well ok I guess, and man oh man am I glad we did. It made shopping so amazing (I hate to go shopping during this time period as should anyone) it quickly became my favorite way to shop... slightly drunk! :)

So as amazing as the shopping experience was I was very glad to have had a chance to discover one of my favorite beers Tatonka Stout.
Just not all that.  If I am eating at the Chandler Mall then there are 4 restaurants I would rather eat at.
I am no stranger to BJs - I grew up in California, which is where this chain originated from.

I'm not a fan of this BJs. We live about 10 minutes away from it, but I find we go to the one on Superstition Springs more often. We go to BJ's for the food, never the drinks.

Hubby's a huge beer lover. When we lived in San Francisco, we used to do pub crawls with our friends in search of the perfect pint of Guinness.

Anyway, we went to this BJs because he had heard good things about the beer here, more specificially, their brewmaster. He'd read rave reviews and thought, "why not?  we're practically around the corner!"

Off we trotted and he ordered the beer and I ordered a salad...and he was angry.  Angry at beer. What?! Not again. It's ok.  I was angry at my salad and the slower service.

He finally learned his lesson - never get the beer at BJs. The first BJs experience was back in California at the BJs in Cupertino, across the street from the Apple campus (yes, as in iPod). He and his best drinking mate, Matt, went for beer...one they ordered tasted like Juniper. The second one he ordered "tasted like how sweaty gym socks smelled". His exact words.  *gags a little*

He thought it would be different at this BJs...but was sadly mistaken

BJs on the whole will never have imported beer. If you want a decent selection of imported beer, I suggest going to Whole Foods -- you can pick up Belhaven!

My salad pissed me off.  There was more dressing than salad. I wanted some lettuce with my dressing. Our server kept sneaking off - don't want to know what he was doing outside for long periods of time and come back smelling of smoke.

My suggestion?  Seriously? Skip this BJs and go eat at one of the other restaurants. This one won't do it for beer...or food.
The mini burgers here will be the death of me.
BJ's is OK on occasion. My husband loves the mostly sauceless, tomato-strewn pan pizza. Me, not so much. However, the atmosphere seems fun (kind of loud, but that drowns out our usual loud talking). There are flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant, in case a game or a major weather event (hurricane season) is on. The booth seating is comfy, and we see a lot of families, so it looks pretty kid-friendly as well.

I've tried various dishes here, such as sliders washed down with BJ's Hefeweizen. The sliders and thin fries were pretty darned yummy, and the 5 oz. taster-sized Hefeweizen was the perfect size (and price!) for a lightweight and/or someone who has to drive soon thereafter... I am not a beer connoisseur, so YMMV! On separate occasions, I've tried the Angel Hair Toscana dish, which was just OK and came with a side of garlic bread. I've had the French dip on a couple occasions, and that is highly recommended; I love a good au jus... The other night I tried the Field of Greens salad with candied pecans, feta, red peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette; that was quite yummy. I coupled that with a taster-sized Berry Burst Cider, which is really sweet and hit the spot.

For dessert, the Cookies N' Cream Pizookie is quite good, so you might want to save room for that (be sure to share it with 1 or 2 more people ~ it's rich and should feed at least 2)! The Apple version pales in comparison ~ don't bother with that... Finally, I'm a caffeine fiend, so I was pleasantly surprised that their coffee does not taste like old socks.

I recommend BJ's for a casual night out.
A note to the owners of BJ's Restaurant & Brewery regarding the style of pizza you serve:

I don't know what it IS, but I can tell you what its NOT, and its most definitely NOT 'Chicago-Style'.

How do I know this?  Because up until about a month ago, I called Chicago home for the last 20 or so years.

Pizza has three main ingredients- a crust, a sauce (typically a tomato-based sauce), and cheese (typically mozzarella).  Serving two out of the three does not mean you can still call it a pizza.  This is pass/fail, all or nothing, an you are not graded on a curve; there is no 'E' for effort.

Now some will argue, but typically, 'Chicago-style' pizza has a thick crust and, in at least a couple of restaurants, the sauce and cheese layers are inverted, but the pizza HAS sauce (am I making my point here, or am I being too subtle?).

Do yourself a favor, BJ.  Go to Chicago, and go to Gino's East, Pizzeria Uno, Due's, and Lou Malnotti's for a crash course in what 'Chicago-Style' pizza is, then come back here and fix this trainwreck of bread and cheese before you do any permament damage to the phrase 'Chicago-Style Pizza'; well, no more than you've already done.

Your one saving grace is the beer you brew right on premises, otherwise this two-star review would be a one-star review, and I'd never have a reason to darken your doorstep, or subject anyone else to your bread with melted cheese on top.

Keep up the good work on the beer, but fire the guy that came up with your pizza recipe and start over.  Then I may try another one of your pies; until then, I'll just stick to the beer.

Viewing it from that angle, then, BJ's has a nice bar.  Its a bit loud inside for a restaurant, but for a bar, its just fine, and they do have lots of TVs tuned to just about anything you could want to watch.

Come for the beer, stay for the... beer.  But if I've been too subtle, and you missed the point- don't bother with their 'pizza'.
Chandler Chamber of Commerce Event hosted by BJ's ...

Food was really good!  There were probably over 100 of us at the event and the service was surprisingly good as well.
The brew is ok I have had better, and the pizza is ok, nothing crazy good and the atmosphere is alright, I'd rather go somewhere else any day.
I've been on a quest for a flavorful, texture-rich, full-bodied salad. The last one I really enjoyed was the Santa Fe Chicken Salad at the BJ's in Mesa. So, today I went to the Chandler restaurant for a work lunch in hopes of  satisfying the craving. Work hours meant no beer...maybe that's why I didn't inhale this one as fast. It was still good. I'd order it again. I'd also order the Pizookie made with  peanut butter cookie. That devilish little treat (that I shared, btw) got me on a new PB craving. Ugh.

The salad was $10.95, and came with well-seasoned chicken (minor kick), corn, avocado, tomatoes, red onions, tortilla strips and a good dressing.
Went here, after we got a housewarming gift card from our realtor. Foor was surprisingly delish! We ordered, again, bruschetta and a deep dish pizza.  Had the beer sampler, since I'm not big on hops, this wasn't my thing, but they do make their own root beer, which is just as yummy! For desert we had oreo deep dish cookie, served w/ 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream and whipped cream (YUM).

Only thing is, the waitress seem to "forget" something you asked for...1st time we went, they "forgot" my drink, 2nd time, I asked for ranch dressing and she "forgot", I had to ask another waiter...

Go online to find a $5 coupon...its well worth it!
BJ's is fun if you're with a buddy and need a quick bite before a movie over at Harkin's. The beer is made on the premises and is really good, they got a ton of huge tvs, sitting at the bar is a good idea if you're not there with kids, and the baked potatoes rock. Pizza is just so so, salads are good, and burgers are just average.
The root beer that they make is should be considered CRACK! I go there just for the root beer. Everything in this place is good they have a few floor managers whom walk around asking you if your food is ok. If its not they will take it back and then something else is back to you in 10 mins. 

And its right next to a comic book store to boot. Its a good area to go and eat. I would visit again and again.
This place has some great food. I haven't yet found anything on the menu that I don't like instantly. The pizza, the sandwiches, the appetizers, the desserts... all good. Despite this, my favorite item on the menu is definitely the Berry Burst Cider. I haven't yet found any other decent cider in the valley.

Atmosphere: good
Service: good

My only beef: I did once have the jambalaya and that simply left me wanting authentic Cajun.
Everyone loves BJs.  Well, men particularly.

That's right--I went there.


Thanks!  I'll be here all week.  So, the restaurant--solid three stars.  Good pub grub, good beer, great happy hour, friendly service.  Nothing out of this world but a reliable place for a night out.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
6 Food
7 *Drinks*
7 Service
8 Atmosphere
7 Value
Great beer made on site, and some unique deep dish pizzas make for a great happy hour and reverse happy hour. 

Despite the recent rise in the price of the mini pizzas the half off deal at happy hour is hard to beat. The deals on the beer are not the best, but they quality makes up for it. 

I really like the spinach artichoke pizza, Imagine taking a pizza and using a creamy artichoke spinach dip in lieu of tomato sauce. That is one rich deep dish pizza. Couple with a tatonka stout and it is one great meal to indulge in. 

Some of their other great beers are the Jeremiah red. As the name implies it is a red Irish beer. Usually there is a Belgium seasonal high gravity beer whose flavor and alcoholic punch is are to beat.

For happy hour beers are $1 off mini pizzas are 1/2 off and most appetizers are $2 off. There is some deal on well drinks, but then why come to a brewery to drink anything other than beer?  


If you find your self feeling the effects of the beer too quickly the potato wedge fires make for a great sponge to soak up some of the happy juice in the beer.

Don't forget you can get a growler (1/2 gallon) of beer to go!
I love BJ's. The menu is a little too big, but everything I have tried is great! The beers are good, if you like good beer, i.e. something other than Coors or Bud. The wings are awesome, they just drizzle a bit of sauce and then give you more on the side so they don't get soggy. The bruschetta is delicious. The thin crust pizzas look great, but I haven't had one yet. The avocado egg rolls are yummy and the grilled shrimp tacos are one of my favorite dishes. Perfect end to a day of shopping at Chandler Mall.
I've been here many many times and have never had a bad time. Everything has always been up to par. I literally have no complaints.

AND - I recently dropped a personal check made out to me while getting cash out to pay my bill. The manager found it and mailed it back to my client. Talk about honest service. 

BJ's is our go to place for an easy weekend lunch. Their home brewed root beer is super good.
I was actually really impressed, even though I didn't think I would be.  I headed here for lunch last week when Chipotle was super busy.

They have a great and fairly affordable lunch menu with lots of options, including lots of vegetarian options.  I also really appreciated that my waitress went back and checked with a vegetarian staff member to see if the tomato soup had meat stock (it didn't, but minestrone did).

I got the pasta with the soup or salad combo with this delicious Mediterranean pasta - olive oil, feta, pine nuts, tomatoes and red peppers.  The pasta itself was surprisingly bland, but with a hint of salt and pepper, it was pretty tasty.  The bread that it came with was also delicious, all on its own.  I got the tomato soup, and man, it was definitely one of the better tomato soups I've been lucky enough to have.

My server was great about the food coming out quickly, and was on top of my refills.  Very friendly, not over-crowding.

I'll be back in the future with my partner to get a better feel for the beer (which I don't drink) and meat dishes (which I don't eat), but I'm happy with my first visit and will be back!
Excellent.  Can't say enough about the sampler plate & pulled pork sliders.  YUM!  Very fun place, lots of TVs and of course SPORTS always on!  Love going here.
This was my first time here, a fellow yelper recommended it.  We went during lunch time and I must say it was delicious.  I just followed my friends lead and we went with the huge sampler platter which was all full of goodies.  I don't remember the names of everything but the guacamole filled mini burrito things were so freakin good.  I then had the mini pulled pork sliders and loved em in fact my mouth is watering as I think about them right now.  Anyway great place for a lunch meeting.
I went to BJ's when I lived in California.  The one in Cupertino is nice and big.  I had some time to kill before I went to a movie and it was July 4th so some of the other places had closed early.  BJ's was pretty empty.  I bellied up to the bar and the bar tender was there instantly.  She was great!  She gave me a menu and gave me a minute to look over a wine list because, silly me, I thought I would have a glass of wine....what was I thinking?  The bartender told me they had a great seasonal brew so I said I would give it a try.  It was a heif...er.....hief....dang, I can't spell it...but you know what I mean and it was good!!  It has a nice cardomon finish but not overpowering at all.  

I ordered a Santa Fe Salad and it was delish!  Nicely cooked chicken breast and cruncy tortilla strips.  The dressing was good but a little too much of it.  Still I would order it again but maybe ask for dressing on the side.  

The service was stellar.  The bartender, which I could remember her name, was knowledgeable and she was pleasant.  We chatted a bit and she was the same with the other patrons at the bar too.  When you eat on your own it's nice to go somewhere where the service is friendly and welcoming.  They brew the beer here too.  All in all it's a great place with a pretty varied menu and good beer.
Man did this place suck.  Sunday night, dead as dead can be.  The only time we saw our waitress was to take our order and pick up my credit card.  We had to flag someone down in the middle of our meal to get some waters (which we never got)

Food was sub par.  Avocado egg rolls were just deep fried guacamole.  It felt like I ate 2 avocados as an appetizer.  One minute after my first bite, we got our salads (now I'm feeling rushed) My wedge salad should have been called "Sliver Salad" or "Molehill Salad"  Not good.  Wife and I shared a pizza which was decent but nothing like the picture in the menu looked like.

Truthfully, I would have returned all my dishes but there was no one to talk to.  I felt horrible for the table next to us.  They had triplets who couldn't have been older than 3.  They waited at least 15 minutes for the server to come up to them and another 15 minutes to get their drinks.

My wife went to the bathroom and saw our waitress in there on the phone complaining to her friend about rent money.  She'd make that money if she focused on her tables.  We left her 10%.  I walked in planning on leaving her 50%.

We'll never go back again.  What a shitty corporate establishment.

My amber ale was good.
This review is going to be a bit lopsided because I only come in on Tuesdays for their drink specials.

The food I've had has been really good: flat bread pizzas, spring rolls, lettuce wraps, burgers, and best of all, their pizookie. All of it is great every time. Tuesdays are definitely the days to go; $2 BJ's pints from 10 to close. You'd think the selection of brews to have on special is too narrow, but they've got a beer for anyone. My favorites so far have been the Jeremiah Red (pretty strong Irish red ale), the Nit Wit (Belgian spiced ale), Big Fish (a pale ale stronger than the Piranha pale ale), and the Grand Cru (10% Beligian!). The servers we've had over the past couple years have all been great and really friendly. Totally worth it, if only for the Tuesdays.
I went to BJ's for a group birthday celebration and overall had a good time. The grilled chicken potato was good as usual, as was the berry cider. Our service was a bit slow but the waitress was friendly and trying her best.
The Beer is good, most of the food is ok, but I have a big issue with BJ's.  They advertise their pizza as Chicago style deep dish.  When you order one, you'll know right away why there isn't a single location of this chain in Illinois.  The Pizza is more like something I'd expect to have ordered at Pizza Hut than anything I've had growing up in Chicago.

Have a beer here before seeing a movie next door.  Other than that, there's way better places to eat in and around Chandler Fashion Center Mall.
I know it's a chain restaurant. I know it's in a mall. I know i shouldn't expect more but, I do. I have gone to BJ's many times in California and had consistently good results. Last friday I took a friend and my nephew to eat here and were very disappointed. The service was bad, the food mediocre at best and the prices were no value. I can understand if it was busy and the wait staff was swamped. But when people are standing around and you still have to flag them down for everything from water to the check, inexcusable. Also I am not opposed to paying for food that worth it but, this BJ's I could not justify anything.
The wings here are excellent.  I rate them at the top now that VooDoo Daddy's is no longer in business.  

Their other food items are good as well.  Nothing too special, but very above average.

The wait staff has always performed to my expectations.

If you are a fan of rootbeer, this is the place for you.  They brew their own, and it is magnificent.  It's got a good bite to it.

This place is able to accommodate different types of customers.  They have an outdoor seating area, they have a large bar equipped with flat screen TV's and surrounding bar tables, bar stools, & booths, they have their general dining area wrapped around the middle of those two areas.  

I'd come here for the wings alone.
Very good food.  Good service, even when busy.  Their own microbrews.  What's not to like?
Ive been here a couple times.  The service is not too bad, but if you have somewhere to go, let them know in advance you're in a hurry... they like to take their time.

Ive ordered their sandwiches a few times and have been somewhat satisfied with them.  Nothing incredible, but not horrible.   However I did order their nachos one time.  They bring out this mound of red, green, plain nachos with tons of cheese, chili, peppers, etc all over it.  I was thinking this is gonna be good.  After eating the top half of the nachos (the best part), I find myself tasting nothing  but salt salt and more salt.  in the end, im thinking "Would you like some nachos with your salt?"  

Ive been here at least three times, and probably wont be rushing back anytime soon.
I guess I shouldn't have high expectations for a chain, but I was quite disappointed in this place. Went for happy hour with some friends who apparently like coming here (not sure why though). 

Although I will say that the service was awesome, the "good" ends there. 

The food, meh. We had some apps including calamari (kinda tough), spinach dip (I've had better), and the avocado rolls (the best out of the 3). Not super impressed with any of it. 

The drinks, they were made well, but at $4.75 for WELL on HAPPY HOUR - it really didn't make me very happy at all. 

Next time I will go somewhere else for happy hour where the food and drink prices really do make me happy.
Probably my favorite spot in this city to get Gluten Free pizza! They also take into account cross-contamination for us Celiac's, which means I can go out to eat without stressing or worrying over whether I will have a migraine with the hour. Anybody out there with similar dietary constraints can appreciate the significance of that. Besides the pizza, though, they have a pretty wide variety of GF dishes, and my non-Celiac friends and family always seem to find a dish they love, (my mom always gets one of their pastas). I go here once every few weeks, typically. Love it!
I eat here today. The service was good but not that I complain but we ask for four water and the waitress bring only three. Guess she is distracted. The food is good. I like it when my salad come with thousand island. Yes score! The nachos is okay with sauce but not with eating alone. I like mine salty. Otherwise, I don't have much complained.
Had a wonderful meal with friends at BJ's. They loved the avocado rolls as much as we did (BEST avocado spring rolls ever!) and we all ordered the California chicken sandwich. It did not disappoint! Service was fabulous--those Diet Cokes with vanilla just kept coming. And the Pizookie was a hit as well.
Good quality food & nice staff, our server SAM, rocks! She was attentive, kind, and full of knowledge about the food and refreshments. 
Try the Oktoberfest beer! Then make sure to have dessert--they can make the desserts in a smaller portion size. Mall parking, nice location and comfy and cozy atmosphere.
good beer selection...tried them all!  food menu is a wide as can be...a couple great salads I always get like the italian chopped (which the just changed...bummer) and the french fries are awesome.  the soup and salad endless combo at lunch is a winner
My husband and I were looking for somewhere to eat around Chandler fashion center that gave a mall employee discount, and really no place does. But when we asked at BJ's the manager said he'd give us 10% just because we asked. Can't promise they'll do that everytime, but it was pretty cool and we decided to eat there. We got the fried artichokes and stuffed mushrooms as appetizers, which were very good. Then we split the calzone for two and promised ourselves we'd pace ourselves and take some home. But it was too good and we ended up finishing it.
Our server was pleasant and attentive. 
I have gone back roughly once a month and sit in the bar area killing time until my husband gets off work. The staff never minds and I usually have fun chatting with them on their slower nights. I prefer this location to the one at Park West in Peoria. The staff is much more friendly and apparently the location in Peoria does not have the same deals on Tuesdays.
I've tried to go to this place many times, but the days and times where always  a mistake as it can get really crowded. 

Spoiled for so long with 4 peaks, I had to give it a try no matter what. They have a long list of their own beers and that was the best. I had the Grand Cru seasonal and it was just fine. 

Food is ok too, but they seem to fill your taste with the presentation of massive dishes. I had a BBQ sandwich that was ok but nothing I would order again. French fries are good, but sorry I'm far too adapted now to the ones at 4peaks. 

Friday night or Saturday are the best days to go and frustrate yourself looking a spot to sit. Sunday for lunch worked much better.
What can I say, this place has it all. Great service, a hugh variety of food to choose from.

I really like their pesto chicken grilled pizza, but I could go on forever with all my favorites. Check out there craft beers too.

Simply delicious.
First time visiting BJs last night and I thoroughly enjoyed what I ordered: BBQ Ranch chicken salad with avocado added. The salad was fricken huge and I loved the crispy onions on top. It was cold and refreshing and divine! Hubby got the California burger and said it was ok. All in all, a decent place but was a bit pricey. 12.00 for my salad and 10.00 for his burger that wasn't very big. Strawberry lemonade was ok but Chili's has better. Pizookie was good but they are easy to make at home, not worth it to pay for one here. Service was good although my avocado was initially left off my salad. Would I go back? Yes I would but not often since its kinda pricey for what it is. Would get the salad again, maybe try their pizza, and some of their brews.
I remember coming to this location after a long day at work for HH. Not much has changed. The food choices are still extensive....lots of good beer on hand and the service is still as solid as ever. This is probably my favorite location out of this chain just because over the years, they have been consistent and that's a difficult thing to find nowadays.  

I've always liked their fish tacos and calzones. You really can't go wrong here.
The Pizza rocks. I like the crust.
I love this place!  The staff is super friendly and the food is always good. I especially enjoy the bar area with all of the TVs for enjoying the games. I don't know the Manager's name but he was super helpful when we wanted to celebrate a friend's birthday.
Another restaurant Kevin and I frequent when we are out and about in Chandler. Good prices, and the food is consistently good. I love the vegetarian pizza. In fact, their pizzas are all pretty good. Kevin got the nachos last time, which he enjoyed. I am no beer critic, since I pretty much hate it, but since it is a brewery, I can only assume the beer is up to par. The service is also good, and I love how lively it always is, even at ten on a Monday night. I always walk away satisfied and with the confidence that I have not just wasted my money on mediocre food and drinks. Thanks for being a friend, BJ's!
I come to this establishment every tuesday...Well at least we try to come every tuesday for their awesome $2 draft beer on their beers and $5 mini pizzas. We also come for our favorite waitress who tends to be there when we are there most of the time. When Sam wasn't working her usual tuesday night shifts we were very upset because she always takes great care of us. Yes i come with multiple people because what fun is it with me myself and i during happy hours. 

Anyways my personal favorites are their spinach and artichoke pizza and their southwestern pizza with the chipotle sauce. I am DD every tuesday as well so i have to settle with their ever amazing berry cider brew. Girl Drink? Definitely. But hey im DD...All the time...So keeping it lite and simple woohoo...

=]

One day i will review the darker beers and leave a nice update when i try them which some day i hope to god will and not have to drive after a couple! 

Their food is usually pretty good nothing i would spend full price on though. I heard their jambalaya is out of this world which i have yet to try as well. And as soon i try that too i will put all the beers and other foods on my update i just need a better paying job to feel the need to pay for their bigger dishes when its not a happy hour deal.
I eat here at least once a week. The food is great and I also love how they've expanded their menu as of late to include dishes. I am a huge fan of their blackened salmon.
After hearing so much about BJ's, my brother and I went last night along with our pastor friend who lives just down the street.  We got the fried artichoke as an app, which was very good.  I had a baked potato with chicken and broccoli which was smothered in cheese and my brother had a chili cheese burger (those skinny fries are sooo good!).  Our friend had one of their BJ's deep dish pizza and I had a slice.  Not too greasy and with just the right about of crunch from the dough.  Then we topped it off with the red velvet pazooki, which was amazing!  But it's hard to go wrong with a pazooki.  
The guys tried out a couple beers which they all thought were decent, but non of us are any sort of beer experts.  

Overall the food was great and atmosphere was comfortable, but just a little loud.  Not the kinda place you want to go for peace and quiet, but not overbearing either.  Our server came to check up on us frequently and she was very polite.  

Will come again!
We frequent BJ's on girl's nights. They have good food, a casual atmosphere and great beer. I would give it a higher rating if their prices were a little lower for the type of cuisine you get. Can't go wrong with the crispy artichoke hearts, the pizzas or a baked potato.
Oh BJ's... your manager saved you from getting a 2 star review. We came here to watch the Sharks during the NHL playoffs which was also during the NBA playoffs. Not even exaggerating, EVERY single TV had basketball on... so we asked our server if they could turn ONE TV to the sharks game. So they did and some douche bag at the bar gets upset because the TV in front of him was changed even when there were tons of seats at the bar right in front of the other TVs. Anyways, long story short guy complains, bartender agrees it was stupid to change it, and they change it back to basketball. We were pissed but thankfully, the manager did his rounds to make sure everything was okay and ended up changing another TV for us where we had a good view. Thank you!

We come here very often during football and hockey season. Happy Hour is great, but make sure you sit in the bar area to get HH prices. The great white pizza is amazing, and so is the pizookie! I like it here because it's a great place to come with the family and have a beer!
I was pretty disappointed with our visit here, we were expected so much more. The food was actually pretty good. We got the appetizer sampler combo and there was plenty of food on it. The avocado eggrolls are the best! I was not a fan of the california club flatbread appetizer pizza. I like the texture of the crust, but not a big fan of the toppings. I did not think the aioli that was drizzled on it went well with the pizza. But, you may like it because my girlfriend loved it.

The big disappointment was actually the beer surprisingly. i actually enjoyed my hefeweizen very much. Light, full-bodied and flavorful. The red I tried wasn't very good however. My girlfriend's stout was a huge disappointment. It was actually one of the worst stout we have ever had. Not a lot of flavor and had a weird aftertaste. 

I actually had better experiences with the BJs in California more, I don't know why. Each chain is a little different I guess.
Service is always great, and the waiters are plesant and nice to have serve you.  This is one of my favorite breweries to come too.  They have a good selection of beer that is made in house, and you can also get a growler of any type to take home (or home made root beer, which is also amazing)  I have never had anything less than a great meal in the around 60 times I have ate here.
Brak likes BJ's. For a "brew house" kind of joint, the food is WAY above average.  Some of the servers have been here for years and are great.  Others are horrendous - we've had service ranging from outstanding to unacceptable here.  But the food has been consistently good.  Brak likes the chicken parm lunch special.  The marinara sauce has an extra spicy kick that's both unusual and very tasty.  Would have granted 4 stars if not for the spotty service.  But the food has been consistently good, and is a regular spot on our office lunch rotation.
Just as an FYI to you all they have ended the 2 dollar drafts on Tuesday nights. Apparently it is nation wide and i am extremely upset about this even though i am always DD but still i love their berry cider that is the most amazing cider ever! It just goes hand and hand with their 5 dollar mini pizzas Tuesday nights! but not anymore....

2 dollar drafts please come back!
Enjoyed a night out with an old friend! Had some beer and potato skins and they were fantastic. I love the atmosphere, its warm-themed and and dimmed. Service was great :)
For a brewery type restaurant they do a pretty good job, in fact mabe the best one in town for me. Most of these type of places do a very mediocre jobs with a very extensive menu. 

BJ's has a great gluten free options. the pizza is very good, probably the best I've had in town. good selection of beers. service is always pretty good.
The food was probably a 3 star, but the service and the price were definitely a one star deal.  I think if the server had deigned to crack a smile (Adam I think) his face would have broke.  And it was so overpriced it wasn't funny.  $9 for a mediocre margarita, are you kidding me?     We ended up spending like $50 for lunch, what a bunch of bs.  Would never go back unless unless someone else was paying.
Started with a wedge just to pick something simple. Theirs is really good because their blue cheese is savory blue. Their root beer is smoothe too.
I believe that I may  need to re-visit the place soon so that I can really say more about this that does not just sound stereotypical. What I recall is that I loved the food and that there were some service faux pas.  So, I want to give it another go.  Yelp lovers...bear with me.  I usually do not wait so long to follow up on my reviews that I start.  But I can confirm a really good wedge.
Since I am so anti dives and pubs, this place is a good middle ground for me and my guy friends. It's a great place for happy hour - I love the nice ambiance and cleanliness, they love the huge beer list.
And since it's right at Chandler Mall, I love that we can grab a drink, and I can hit up the sales. Perfect!
I went to BJs for the first time for a dinner with some old co-workers.  I read the reviews before I went so I had an idea of some of the areas where I might have problems.  I am happy to say that my experience was a good  one.  It was a Sunday evening so that might have helped since it was not very crowded.  The weather was nice so our group of 5 sat on the  patio.  The service we received was very good.  He was attentive and funny.  Also was helpful deciding what to order from the enormous menu.  I had their Pumpkin Ale.  It was decent.  I liked it better than Blue Moon's Pumpkin Ale since I could actually taste hints of spices.  I will definitely try other varieties of their own brews when I return.  Two of the other girls in my group went for the root beer.  I tasted it and it was good but I'm not enough of an expert to say it was any different than A&W in a can.  The other two had mixed drinks and found them to be a bit pricey - $9 for a frozen mixed drink?  The table started with chips and salsa.  Nothing special there at all.  I would pass on that in the future.  I ended up having the steak salad and it was very good.  I liked the touch of the roasted potatoes.   All in all a good visit but the food is on the high side so I can't see myself going there often.  If they had a reverse happy hour like Gordon Biersch I could see myself going more, but due to the price I will save trips here for special treats or during their happy hour in the day.
We had the best service ever!!!!!!!!  We sat on the patio and our waitress was Taylor.  She was so attentive, we got our food right away and of course it was delicious!!

One thing that was very odd was that we wanted to speak to her manager to tell her what great service we had, then the manager came out and acted like we were wasting her time.  It was the strangiest thing?????  Just not sure if she wasen't interested in what we were saying, or she had other things that she was doing.

So I would give Taylor 5 STARS, and the manger 1 STAR!!!!
BJ's has a very large menu, too large I think. When you have large chain restaurants with huge menu's you already know that they are trying to cater to the masses rather than producing a really quality specialty item. For the most part I was pleased with my order. I went with the Creole Tilapia, which is on their under 575 calorie menu. I considered the Chicken A La Fresca but the waiter advised me that it wasn't that great. I was very appreciative of his insight and honesty. The beer they serve was pretty good as well. On tap they have everything from a light beer to a nutty oatmeal stout. If you aren't sure what you're in the mood for then BJ's is a good place to go as they have descent food and tons of it.
Ecstatic to know that they offer gluten free menu and that now they have a gluten free pazooki!
While I am not usually a fan of corporate restaurants and brewpubs, BJ's in Chandler is an exception to the rule. The beer is fresh as it is brewed on site and they usually have a couple of offerings that set them apart from the main street amber ale brewpub crowd. The best deal is the all you can eat soup and salad at lunch for around $8.00. Food is above average pub food and the pizzas are a ok. They also make root beer for the kids.
This place was surprisingly better than I thought it would be. I went here for lunch with my grandma yesterday and it was alright. The one thing I really didn't like was that their menu had too many different types of food and the lunch specials, although plentiful, didn't look all that good to me. So we decided to share a few apps. We got the spring rolls, lettuce wraps, and the mozz and tomato salad. The salad was pretty good, the balsamic on it was tangy and it was a decent deal at 3$. The spring rolls were also just alright....they were like a tex mex spring roll....the plate has a lot of rolls, but the sauces they serve with it weren't very spicy or flavorful. The lettuce wraps were kind of the same way.... they were a bit bland, not bad, but not good. We ended the meal with the triple chocolate pizookie. This was the best part....super chocolatey and delicious. I'd go back if I were in the area, but for the price, it isn't anything special.
The food and beer here is the same as at any other BJ's location--consistently solid. The customer service at this location is excellent, however. My friend spilled her beer while trying to maneuver into the booth, and the manager not only replaced the beer, but found her a BJ's t-shirt in the back to wear home.  Totally above and beyond the call of duty.
BJs is hit and miss...I've had good food there, and I've had mediocre food there. I've never had a "great" meal, but that's not really what you're paying for or should expect. 

Everything is pretty ordinary, salads and appetizers are alright, entrees are alright. Service and environment is good typically, and they have some really good beers and good specialty items. Their draft root beer is amazing, and I would end every meal with a BJs pazookie if doing so meant I wouldn't drop dead from heart failure at 35. I like their burgers pretty well, but they took their classic burger off the menu, which was a bummer. It was really good, so that's too bad. 

It's a good place to watch a game or to grab a bite if you're in Chandler, but it's never going to wow you. I'm sure I'll be back soon enough, because it's a solid, reliable place to get a pretty good meal.
I love this sports bar!  Their menu has something for everyone and everything I have tried was better than average.

As you know I'm a salad girl and a good fresh salad is a must, check... they have this.
Their personal size pizza is loaded with cheese and toppings and is good to split as an appetizer or order and devour by yourself. NOTE: Happy Hour has 1/2 price pizza and other appetizers in the bar.

The restaurant is large enough for a group and yet personal enough for a date.

Our service was great and the bathrooms are clean.  Five stars!
Way above average corporate food. Beer selection is excellent. Food is good and service is way above average. My only complaint with the place is the menu. Do I really need to read through a 20 page book to figure out what I want? If you're looking for someplace to kickback and relaxed with a good brew and good food; BJ's is hard to beat
If you want a big and tasty burger get the black and blu burger its so goood! Very juicy
5 star deep dish pizza.  Great sandwiches, good service.  Call ahead to see how long the wait is.  They turn tables quick and staff up so wait time isn't bad.   Located in front near Chandler mall fountains.  You can walk around with pager.
I've been going to BJ's for lunch since they opened.  The food is 5/6 on a scale of 10, but what brings me back is the atmosphere.  It's very comfortable and inviting whether a party of two or twelve.  It's a "must lunch" for out of town guests due to the handcrafted beer selection.  Always a hit and now a "tradition."  First BJ's - then bowling.  After a few Ales, Blondes, Stouts, and Reds, no one cares how many pins they knock down (hee, hee, hee)!  If you haven't been, you should go!  I prefer lunch.  Dinner is crowded.
I'm not quite sure exactly how I feel about this place. I took my family (6 ppl) there for my adult sons birthday. The atosphere was great, the decor was very nice, but the service and the food, not so much.

First we had been waiting so long for a table that my family started getting upset that there were families coming after us who were being seated before us and they were just coming in not waiting like we were. It was painfully obvious that the girl running the seating, was very inexperienced and they need someone with more experience. 

We were finally seated after about 45 minutes and were really looking forward to having a positive experience. Well, there is always hope. 

First the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed. I use to waitress, you never ever ever rush the people you're waiting on. Then it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and the only people who recieved water were the people drinking alcohol. There use to be a time that they put in on your table the minute that you sat down.

To make it short and sweet, the food. Waaaay over priced for what you get. The appetizers were just ok. Nothing to get thrilled over. My daughters fish was over cooked, the hawiian rice that it came with was too sweet, there was nothing balancing it out. My sons huge Black & Blue Burger had this little tiny bit of blue cheese on it. My giant baked patato cost over $8 and the toppings were hardly enough for a mini potato. About 5 minutes after I ordered it, I told the waitress that I had changed my mind and she told me that it was too late. Really too late to change my mind on a baked potato? You have got to be kidding me.  

I spent almost $200 and left disappointed, that should never happen.
I'm kind of in the middle with BJs Brewery I like to go here for lunch every once in a while. Overall the atmosphere is what tends to bring me back its very inviting and relaxing. The food is good I really enjoy their Santa Fe spring rolls as an appetizer, the pizzas are always up to par and lets not forget their skookie they have for dessert yumm!!!  I also love that they have pear cider on tap here where many other places I'm lucky if they serve it at all. Overall its worth stopping in and giving it a try.
I've been to BJ's a lot through the years mainly for lunch and sometimes for dinner. Their beers are excellent. My favorite is the pirahna ale. Everything that I have ordered is always excellent brewery food. My favorite lunch is the California Club flatbread pizza but you can't go wrong with the soup and salad or the sliders. They have a huge menu too. C'mon it's a brewery so you just know that it awesome.
The best steak salad I've ever had! Love the fresh brewed beers too! Excellent menu with choices for everyone including gluten free. Every time I go to Chandler for business, I have to stop in at BJ's at least twice!!
Ok. So one of the lunch companions in our
"foodie club" is actually THE Duke at this 
very establishment. Yup. THAT many check-ins.
I'm not really sure exactly what benefits a 
title like "Duke Of BJ's" would get you. 
Perhaps it might get you out of a speeding 
ticket or get you backstage at a classic rock 
dinosaur reunion show but you might end up
having to "prove" your credentials. So anyway
this place is never my first choice but it
gets voted in our rotation so I'm a regular 
here. The lunch special tacos are light and
make for a decent lunch. The miso salmon is
also good although a bit pricey. And I must
say the Chicken Parmigiana is also quite 
doable. Came here once for a happy hour and
appetizers were meh. Also, you never know
what level of service you'll get. We've got
some very professional and courteous waitresses
and we also have had our share of either totally
clueless or just plain rude waitresses. We
never have seen the latter a second time so 
that's a good thing.
After a full day of shopping and going out, my mom and my friend Austin were starving! We were down in the Awatukee/Chandler area doing some shopping at Ikea, and decided we needed something to eat stat.  We didn't feel like driving very far, so we circled through the mall to see what we could find.

We decided on BJ's as none of us had been there before and the menu looked really good from the outside. Its a beer brewery, but seems to have a really good menu of food items when eating here.  We got seated right away and our server was a real nice gal who answered all our questions.

I went with the roast beef sandwich Au jus.  It came with white horseradish and was delicious!  My mom went with the tomato bisque soup and ceaser salad, and my friend Austin ate the bacon cheeseburger with some fries.  OMG food was so good!

Water and beverages were filled quickly without being asked, and everyone here was happy.  I would love to come here and drink, as they have an awesome drink menu, but since I was driving everyone all over town AND we were with my mom, I guess I'm going to have to come back another time and get my adult beverage on here!

I will say, the only negative thing I have to say about this place was that it was freezing inside! It was so cold that my mom had to go outside to warm up.  It was quite cold, but I was able to stick it out, but when my mom was outside warming up, so befriended another customer who was outside trying to warm up too!
This place is good.  I have nothing bad to say...it's your standard brewery type place...although the menu is the like the size of Cheesecake Factory's.  Depending on how busy it is, service can be really good, to fair.  We don't go out of our way to go here, but if we're in the area, we'll drop in occasionally.
We had guests visiting from California, so we decided to take them out to BJ's for dessert for their famous pizookie! What a horrible idea. Each one of us had it, and each one of us got sick. I mean sick like vomiting and diarrhea! Will never go back there again.
We really love the food, atmosphere and beer!  Watched the NBA finals the other night and it was perfect.
Went here the first night in Surprise, AZ with my sister, her boyfriend, and my husband. We were visiting them for a few days and they highly recommended this place. 

We got the pot stickers and mozzarella sticks and both were very delicious. My husband had the porkchop and said it was very good. I got the small bite meatballs and they were very good. My sister got the small bite mac and cheese and we all tried a bite of it and it was very good. Her boyfriend got a hamburger and said it was ok. 

This place was reasonably priced and it was worth going to.
I think that BJ's is a hit-and-miss kind of place. Today was just meh. We three gals were out to lunch before a movie at the Chandler Mall location. The menu is huge, the TV's are on with sports action, the drinks were cold, service is adequate, and the food is too. We all had salads - three different salads actually. I had the ahi tuna and though the tuna was plentiful throughout, the tuna was way too peppery and the salad was soggy. One of my friends had the Thai chicken mango salad with the dressing on the side, which made it a lot less goopy. My other friend had the honey crisp chicken salad but the chicken was missing-in-action. It sure didn't look like the picture. Our server was unfamiliar with the menu and couldn't answer our questions. Maybe she was new? I know that it's tough to be a waiter/waitress and they sure do work hard. But hey, a smile and some friendly service goes a long way with me.
I do my ratings and reviews based off of Customer Service, Quality, Taste, and portion size of the food and drinks, and the cleanliness and style of the restaurant.....

This is by far a new favorite place for me and my husband..... Me, my mother, husband and 5 month old son went to the restaurant on a weekday night around 10:00pm after leaving the movies..... ( We Saw "Brave" Great Movie) 

Anyhow, lets get right to the important stuff when we entered the restaurant it was very clean, the setting was very romantic, it is a very smooth relaxing place for grown mature adults and families....  We received Friendly customer service immediately as soon as we walked through the door.... Since it was a pretty late  Monday nite  it wasn't too busy so, our waitress informed us that we could sit wherever we pleased.... We took a seat in a nice big round booth that was pretty comfy.... 

The waitress was very nice and pleasant..... Their menu is huge they have everything from Lobsters to burgers, salads, pizza and everything in between except for breakfast.... They specialize in freshly brewed beer and drinks.... Me and my husband don't drink so unfortunately I can't give a review on the alcohol.... Once seated the waitress took our drink order and me and my mom ordered they're Strawberry-Lemonade...... It was cool and refreshing, very tasty, the drink had plenty of strawberries the lemonade was not tart or too sweet, it was just right..... The waitress told us that they make it fresh every morning.... They actually charge per glass for the strawberry-lemonade..... But, our waitress gave us free re-fills...... (So in return she received a huge tip) 

So on to the best part.... (I did taste everyone's dish)The food was Hot, freshly made, and very flavorful....  My mother ordered grilled pork chops with mashed potatoes and veggies.... Her meal also came with this awesome sauce which I will get into in a moment....  The grilled pork chops were so tender and juicy the seasonings and flavors were just right..... I will most definitely be ordering that next time I go again..... They also gave my mom this great vinaigrette, red wine, mustardy, type of sauce for the pork chops.... The sauce was amazing.... The mashed potatoes where fresh and hand mashed or blended (either way it wasn't instant mashed potatoes) They were red potatoes and they were seasoned just right and they were delicious.... (my 5month old son loved them) The mixed veggies were steamed and seasoned lightly.... They still had a nice crisp to them and great bright color..... 

Now my husband he ordered the salmon with veggies and white rice.... His salmon was very moist and  tasty......  The rice was lite and fluffy..... The veggies were crispy and very refreshing.... My husband had water with his meal....

Last but not least, I ordered the steak salad... The salad was green, fresh, crispy and cool it had romaine lettuce and a lot of other great healthy greens.... the salad came with a very flavorful vinaigrette dressing.... they placed the steak on the side of the plate.... I think that they were a little stingy with the steak.... but other than that the steak was juicy cooked med-well and had a great taste..... The salad was very fulfilling and tasty..... it also came with a piece of bread and it was good nothing to brag about..... 

Overall this is one of my favorite restaurants.... Me and my husband usually go here for our date nites and when we want to be romantic..... Its a great atmosphere and the food is amazing.....
Please turn up the AC!!! The food was ok, just not very excited about this place. Best thing about it is the Light switch beer.
Santa Fe Spring Rolls are the best!
So this is actually one of my best places to go for happy hour. Good drink selection and a nice ambiance. Second time around did not disappoint me. Calamari was great and do try to Mediterranean veggie pasta dish....very healthy.
We are a regular at this particular location.  It is a great place to hang out.  

The portions are large and we frequently share a dish.  The atmosphere is enjoyable.  It is a sports bar that actually feels like a nice restaurant.

Great value.  We go there once a week.
BJ's might not be a Mom and Mom/local establishment, but when you've found yourself at a ubiquitous Shopping Center/Movie Theater and you're hungry...it's more of an oasis than say, Sbarros? But, I digress...

The menu is crazy varied- You want something with an Asian flair, Mexican, or Italian? They've got it all --- Plus nicely crafted brews. Oh, and the notorious pizzookie.

Ask the servers what they would recommend. They're more familiar with menu...and I have yet to be steered wrong direction.
Absolutely delicious!
We always have the best service and the best food.   thank you for always being consistent.
The family and I love this place, as does anyone I've taken there. 

First time I went I had a cheeseburger pizza - huge and delicious. 

Their beer is great too - brewed right on the spot. 

My wife loved the fish tacos -- it says a lot about a place that every time you go, everything you try, is fantastic. 

You'll pay a little bit, but it's worth it.
I've gone here a few times and have always liked the food and service. I like coming for their happy hour (and reverse happy hour). Their menu is huge (think Cheesecake Factory) but everything I have had is good. The ambience of the restaurant is nice, not a big place but it's cool to see the brewery through the glass next to the restaurant. I would recommend the pizza!! They also do a pizza cookie but I LOVE the fact they have a brownie...mmm! They also do a trio of cookies, which is amazing. The only con's would be price and their chips & salsa. Both can be improved :)
My man had a wild hair to go here tonight and so we went. We both ordered top sirloin, but his came with a bleu cheese butter sauce on top. Mine came with no toppings, and the waitress didn't offer steak sauce. Hmm. Since I like my steak well done, one would surmise that I would probably want something to dip it in or pour over it, n'est-ce pas? But no. We waited for her to come back, he asked her for steak sauce and she comes back and puts it on HIS side of the table. You know, the side with the steak that already has a topping. Uhduh? 

Also, I ordered my steak well done and it was perfect, albeit DRY as there was no sauce and I almost choked on it. But he ordered his medium, and it came out with no pink. Huh?

All in all, a good deal for the dinners which were around $16 each. Good calamari app. Nom nom. The wine I chose was delicious - a blend, they're usually better. The garlic mashed potatoes were yummy too. This is the 2nd time we've dined here since moving to Phoenix and I still give it a thumbs up. The first time I enjoyed the "Enlightened Thai Chicken Mango Salad" and highly recommend it if you're into that kind of dish. But if you order steak, be careful to order it less done than you really want it. I probably could've played hockey or maybe football with mine. Good gracious.

No other snafu's tonight, except that the tables outside were a bit too close and as the large party next to us was being seated, my boyfriend had a bunch of butts in his face. Back that ass up, ladies....actually, WE had to push our table away twice. And later a waiter was trying to carry like a million plates away from a table and of course he dropped them and scared us, giving us a few more grey hairs (thanks a lot). This stuff happens and it's like eh, whatever, who cares. But these details do kind of dampen the ambiance. 

Really love the large selection of everything! Iron out the deets, BJ's Brewhouse!
Wanted to have a nice ambiance and good food while on the a business trip here.
Found BJ location quite nearby and it didn't disappoint. I hadn't try there sandwich before so gave a shot for the chicken club sandwich with thin fries. I have to say the bread and chicken used is perfect combo with just the correct seasoning. 
I also tried the italian soda - orange flavor, it was yummy and free refills :)
Great ambience and food.
This is a nice place to relax and have a drink or a meal while you're in the Chandler mall area. It's actually on the mall property, so it's easy walking distance from the mall itself and the nearby Harkins theater. I recommend hitting them for happy hour between 3-7 weekdays and then taking in some shopping or a movie.

The menu is rather extensive and most of the offerings are quite tasty. The avocado egg rolls in particular stand out, and they usually have interesting offerings like bratwurst sliders and other bar food. 

Some of the beers really stand out, and this is why you'd want to visit BJ's in the first place. If they have the seasonal Grand Cru, definitely give it a try, but don't plan on driving anywhere any time soon, as it's a very strong brew (10% abv). The porter and stout are very good. The hefeweizen is a bit watery and underwhelming.
The stout is my favorite here... great place for happy hour. Cheap beer and the mini pizzas are half off. The pizookie alone should get 5 stars. My only complaint? Too many choices. You would think that is a good thing... well its not. I get so overwhelmed with choices I end up getting the same thing every time. Food prices are a bit high. They could certainly tone down the portions a bit, nobody should ever finish an entire serving here... its always way too much food.
Big, chain restaurant with a huge TV in the bar. Happy hour prices are good and the bartender was nice while we waited for a table. We were there for a birthday party and the server did a good job handling a big party. The food was average for this type of restaurant and the prices were reasonable.
This is my fav Chandler, AZ restaurant for good reason. Amazing pizza and amazing cali chicken sandwich and AMAZINGGGG PIZOOKIES, too bad my north east friends have no idea what the hell a pizookie is but this is the shit. The best thing to grace the designation of dessert is the white chocolate macadamia nut pizookie. Great prices too this place really knows how to get you to come back.

Relatively quick service on balance, lots of TVs for watching games. I haven't had the beer yet but its a brewery so I'm sure its good.
Slow service and cold nachos. I did like the seasonal Red Beer but the food and service were disappointing. My family has been conning here for years and while the food was never amazing, it was consistent and what I expected. This time food and service was both poor. We waited for ever the check and finally had to grab someone after ten minutes of not seeing our server again. Next time I'll just have the beer.
I've been here a lot but recently signed up with Yelp, so have never been able to write a review until now.

The food here is pretty good. I especially like their shoe-string french fries. However, it seems that every single time I go here, I have a problem with the service. Whether it's the fact that I never see the server, to having the food take WAY too long to come out, to the server being rude, Bj's never ceases to fail. One time I ordered a regular pizzookie, and the server brought out the Oreo flavor. When I mentioned that I ordered the regular pizzookie, his response was "no you didn't".... Uh okay....? However the most recent time I came here was for a birthday party. There were only 11 of us, however to get through appetizers, dinner, and dessert took TWO AND A HALF HOURS. Too ridiculously long, I almost didn't want to go through the hassle of ordering dessert. I ordered my steak medium well and it came out medium rare. My boyfriend ordered his burger well done and it came out medium. AFTER he had ordered his burger on a different bun than it came out on, he had to have it sent back again to be cooked correctly. After already waiting about an hour and a half to eat his food with everyone, he had to wait an extra 15 minutes while everyone else had their food. The manager did come over and apologize, which did help.
Love it!
Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and service

Food lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.

This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.
Great beer! If it was the beer by itself I were rating, bj's would get 5 stars.The blond and piranha pale ale are my favorites. Food is good, but service is hit or miss(never actually had terrible service, however only once had fantastic service). I go for the beer! And you should too!
I've been to quite a few restaurant/breweries, but BJ's has to be one of the best. This one in particular (Chandler, AZ) seemed brand new and had all sorts of indoor and outdoor dining options. The high ceilings made it feel open and welcoming, and the bar was quite the sight to see. Prices were very reasonable and our waitress was prompt and friendly. BJ's has a HUGE menu; there's something for everybody here, but the deep dish pizzas are definitely what you write home about.

The only reason I can't award this BJ's full marks is because the address on the website wasn't accurate (we had to call the restaurant because our GPS/maps apps all took us to an incorrect location) and one person in our party received something she didn't order, prompting an extended dining experience.

Otherwise, BJ's in Chandler has a great atmosphere, delicious food, and good beer. I highly recommend the "Great White" pizza!
3.5 stars

Nice ambiance, okay food, good beer on tap. We went for reverse happy hour ($2 off of shareable apps, half off pizza). We tried the avocado egg rolls, ahi poke, and nachos. The egg rolls were pretty good but everything else was okay.
Beer is ok.

Food...meh.

After watching more restaurant rescue shows than are healthy I should have learned a long time ago that any place with a menu the size of a phone book does mediocre food at best.  BJs is no exception to this rule.

The menu appeared to be heavy on pizza like products so I figured going that direction was the best bet...so I ordered a flat bread.  It was supposed to have tomatoes, cheese and sausage.  Tomatoes, yes.  Cheese, yes.  Sausage...not so much.  There were a few (and I mean a few, sausage piece like substance on the flat bread, but I wouldn't say it was enough to qualify as saying the flat bread had sausage.

As for the bread part of the flat bread it was crispy in parts and soggy in parts.  Overall not a good effort.

So assuming you can't make the most prominent thing on your menu (pizza like products) well it is fair to assume that the products on the other 90 pages of the menu (yes an exaggeration...its probably only 12 pages long) are, in all likelihood, mediocre also.
This is not your usual sports bar fare.  The Thai Chicken salad is amazing! Juicy chicken, fresh avocado & a delicious dressing on fresh greens. I'm embarrassed to say I ate every bite!

You can get the usual items on a sports bar menu but the difference is they take the care to make sure everything is top quality.  I haven't had anything here that wasn't fresh and well prepared.

The servers are friendly and attentive.  I don't give 5 stars easily but this establishment
takes the time and puts in the effort to deserve it.
Our meal was great! Small portions for such a large price though...I ordered the quesedilla which came out as half of one for $9...hmm...We waited about 15 minutes to be greeted by our server. Might give it another chance because the food was great.
Great place for good food during HH! I invited my picky friends here and they loved the food! Yes yes yes, they have an "enlighted" delish menu. BIG thumbs up for that. Menu is similar to that of Cheesecake Factory? super long w/so many choices. We had the shrimp lettuce wraps on the patio and Chicken ala fresca with veggies (minus rice).  It was prepared exactly as asked. One friend had the burger grill which looked super yummy...They even have a "light" version of the draft for you beer consumers ;) Overall? Dont let the name fool you, this place is good for a really nice, clean, healthy, fun and chilaxin time. Enjoy!
What is that smell?!? Just walked in, had to leave to throw up... Didn't make it past the hostess stand :/
Food was good. But I don't feel like our server paid much attention to us until we had to call out excuse me a few times. I came with my niece and I myself look pretty young so I felt like she didn't care much about us cause she thought we were just kids or something. Lol. But nonetheless I'll probably be coming back to try other items, hopefully I won't have that server again!
This place has one of the largest menus I've seen in a while. To top it all off the food is pretty frickin' good. The burgers are better than many other chain restaurants I've tried. The pizza is surprisingly great. And the appetizers are good enough to make it a main meal.
I had to go for a work function. I feel obligated to write something since it's a restaurant and this is Yelp, and I ate food. As I get older, I get less tolerant of chain food. BJ's is so prototypical, that I couldn't stay for very long. The service was agitating at best... food was sub-par. I truly hope I dont have to go back anytime soon. I gave 3 stars because some people like chain food, and this was only below average, not horrible.
Decided it was time for a half-pound burger, had their bacon burger which was very good.  Not a real fan of the ambience and might stop by here on occasion.
I really like going to BJs when I am in town visiting my family. They have a HUGE menu so everyone can get exactly what they want. But much like the Cheesecake Factory, everything on the menu is not great. In my opinion, the pizzas and pasta dishes leave much to be desired. The sandwiches, soups, burgers, salads, and appetizers are very yummy. My favorite is the clam chowder in a bread bowl. So. Good.

This appears to be a great place for groups.The staff is very accommodating, and attentive, and the restaurant is very big. Friday and Saturday nights are generally packed with people, understandably so with the good food, relaxed atmosphere, and the beer/drink menu. If possible, I would call ahead or be prepared for wait a bit.

As I mentioned before, this place has an extensive beer and alcohol menu. My dad and uncle love this place for the beers, and I love this place for the cocktails. I have not been for happy hour, but I hear it is great. 

Definitely A-OK place for lunch/dinner in Chandler. I think as far as places go in the area, this is top notch.
I had a parmesan chicken sandwich there and it was really good. my bill was average too. service was nice and relatively quick. I'd definitely go again for lunch.
I have eaten at BJ's a few times when in the area and it has always just been okay. Last night was no different. The beer selection on tap is great and the cocktail menu is pretty good.

Service last night was not the best. Our waiter forgot about us a few times throughout the night, and I watched another waiter tell him to check on us before he was once again going to go into the kitchen without checking on us. We ordered two side salads before our entrees and I must say they were a sad excuse for a salad. Iceberg lettuce, a few carrots and watery ranch. Yuck. I ate a little and decided to wait it out for my entrée.

I ordered a mini bacon cheeseburger pizza and my fiancé had the jalapeno pepper jack burger. The first few bites of my pizza were pretty tasty, it had a combination of cheddar cheese, dill pickles, ground beef, bacon and a special sauce. I had eaten it before on a previous visit and really liked it. After the first few bites the pizza seemed very doughy and not cooked all the way through. I might have sent it back but service was quite slow and I did not feel like waiting another thirty minutes. My fiancé's jalapeno burger was okay. It was not bad but not great. The fries were very tasty.

We did finish off our meal with a chocolate chip pizookie. That is the saving grace to the whole meal. Warm cookie with ice cream mmmmm..... 

I might be back if it is a late night and I am coming out of a movie. I don't think that I would get to adventurous with the menu. I would stick to beer, apps and a pizookie.
I went to BJ's for Father's day with my family and had a great experience. The waitress often checked on us, the wait was a little 20 mins even after we called ahead. The food was deliciously fresh. The menu has a large selection for anyone. I ordered the buffalo wings and there wasn't a single flaw in them. I love the hand-crafted root beer. My brother ordered the ribeye and was over cooked, sent it back for medium rare and got another medium well! I guess they're not a steak place. No bread like the other restaurants, which was a bummer!
I usually order from the small plate menu but decided to go with a shrimp pasta dish the last time I was there. Unfortunately it wasn't great, or good, only blah. Too little shrimp and way too much pasta. The flavor was bland, so bland that I had to constantly pepper each bite. I'm going to stick with what I enjoy best, the small plates.
I tried 2 of the new bbq menu items this time around and I was not disappointed.  The Corn Fritters with the bacon aioli (which I posted a picture of) were super delicious and only $2.95, I was sad that I had to share...The Jallejulah fries (also pictured) where good too, not as spicy as I would have liked but it was definitely a unique taste.

I had the grilled Mahi Mahi Mahi tacos (guess what? there's also a picture of these!) off the lunch menu and they were quite good.  The tacos came with chips and a small dish of salsa and guacamole.  Not a big fan of the guacamole, it was too soupy for my taste. My friend had chicken tenders they looked good but I didn't try them.

The lunch and happy hour prices are really good.  I love going for happy hour and having the mini pizzas.  Plus I'm a rewards member, so I get points for eating there.
Holy crap, the mac n cheese. My friend Syd had the Club which she gave me a bite of and it was amazing. We each had a different kind of beer, I had the blonde which I hadn't tried before. Delicious. Also- I love the atmosphere, it's open space and seating makes it so you aren't IN someone else's conversation. 

We sat in the bar area at a table before we saw a movie, and the only negative was how long everything took. They were really packed and only had one server on, so it wasn't surprising but we were really hungry.
Finally tried BJ's. It is one of those menus like The Cheesecake Factory. Not as bad though, but slightly long and overwhelming. 

Best part was that I was finally let in on the secret of the Pizookie! YUM!!! I went with the traditional chocolate chip and was not in the least bit disappointed! I could eat those all day....

This location: busy, but service was good especially for how busy they were. 

Food I tried:
Avocado Egg Rolls--my favorite! So yummy!
Mac and Cheese--my least favorite. Dry and tasteless.
Roasted Vegetable and Goat Cheese Flatbread--I love anything with goat cheese!
Great White Pizza--not bad, not good, did the trick.
Pizookie-SEE ABOVE AMAZINGNESSSSSSS
Came here of my Birthday dinner with my girlfriend. I haven't been here since probably they opened way back in the day. It is one of my girlfriends favorite places and after the first place we were going to go to was full of obnoxious drunk people I decided we should come over here after hearing her talk about it. It turned out to be a great decision.
There was a 20 minute wait when we arrived but that was not a big deal and not to bad for a Saturday night at a place at a mall. We put in our name and we were given a buzzer so we waited. The hostess even used my name when we came back in when the buzzer went off. Not a big deal but a nice touch. Most places ask for a name and never use it. The place was pretty busy but still not too loud. We got a nice booth and started to look over the menu. They had a lot of stuff that looked good. My girlfriend advised against any pasta dishes as she felt they didn't measure up. Of course she is part Italian so she is going to be a touch critic on Italian dishes. I saw the double cheese burger and my eyes lit up. Can't pass that up. Well it turned out to be a good and bad thing. That burger was HUGE but so good. Big patties, bacon, cheese and everything else. Cooked just how I wanted it. Very good. As got the spicy potato wedges, another tip from the girlfriend, they were delicious. Good thing I was hungry from swimming most of the day but I still couldn't quite finish it. Also I was saving some room for a Pizookie. Which I had never had and my girlfriend never goes to BJs without getting one.
I ordered the triple chocolate one and even though there was a little bit of a wait for it, they don't make it until you order it, it was so worth the wait. So ooey and gooey and good. I will definitely be having one too every time we come back here.
Overall, I really liked this place. Maybe won't get such a huge burger next time but I will be back. I also really like their in house beer. I had the Scottish ale and it was really good. I would like to try more of their different beers next time.
There will definitely be a next time. This was a great Birthday dinner capping off a great day.
We had a mixed experience here today.  I'll start with the positive:  The appetizer platter we got was very good and the kids LOVED the mozzarella sticks.  The adults enjoyed the avocado spring rolls, the other kind of spring rolls (not sure what they were called), and the artichoke dip with chips. The beers we selected were also good.  I loved mine, but once again I can't remember the name (it was the one our waitress said was the closest to a blue moon beer).  Lastly their thin and crispy fries were wonderful!  
Ok, so now for the bad:  The men in our group ordered some kind of chicken tacos and the other ordered a personal size pizza...both were TINY portions.  I was not thrilled with the so called sourdough bread that my California chicken sandwich was on...the bread tasted a little burnt.  The worst thing about this meal was that the waitress announced that they were out of the chocolate chip pazookie dessert for the rest of the evening....WHAT?!  When you have little kids that look forward to this dessert, it is not a good thing when you are told that!  This was a late Saturday afternoon...how do you not have plenty of those desserts on hand for a SATURDAY NIGHT????  I still enjoyed the white chocolate and macadamian nut mini pazooki that I got and the kids liked the cookies and cream one they tried.  The pazookies at Oreganos are still better in my opinion....
Anyway, not sure if we will be going here again, but maybe we'll try the deep dish pizza next time.
My 2nd time at BJ's was last week. This is a busy business, but has adequate seating between the bar, the huge and beautiful restaurant and outside patio seating. We waited around 15-20 minutes on a busy night, but definitely worth it.

Sometimes you go places and the menu is so small that it's either really easy or really hard to make a decision. Not the case with BJs! The menu is practically a bedtime storybook, which is awesome because you get to decide from a huge array of dishes, but also a pain because you want to eat everything, as in the case of myself! Boyfriend got the buffalo chicken wonton tacos for an app and he enjoyed them. He had the lighter option pork chops and enjoyed those as well. I had a burger and fries and it was very good. Service was good, too! 

Another great thing is the dessert menu, which has a lot of good options, especially more than the average restaurant. (I'm not lying! See here: http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/menus/desserts). Opted for the Baked Beignet, but they were out of it, so 2nd choice was the Oreo Cookies N Cream Pizookie! It was suuuuper delicious. I joined their rewards club and always get e-mails for deals, so I suggest signing up, it's worth it! Cannot wait to go back, just wish it was closer to my place!
I was pleasantly suprised at how good my steak was! Love their beer too.. definitely a fan of their house hefe
This is a good spot for food beers and good food. It's very similar to Cheesecake Factory in that it offers a wide array of foods. I've always had great service and great tasting food here. A little busy  on weekend nights. My favorite dish here  are their avocado egg rolls.
The atmosphere here is pretty nice for a weekend dinner. The massive TVs always have a good game on to watch. The food is pretty good but not amazing. The pasta was decent. The pizza is there area they shine.
I ordered the avocado roll as usual but this time it was complete mush and have the worst a flavor ever this has always been my favorite dish and I always order it...
as a main dish I ordered the barbecue beef sandwich .....the bread was hard ,as a rock the cheese wasn't melted and the beef was overcooked and crunchy this was terrible food at this restaurant this time I won't be back.   
this BJ Brewhouse was the most disappointing I have ever been to.
Honestly this is the worst BJ's I've ever been to. Service was slow. Root Beer tap was broken. Spinach and artichoke dip was cold when we got it. Pizookie was not fresh. Just not the best. My sandwich was still great which is why this is a 3. Could have been worse.
It pains me to be here at HH when Kona is a few feet away offering the tastiest treats for next to nothing. Instead i'm at BJ's for a company HH, trying to make the best of it.

The only great thing about their HH is the $4 you-call its. They're not you-call-it-wells, they're you-call-it-anything, so my smart-ass self ordered top shelf gin with ginger beer. Unfortunately, they didn't have my favorite (Hendricks) OR ginger beer, so I caved with Tanqueray on ginger-ale. Sad, but still a damn good deal for $4.

We ordered the lettuce wraps and egg rolls at $6 each as a HH special price. Funny thing about HH pricing, you sorta expect it to be the same regular menu item at a discount price (which is why you're so "happy" to attend). Well, a little investigation lead me to realize that the appetizers on the HH menu are SMALLER than their regular-priced counterparts.  The lettuce wrap on HH comes with 3 individual leaves of lettuce with a miniature sample of the meaty sauce while the menu displays the lettuce wraps as 4-6 leaves surrounded  by multiple bowls of filling. How fishy.

Then the egg rolls appeared. 4 tiny little nubs of fried dough with avocado that tastes like its drowning in mayo. Did I really just pay $6 for this? Is this really a "deal". I think i'll just have a liquid-gin dinner for HH and call it a day. No thank you.
I came here with my co-workers for a team lunch. We do this every quarter and decided come here cause they can handle large parties and they have a big variety menu. 

When we got here our table was already setup and once we sat down our server was really quick to provide us with our drinks. I ordered the California Burger. I thought that this was really good. Bursting with flavor. The burger was on a grilled sourdough bread with avocado, green chilies, pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayo, and ranch. Burger was very moist and perfect. It came with shoestring fries. Half the plate was filled with fries. It was a huge lunch meal but really worth it. 

As for the service, our server was always checking on us. Refilling our drinks and clearing the empty plates. We even had the manager come by to make sure everything was okay. It seemed like they really cared for us. 

So overall, I would say that we had a really enjoyable time. We had a table over 10 people and the service and food came out in a reasonable time. The only regret was that I didn't order their Pizookie. Those are so good. Enjoy...
After being gone for two years, I was extremely excited about coming back to this restaurant and extremely disappointed to find the most hateful hostess waiting to seat me. There was not a welcoming smile or even look when she asked number of party. She then explained how to find our table and told us to go sit and she would bring the menus along. First impression of one of my favorite past times was horrible, however, the server was amazing and the food was delicious. Must try the honey-crisp  chicken salad!
BJ's is a pretty great place.  It's a chain, but don't let that turn you off.  They have a large, delicious menu, and a selection of both on-site brewed, locally-brewed, and general beers.  It's got a nice atmosphere, so would be suitable for a business lunch, date, or just a trip with friends.

This location is in a plaza with a large mall, theater, and a ton of other places, so it's a great place to go, have a couple brews, and then do some shopping or see a movie!
I absolutely love this place! Beers are amazing there, the Piranha Pale Ale is definitively my favorite. 
Food is also great, I tried several things on the menu and I never was disappointed. Their lunch specials are very good deals. Refill soups and salads.
Great beer on Tap! Love the lunch specials, quick service in the bar.. $$ is good
BJ's is your typical chain brewery I think.  It's not quite as good as a 4 Peaks because well, everyone likes a one of a kind over a chain...the good ones any way.  

I feel like one of the downsides is that their menu is like a novel.  I mean my gosh, make a decision here...what kind of food do we want to serve?  I don't want to read through a Cheesecake Factory sized menu when I just want to get a beer and good eats. It's not bad food, it's pretty good - nothing above and beyond but also nothing to write home about.  I have tried the Grilled Chicken Pasta which was just okay.  The second time I went I had the Balsamic Glazed Chicken which was actually pretty delicious. 

I haven't gone too much into the beer menu as I'm not a huge beer drinker, but the list is actually pretty big.  Service was great both times, servers were always very friendly and the place was clean.  

I'm sure I'll be back here at some point, occasionally it's comforting to know exactly what you're getting in to rather than the unknown. :)
There are a lot of bar and grill restaurants, so what makes BJ's stand out?

Service: The hostesses and servers are always friendly and willing to answer questions about the extensive menu. They always make me feel like a welcome guest.

Beer: They brew their own beer, and each type I have tried has been pretty good. They also have a respectable selection of other beers, as well as wines and cocktails.

Food: I am always impressed at how consistently good the menu items are. They serve lots of different types of food, and I have yet to find a weak link. The jambalaya I had yesterday was extremely delicious. It had meat or vegetable in every bite, and it was large enough for me to spread over lunch and dinner. Other hits include the calzones, pizza, burgers, pasta, and sandwiches.

They seem to be everywhere nowadays, but don't miss BJ's assortment of Pizookies. Get the original, or indulge yourself with the triple chocolate.

Ambiance: It is a large dining room with a high ceiling, so it's never that loud. The decor is modern and classy, making it a suitable place for just about any occasion.

Value: The portion sizes range from large to huge. Lunch specials start at $6, and regular prices are very fair.

This location is right next to the Harkins movie theater, and it makes a great place to stop after seeing a flick.
We've only been here once but we really liked the booth setup.  Shoestring fries were very delicious, the fish was ok, the Asian salad was also very good.  Seems like typical college co-ed sports bar and the wait staff were very fast.
I don't know what I was thinking BJ's was, but not what it is. I thought it was a run-of-the-mill steakhouse, and it's more of a run-of-the-mill brewery. Does this make a difference, you might ask - and yes it does. 

So, as this will not become a stable of mine, my visit did make me want to come back in the right mindset and the right company. Plowing through brews and sliders - yeah, I can see that happen.

OK, so the service is standard, and the food seems very basic and the brews are a bit interesting.. but I did notice that besides having quite a few Pale Ale's and IPA's, every other ale is pronounced to be 'hoppy'. What if I don't want a hoppy beer, nor want the token lager that is the stand-in for the go-to Bud/Miller/Corrs/30for$20 kinds of beer. I guess my options are limited, but I will need to plow through them all before I conclude that BJ's might oversell their product just a bit.

I started with the Jeremiah Red, and wasn't blown away. I'd ask more of a Red Ale, and this was way middle of the road. Also very hoppy, even if it suggests being 'Not too hoppy in order to emphasize the complex malt flavor and fruity aroma'. I do not concur - I think its was too hoppy for a Red Ale. I will have to go hard next time to evaluate their brews. I have a feeling that I will not be all too impressed - but then again I will try to remain unbiased. 

So where does this leave me? Nah, it's all right I guess.. and I will come back when the time is right.
Waited 20 min to be seated. Had terrible service and almost left. The pizza was ok and I was not much of a fan of the beer. My wife had it in Ohio and loved it but she said this BJ's was not nearly as good. Hard to find parking at this mall.
After some horrible dining experiences the past few days, this might be the only place I come to from now on. The food is always good and cooked right, the staff is always friendly, and the beer is cold and priced right. Keep up the good work!
I was contacted today by Tiffany at BJ's in regards to my review and was issued an apology for the bad experience and offered a gift certificate to make a return trip, hopefully with better results. Great customer service on BJ's corporate part.
My family and I tried this place last night and I was disappointed. First, the menu reads like Chili's or an Appleebee's, in which this place offers everything under the sun. Experience tells me this is not a good sign. Second, as suggested, the food was sub par. I tried their specialty deep dish pizza and it just tasted like a pizza from Pizza Hut. My daughter ordered the Mac and Cheese and it just average. 

As for the beer, it was actually good. I wouldn't mind hitting up this place for Happy Hour, but if you are looking for a quality brewery to eat at, try Four Peaks or San Tan.
Let me start of by saying that BJs is absolutely fantastic. 
The roast beef au jous dip is orgasmic. It is literally an explosion of endorphins in your mouth. The meat is tender, med rare, and the au jous is overflowing with herbs and spices. Ladies, bring a towel with you, because the chair WILL be wet. I hope your men aren't jealous, because believe me, THIS meat will be the best meat you have ever put in your mouth. Each bite of this mouth-pleaser will go straight to your pants area. 
Seriously. Roast beef dip. Do it
We were at a fund raiser and they were handing out this amazing chicken salad with all kinds of fresh and delicious ingredients.  We asked where the salad was from and we were told BJ's.  So, after the fundraiser, we head over to BJ's.  We were told that there was a 15 minute wait so we sat out on a bench right outside of the restaurant.  The dancing water show is really cool to watch and helps quickly pass the time.  After a few minutes of waiting, a waiter came out and offered us a sample slice of pizza.  Wow!  That was the best, melt-in-your-mouth pizza my taste buds have ever been introduced to!  Now, I had a serious dilemma!  I was there for their yummy salad but the pizza was so awesome that I wanted the pizza too.  But, I didn't want to leave 20 lbs heavier.  When we sat down, my wife and I ordered a beer...the root kind.  Amazing!  If you like root beer, this place has a very smooth and great tasting "homemade" root beer.  I ordered the Chicken Barbecue Salad (I think that what it's called) and sure enough, it was just as good as it was at the fundraiser.  The atmosphere was great too!  My wife and I were hypnotized by the brightly lite bottles on display at the bar.  When we were finished with the meal, we were really bummed that we were full.  We wanted to get Pazookie!  So, our waiter went the extra mile and made it portable.  Yes, Pazookie to go was awesomely delicious even if you eat it for dessert at home.  

If you're in the Chandler area and you need some excellent food.  Try out BJ's!
A great place to hang out and have an awesome meal with friends. Great food and beer. fast, friendly service.
The service sucked. But the fish tacos and Mac & Cheese did not. 

Our server never smiled, checked on us once, I had to ask twice for water, and never got a refill.  Usually, I would avoid us too, but my kids were even behaving today!!  

I love BJs. I hope this is a one time bad time.
So I met up with a buddy today for a leisurely lunch and had a great time!  This is important because I had low expectations based on the Yelp feedback I've read.  We got seated outside to take advantage of the great weather and I was pleasantly surprised by attentive and prompt service.  We chatted for a while before ordering and got some great suggestions from our server.

I've been craving a burger in the worst way.  I only have a couple a year and expect a lot from them.  BJ's burger came with parmesan toasted buns, tomato, pickles, lettuce, bacon, cheese, and a really delicious homemade.1000-Island dressing!  The meat was hi-quality and perfectly cooked..  It came with some yummy wedge fries.....I cleaned my plate!

My friend had a wedge salad and a bread bowl with clam chowder.  She loved every bite!  I was pretty stuffed but she talked me into sharing a trio of pizzookies with ice cream.  They were delicious too, especially the peanut butter with vanilla.

I was impressed overall and will be back.  I think the folks who have rated this place negatively should try it again.  It's worth it!
I'm a huge fan of this place. First off, I love the Tatanka stout. It has a deep dark chocolate flavor in it, which I love.  It's easiest the best stout in the world, and I would rate it far above Guinness, though I'm a fan of it too. And the Pirana Pale Ale is excellent too. Just the right amount of balance between malt and hops, not too hoppy, but just enough to round out your meal. I rate the food at BJs very highly too. I especially like the baby back ribs, are almost without exception excellent. If you're ever in the mood for something other than fries with your meal, ask for the baked potato. Always very tasty. Another favorite of mine is the Southwestern Chicken sandwich. I have to mention one more meal, the Morrocan Salmon. It is so, so good. Just the right touch of spices with mixed vegetables and couscous, and the whole dinner is under 600 calories. You can't go wrong here.
Really good brewhouse and quality food.

It is a wide spread chain but they have it down well. They have above average beers (Tatonka Stout) and their seasonal are usually awesome (especial the Belgian based ones).

All the food seems to be really good, sides, pizzas, deserts (pazookie)
Stopped in around 4:30 today and sat in the bar area to get the HH deals.  After waiting at our high top table for about 15 minutes, a manager stopped over to see if we had been waited on.  We told him "no" and he ran off to grab some menus.  When he came back, he assured us one of his servers would be over right away to take our order.  Since it wasn't busy, we figured this would be true.  About another 10 minutes went by without being acknowledged by a single staff member, so we decided to leave.  We headed over to Firebirds, where we had exceptional service and excellent HH drinks.
I have visited this Bj's location twice in the last two weeks.  But each time I have visited there was no host at the door to greet me and or my campanion.  The employees seem to busy to say hello or even acknowledge it's customers.  It takes far to long to be greeted and or seated.  During my last visit I ordered a drink, deep dish pizza and asked for water.  However, in my hour and half visit the water never arrived and I was not offered a refill even though it was included.  The taste of the pizza was fair but seem to lack sauce.  So, I asked my hard to track down waiter about the sauce and he offered to bring a side of it to the table.  That was a nice gester, but it would have been nicer to dip my warm pizza into warm sauce instead of sauce that was very cold seeming to have come straight from the refrigerator.  I would not recommend this Bj's is you are looking for attentive service and hospitality.  They continue to fail in both of those areas.

Sincerely,
Love this place. Awesome food and a lot of different drinks to choose from. You can order pricey wine, or a good local beer. Their is also very good and always well done every time. Good place to hang out with friends, not such a family place, but definitely friends. Love the atmosphere as well, they display their drinks in a very cool way.
Good Beer, Good food; not much more I can ask for.   Have yet to have a bad experience here. I'm a rewards member so it pays off since I visit often.  Can't review much on wait staff as I always sit at the bar top and have great service.  Would recommend.
This mall restaurant had a wide and well thought out selection of beers on tap and a menu that would accommodate any meal, whether you were just wanting a small lunch or a hearty dinner. We sat at the bar so we could have a prime view of the large screen to watch the game, and were met with excellent bar tending service and quick eats. Great spot that I'll be visiting again.
My dad loves coming to BJ's restaurant when he visits from Michigan. Today I decided to try something new, garlic Parmesan wings... And I am very happy I did. They were delicious and I got 10 of them! My father had the mahi mahi and was very pleased with it as well. I love that no matter what I eat, it's always amazing!
First time here after looking at it for years. Was a great experience, will def be back
This is the only Big Dog's I've been to, and it is surprisingly nice considering the surrounding neighborhood.  I noticed that there were several families dining in the restaurant portion of the building.  I like the Wisconsin theme that they have going.  The steak and brat sandwich is an orgy of meat on a bun, and not terribly expensive.  I really really like the beers, especially the pale ale and the Red Hydrant Ale.  I just wish that they had a location much closer to where I live.
Came here mostly for the in-house brewed root beer - it did not disappoint.  Potato skins, awesome, but nothing creative here, just traditional.  I asked for a Big Dog burger, wanted it medium rare, tasted like well done.  Regretfully, if I'm coming hungry, the entree had better be right.  Service was ok, server kept getting check wrong, but was friendly enough.  It's also a bit out of the way from everything, I would say it's worth trying at least once if you're near the area.
This Big Dog's carries the Big Dog brewed rootbeer. So if you like rootbeer they have it.

However there menu is overpriced, but not so much when they run their whole, buy $75 on a gift card get $25 back, and also get on their reward plan so you get fatty discounts. 

Yeah, it's on north nellis, and the surrounding area isn't very "pretty" but that's my eastside ghetto I live in and I love it! Real cities are like that and at least this part of Vegas has the best rootbeer in Nevada, dare I say the US!

The happy hour chicken wings during NFL football are my favorite with bbq sauce $5 for about a dozen...Damn I want some now! 

Also the major company does these beer tasting events which I want to go to but have no one to go with. So I think it's a hell of a place. But I am biased by the inhouse brewed rootbeer!
Regular bar to drink a beer and catch a game, I was there for a Monday night game.

The service was not great, since they were all taking care of a large group of men, about 25 mainly the military look, probably from Nellis AF.

i've been to may breweries in my day and this was not impressive would not make it in Portland OR, I ordered the IPA and their version of a Stout and they both came up short.
Could be done better, but earns a star for being just 2 blocks away from my house!

I'll try the root beer next.
There are a few Big Dogs Brewery locations out here in Vegas but since this one is close to my house, I decided to check it out.  I drive by here every day and before realizing that it was a Big Dogs Brewery, it kind of blended into the drab of the North Nellis scenery.  The surrounding neighborhood isn't much to look at (with all the used car and tire shops littered about) but considering, Big Dogs was actually a pleasant surprise with it's nicely arranged interior and inviting atmosphere.  Right when we walked in, there was a sign of all the Big Dog brews they had on tap and aside from the subtle hilarity of the beer names they had, it was actually nice to see what you can order and not have to ask the server.  So I sat down, ordered the 38 special (which was not bad, I might add), and was surprised to see my beer come with a bowl of pretzels.  Not sure if that's common but I've never gotten pretzels, or any other snack for that matter, at a bar so that is definitely a plus.  Plus, the bartender kept refilling the bowl all night so I can't complain.  I also saw that they had a rootbeer on tap and I figured it must be good if they brewed it because locally brewed rootbeer is bound to be awesome.  I ordered a rootbeer and tasted it and it was pretty damn killer!  I'm not really a fan of rootbeer but this was enough to get me to order a glass every time I come here in the future.  Aside from that, everything else was pretty good.  They had numerous amounts of video poker machines available and 10 different TVs to watch (yes I counted them all haha).  The servers could've been a little more friendly and inviting but the fact that they gave us coins to put into their charity jar (1 for each beer that we drank) to make donations to local/national charities was awesome and made up for the lack of communication haha.  I'll drink a beer, or two, or three for charity any day haha!  Definitely looking forward to coming back here again and maybe I'll review the food if I eat there next time.
Come here almost every Tuesday with friends. 

Their homemade cheese curds are pretty good, as well as most of their appetizers. They have good deals on Tuesdays, 2 for 1 burgers and discounts on beer. 

I'm not a big beer drinker but my husband and friends come here for that particular reason. This place brews it themselves. I do enjoy their also home brewed root beer. Seriously, one of the best I've ever tasted. 

As far as food, it's alright bar food. Good tasting sandwiches and burgers. My husband has had their chicken (on the dinner menu) a few times and each time it was dry. So don't order that. 

I've had their fiesta taco salad, it wasn't edible. Their chicken fingers and twice baked wings are pretty good. Also their garlic fries. 

Service is decent. Nice friendly staff.
The third, and most humble Big Dogs.  This pub chain is more than just a bar, it is one of the best breweries in the state, if not the country!  The sandwiches are great here, particularly the Philly Cheese steak.   Of course, what is a cheese steak without a microbrew like Dirty Dog, or my favorite, Alpha Dog.  The beer is what is special about Big Dogs!

Out of all of the Big Dog locations, this one is the friendliest.  The downtown area doesn't have a lot of outstanding Las Vegas attractions, but this one of them.  Try the cheese curds, they're awesome!  And if you happen to be on the up and up with the beer revolution in America, than you need to see what Vegas has to offer.  Big Dogs brews my favorite beer!
Hi, um, have you had their cheese curds? Because if you haven't you are missing out on a tiny piece of heaven - in your mouth! Seriously though, Big Dog's knows how to deliver tasty bar-food, especially in the form of deep-fried cheese. Hey, if I'm going to down tasty beers brewed locally I'd like to pair them with the most unhealthy thing possible, thank you very much.

The Big Dog's is located on the east side, on Nellis, just a jaunt from Nellis AFB (therefore offering a nice selection of good to look at Air Force men folk if you arrive at the right time). They also have an aaawesome happy hour. Including reduced prices on their brews as well as their pitchers! 

On a recent jaunt to this bar I had the "Holy Cow!". Very tasty! And I had their fried-steak sandwich. Oh it was good - it was basically a chicken fried steak on a bun, with a delicious pepper seared on it, with cheese and lettuce, tomato, and pickles. OH BONUS - it comes with an avocado spread! Yes, I think I'm in love with this sandwich. 

I love Big Dog's and I have for YEARS. This place has been open in Las Vegas since I was tiny little kid and my parents took me here. It is an institution you have to visit if you're in Vegas. Go to Big Dog's, enjoy the smokey-waftiness as you walk in, ignore it, and continue in - and then sit down for a perfect bar-food, beers kind of night!
Update time for my beloved Big Dog's. Can you tell I'm an East Side gal and just can't get out of my comfort zone? Haha. So many places in Vegas on the west side of the valley I'd like to try, but I'm just too lazy and my Jetta just won't make the drive. Tee hee. 

Went to Big Dog's for a big hearty breakfast (and military discount). The place had the smell of Saturday night still lingering in it when my parents and I arrived at about 10:00 AM this morning, on a Sunday. But I don't let things like that stop me, it is a bar after all. I guess that smell probably indicates a rocking Saturday evening so can you really fault the place?

I had an omelet (make it your own way), and I got ham, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. The thing is massive. I only ate half of it. They did not skimp on the fillings which was nice. Plenty of ham, plenty of 'penos. Came with a ton of hash brown (slightly crispy, slightly softly potato-y), and an English Muffin (or toast). My Mom got the "Double Down" breakfast: two eggs (your way), hash browns, your choice of bacon or sausage, and your choice of bread. Mum said is was good. Dad got the morning's special: Pumpkin pancakes! They were as big as my head!! And you get three of them. I tasted them and I thought they were good, but seriously, too sweet for me to eat for breakfast (then add maple syrup and you might as well be having Pixie Stix on a plate). But still - a very nice surprise and well executed for a bar!

Service was a little iffy. Our server seemed a little out of it, not totally sure of what she was doing, but still nice enough. She got the food out and kept our coffees filled. Guess you can't ask for too much more than that.

Although not a 5-Star experience, it was still good! I like Big Dog's for drinking beer and having bar food better, but if you're on the East Side and you need a BIG breakfast for cheap this is a good place to hit up!
First beer free for military and I had the steak and brat sandwich. It was good. It's a little hole in the near the base. The servers were friendly. It' my first time but it won't be my last. I want with friends who have been here many times.
Way off the strip.   This place is darkly lit but it's not a dive bar.   They serve some of the best pub grub you will find in Vegas.  The portions are large and you never leave wanting more.   The beer is brewed on the premises.   It's the best Stout I have ever had. Plus they occasionally brew seasonal brews.   Well worth the chance.   The prices are very reasonable.   The only down side is that it takes at least 20 minutes to get there from the strip.   But it's time well worth it.   Every trip to Sin City means at least one trip to The Draft House.
Not as good as the other Big Dog's location, but they still have excellent beer of course.  Yummy, yummy IPA and many others.  The reason I don't like this location as much is it seems to always be much more crowded and filled with smoke.  Also the room is more cavernous & less appealing.  They have a separate dining area which is good if you want to get away from the smoke.  Menu items differ somewhat from the other location- you can't get fish tacos here, but you can get some other fat- and cholesterol-laden goodies such as Spicy Mac N' Cheese (with jalapenos).  Make sure to stop by for hoppy hour (3-6 PM) when beers are only $2.
Used to be a favorite place to eat for my wife and I until we found a metal screw in my wifes Huevos Rancheros. Dissapointing. I had eaten there for over 20 years. Still a great place to have a beer but I'll never eat there again.
Been several times over the years. When in town visiting family. It opened in 1988. More frequent since I live here now. 
Service is always friendly. 
Food is everything I'd expect from a casual, low-mid price point restaurant.
Very much a neighborhood feel. Nice in that if you're into watching a game it is probably on. Several screens in the bar. Which is pretty nice sized. Decent open area on the back side of the bar as you walk in. 

Otherwise have a fine beer brewed on the premises, sit along the bar. There is also a half booth bench seat along the front wall to your right as you enter. Food can be had at all seating. And of course the separate dining room. Seats 100 at least. Never have felt crowded and this includes a Mothers Day or two.

One thing, if you do come for a game, especially NFL football. 
Better be a Packer's Fan. Cheeseheads Unite here.
If you know what the "Coolie Region" is, you just might get cut some slack. Maybe.

I like this place.

Burger for lunch today was Big & Juicy.
The 'Brats are the Real Deal, so check out breakfast too.

The Brewery:  http://www.bigdogsbrews.com/

a couple of fliers:
Summer BBQ:  http://www.bdhginc.com/summer-of-bbq.bv
"Hoppy" Hour:  http://www.bdhginc.com/hoppy3.bv
Filet Sliders were Excellent!!! $9.95 + onions & mushrooms (Angus for $7.95)
3 mini burgers. Cooked to perfection, and held that through my entire meal. (They didn't cool off and get tough, or rubbery). I recommend the Balsamic Onions & Garlic Mushrooms to top them off. (won't need any garnish beyond that)

Big 10" Pizza. A Salad which looked, well she finished it.......
The Home Brewed beers!!!! Red Hydrant hit the spot tonight.
Garlic "Knots" bread knots, warm, tender, nice. Quality Bread!!

And we weren't the only ones! Restaurant & Bar was hopping. Tunes at a level to feel it. 
Once again, Excellent visit to the Draft House!

PSA: Football season is coming. Be Warned!!!!!
Update  02-Oct-08   We were in Las Vegas two weeks ago and made our trip out to Big Dog's like we do on every visit.   This trip was extra special.   As it happened, they were having a tasting party.   Wow, what a nice job they did on putting together a roll out for their double red ale.   The brew master (I believe his name was Dave and I am horrible with names... sorry) even took us on a tour of the brewing area.  Wow.  What a treat.   The general manger, Mike, also remembered me and my wife from our previous visits.   This is truly remarkable.   These folks go out of their way to make everyone feel welcome and comfortable.    And, of course, the food and beer were top notch.   
I recommend you check out the website and see when the next tasting party is.   Go, eat, drink and be merry.   You'll be glad you did.   We were.
The food was great, and so was the service.  The entrance at was a bit odd though.  There is a bar entrance at one side, and exit only door in the middle where the hostess desk is, and the restraunt entrance at the end.  My husband had been craving a teriyaki burger forever, and since they have a build-your-own burger menu he was quite happy.  I would go back for sure the service was great and our glasses were always filled.
Blessedly way off the Strip when you're in the mood for such things (um, frequently?), the biggest surprise is how uniformly excellent the beers are coming from a place whose name makes you think of frat boys brewing beer in water cooler bottles. A tasty IPA, a delicious roasty coffee hinting stout, a pale ale of near perfection, and no doubt everything they do is handled equally well. Runs a bit dark, and has a pleasant, friendly atmosphere that's a refreshing change from the general bleakness of the Chicago Brewing Company. Definitely worth a visit if you're up for hanging out and drinking good beer. And probably quite a few more visits after that. Cheers.
Looking for a great place to have a beer and watch a game off strip?
This place hits all points, I went last year during football season looking for a brewery to watch the game. 
I tried a good amount of the beers, all of them are great however I would like to see them kick it up a knotch and branch out more hops more malt.
Food specials during the game all over the place, service was great.
I'm not a beer drinker...but this place rocks! Just the decor alone is worth a visit...you feel as if you are in the country, at a local hangout where all the town meets up to have a drink and eat delicious food. The food is fantastic and the rootbeer is absolutely the best I've ever had...the way rootbeer should taste! They have a large seating area in the back, as well as a sports bar in the front. Plus, live acoustic rock on the weekends, which I have yet to try out.
Update 27-Dec-09
After not coming to Las Vegas in 5 months, we finally made it back.  One of the first stops was at the Draft House.   What a way to come back in to town.   The old standard Black Lab Stout is still awesome, and some of their special brews (500th special brew) were just fantastic.   The food is exactly as I remember... delicious!   Great show guys!   
If you can't find them, here is their GPS location:
N36 degrees 14.5658 minutes
W115 degrees 14.1797 minutes
Went this afternoon after work to watch what was supposed to be a game played mostly by Packers "scrubs" against az cardinals.  My second time here.  To my surprise, it was not only packed but standing room only.  Ordered the mountainous roadhouse nachos, tri-colored chips, with lotsa guac, sour cream, onions, peppers, blk olives and mild at best, salsa (meat extra).  Enough to take home seconds.  For the entree, the trio of fried perch sliders were awesome!  served with real french fries and delicious root beer that tastes homemade.  Great food and a great game (it's about time) by GB winning 33-7.  The place is filled with packer memorabilia and staunch fans galore.  Would give it 5 stars except for limited seating on a very busy day and a snafu by the kitchen regarding our nachos, but that happens anywhere  Otherwise, very friendly bar and alot of fun!  They serve real wisconsin walleye after 5 for dinner with baked spud and salad. Plan to go back to try that!
Burger was good, fries were cold. It took thirty minutes to get a glass of wine to the table and we waited 40 minutes to get our food.
Update - 27-Feb-10 We were in town for the NASCAR races here in Las Vegas last weekend and we had to make a stop at the Draft House for our beer fix. Well, it turns out their world class brew master, Dave, has started to experiment with dry hopping and cask aging. WOW! The Red Hydrant Ale which Dave hopped and casked was awesome. Another great job. Thanks.
I have been going to the Draft House for many years and have always enjoyed the food and the experience, but lately the food hasn't been that good and the new staff in the dining room has alot to be desired.  They were unattentive, gave us the wrong check, had to beg for a drink refill, and were pre-occupied with something else going on...not a good experience...very disappointed
I was a little disappointed with Big Dog. Had their beer sampler and they all seemed rather cautious to me, not bad, but nothing raised an eyebrow.
After searching all around North Las Vegas for some food after a long night of drinking and listen to some local bands, we found the North town's Big Dog location. This was my first to the Draft House but I know it won't be the last.

-Food selection was great, and was very surprised by the quality and great selection of non fried foods. It was 3am and usually fried diner food is all one can find so this was a HUGE plus. 

-Got the breakfast sandwich with sausage, one friend got the same with the bacon, and the other got some kind of big salad. 

Everything was great and they had to-go boxes on hand to take home our drunken left overs. We are already planning on going back, and if not to this location to the other one.

Oh also our bartender was so cool and quick to get us everything we needed. Thanks for saving out night.
Ate here for dinner while visiting my best friend in LV and the food was wonderful! The bartender even made my boyfriend a drink that she had never heard of.  I am sure this will be another favorite on my list of places to eat while in LV.
What do I get for dating an ex-Badger? I get to explore all of the "wisconsin bars" in Las Vegas, and I must say this one is on the top of my list. The beers are awesome, food is good, and the service very friendly. It really feels like you're in an old bar in Madison.... except that you can gamble. 
I tried the Black Lab Stout and I'm not usually a fan of guiness or other comparably dark ales, but this one was amazing. I told the bartender to give me her favorite, and this was the one. It had such an intense flavor, like coffee and chocolate. It's very rich, so I don't think I could handle more than 1 or 2 of them, but it was a great choice.
I wasn't hungry at the time, but I will definitely have to return when I am, because the food looked and smelled great.
If you are into beer, and I don't mean the fizzy yellow stuff, then you have to visit the Draft House!  Big dogs brews some of the best beer I've ever had.  It easily compares to Stone, Pizzaport, and is better than Dogfish Head.  Two particular beers that they brew, Alpha Dog (a double red ale, 8% abv), and War Dog (IPA, 8% abv) are just incredible beers!  Try the bullocks IPA, or the Dirty Dog IPA if those are not available.  

The food is standard bar food, but with a higher quality than most bars in Las Vegas.  The Cheese Kurds are so awesome, and all of the sandwiches are really good too.  The fries are great, and the service is always top notch.  

I am a big fan of Draft House, and a big fan of their beer.  Check out Beer School, and their other events with live music and special guest brews like Pizzaport and Stone.
Lazy day, didn't want to cook kind of Friday so we hopped on for some comfort bar foods and tasty libations. Interesting place- spacious and filled with quirky decor from beer barrels to joke signs. It was very much a neighborhood bar and not polished up in any way. It had character that I liked.

This beer nerd couple were happy with the selections and the brews we had. Shared a Dirty Dog IPA- very nicely hoppy, mean but not too mean that it can't be more than a single session beer. Got a 2nd more mellow beer, the Tailwagger Wheat, a hefeweisen beer. It wasn't as wheaty/banana as some other hefes which was nice of a change...it was a good palette cleanse from my food

.Other than their brews, they have a few good bottled beers (Rochefort, Anchor, etc) and a few guest taps (Ballast Point, Dogfish Head, etc)  that I was impressed with. It's only a handful of guest taps and bottles, but it's a nice selection. Seems they are heavy on the IPA here with their beer types and their guest taps so if you're a fan of it- this place is stop worthy. 

We ordered off a "Late Night Menu" so don't know if there are more offerings through the daytime. 

Ended up with a Pulled Pork Hoagie which had onion strings in it and served with pepperocinis, and potato salad, cole slaw or fries. I got potato salad because no one ever has that as a side choice. It was pretty good, a little heavy on the sauce on the pork, but it was decent. the salad was mayo based and used redskin potatoes- definitely not bad. 

BF had chicken tenders in the hot honey sauce which comes with celery and carrots but BF added a potato salad as well. The sauce on them were good, it was sweet and a little spice....kinda reminds me of Asian sweet chili sauce. 

Only big complaint was that with a lot of people trying to eat and talk the music was a bit too loud that even the server commented on it. It was playing all of the "hip hop hits" and man, I can only hear autotune so much before it becomes annoying and depressing what  is considered "good" music now. It was at a lounging level. It's a fucking bar and half the people were eating and leaning in to talk. Lower it a little bit...only the drunk bitches near the bar were "feeling it" so not enough to warrant to bumping volume level. 

Overall it was a solid place to have beers and had decent bar food so will come back.
The BF was getting hungry and said he has a hankering for chicken fingers...and specifically wanted Big Dogs.

He got the Hot Honey fingers with sweet potato fries. Those are some of the better bar fingers I've had in Vegas.  I had a Red Klement's brat with choice of pepper jack cheese and added on balsamic onions. Simple, good and the add on the the balsamic onions makes it pop. I chose as a side their "German style" potato salad again. Red skin potatoes, green onions and bacon is always a winner. 

Washed it down with a current guest tap- Ballast Point Big Eye IPA. The term "bitter beer face" is something very different for me, it is a big beer smile as I love me some IPAs.

The service is very attentive and this was great considering the bartender was taking care of everyone. He was friendly, joked around with us and checked on us often. 

For the good bar food, great service and quality brews this has moved up to a 5 star place, a neighborhood bar that we will enjoy being regulars at.
Fabulous brewery and food establishment, they craft some excellent beers and feature a number of guest taps as well.

With live music, gaming, and being a Packer's bar, they feature something for everyone.

You must try the beer cheese soup and the cheese curds, their Hop Dog IPA goes great with everything.
I tried the Red Hydrant Ale today which won them World Cup awards 2006 and 2010.

 This was smooth and refreshing.

 I love.

Expect me to host a late night UYE soon.....
We had to drive pretty far to find this place which was recommended to me by my Biology Professor..who is a huge fan of beer so I was in. I ordered the HolyCow Pale Ale. which was very good for such a darker beer than I'm used to (5.3% alc) My bf ordered a stout by accident and drank it anyway.. guy thing I think. Followed by a North Coast which he said was good but prob. wouldnt order again, gave him a headache.. The waitress was great though and came by and gave me a huge beer of Belgium white beer.. OMG that was the best beer I've ever had. served with an orange - so delish.. and free b/c she said it was poured on accident and she hated to pour it out. Shame I was so full from the most delicious Cobb Salad I've ever had and right now I've been in a cobb salad frenzy ordering it everwhere I go b/c its so chuck full of healthy fats and protein. It had the huggest chunks of blue cheese in the dressing - and salad and bacon, egg, avocado, tomatoes, grilled chicken, cheese, black olives.. My bf ordered a cheeseburger.. so freaking good he cut me a lil taste.. and the french fries were not shoe string and not steak fries but just in the middle, just right and seasoned to perfection, they were the "didnt even need ketchup kind" so good. The couple nxt to us had a philly and a wrap, neither of which appealed to either one of us so we were so happy with our decisions.. The salad was better than I picutred it..and I ordere the small and I was stuffed.. I cant imagine what the large looked like. Geez. I'd go bk here in a heartbeat even if I have to drive all the way from Henderson. 
Note: Mondays is 2 for 1 philly cheesestake sandwhiches, not my thing but it might be yours.
Tuesdays is 2 for 1 Cheeseburgers YUM!!!!
Wed. is 2 for 1 AYCE fried shrimp.
and i cant remember the rest to be honest but those stuck out to me. 
Too bad I"m trying to diet...hanging out with all this good food and beer CANNOT be conducive to my diet but all the same if you're looking for both good food and a chilled out atmosphere.. this place is for you. OH and MOST important.. we were there to watch a game and they had volume.. SO many places in town will show the game and then blare music instead... WTH? whats the point? This place has it all.
another restaurant i can cross off my list. for more than a decade, the food has been great. tonight we sat at a table and our guest started rummaging through her purse and the jackass manager runs over and says "did you put something in your purse?". really? like we are going steal a salt shaker? wtf? we walked and will never eat there again.
I am so, so, so sad that I did not try this place sooner. Looks are totally deceiving and i totally admit to thinking I was too cool to drink beer in a corny place designed to look like a barn. This place is in my backyard,..I can see it from my bathroom window and up until a few month sago avoided it like the plague.

A  few months ago a co-worked coaxed me into meeting her for a few beers here, so I gave in and drove across the street. The first thing I noticed upon entry (since I'm from Chicago) was the sickingly amount of Wisconsin/packers/ badgers signs and memorabilia. Oh great, I thought...not only am I drinking in a barn, but a cheesehead barn...lol (chicago folk loathe all wisconsin teams). Anyhoo... on to the food and drink,  I ordered cheese curds, a tall  tailwagger wheat brew and a full order of nachos..OMG is the food good...and the beer tastes like a midwestern weiss (my fave!) then came the 20 lb plate of nachos, I thought that was a mistake or a joke, the full plate of nachos could seriously feed 6 people. Then the bill came..surprise, SUPER CHEAP.

So now I absolutely love this place and eat & drink here at least once a week. My newest addiction here is the potroast sandwich. I LOVE this place...if you haven't tried Draft House , you don't know what your missing.
I come to the Draft House for one thing.  Their beer.  Yes, they have some tasty food, I'll get into that in a second, but their beer is king.  I don't know about their other beers though, as I've only ever had their in-house made ones.  Their IPA is about the best I've ever had, and while I'm a Guinness boy to my core, their stout almost makes me stray.  Their Red Hydrant Ale is also very good, I'd say on par with any good ale out there.  Now, if they could make a Cider I'd be very happy.
Food:  The food is okay, but it's not the best.  Their Cheese Curds are, I'd say, their best option.  You'd think for a Wisconsin bar that things like Nachos would be just dripping with cheese, but you'd be wrong.  Their garlic fried are just regular fried with an epic-crap-ton of raw chopped garlic on top, not so good. 

All in all, I'd come back (and I do!), and I'd definitely tell anyone looking for a good small-brand locally brewed beer to check this place out.
Had Cobb salad it was huge, lots of chix, bacon, blue cheese avocado and boiled eggs we had the smokey avocado ranch dressing. Also had the broiled walleye not to impressed  , had a few bones a little dry , most of the menu is great, big portions. I've been here maybe a dozen times and the walleye was the only disapointment. Ck it out u won't b sorry
Always a treat! Good eats, good beverages, great fun. You can even watch your favorite team on big screens.
This is my "neighborhood bar"- the one I frequent when all else fails. 

Came mostly to try the seasonal War Dog IPA (hoppy meaness yet smooth= luvs!)

I got one of their creations which you can make into a chicken sandwich, portobello mushroom sandwich, or burger (beef or boca). 

Grabbed The Roma Pesto (Delicious combination of homemade pesto, oven roasted tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon, and melted Mozzarella and Fontina cheese) with chicken and it was seriously good. Chicken was so juicy and definitely the best bar chicken sandwich I've had. 

Food has been bomb here and I'm not a American bar food kind of person either.

Only miss was the pub cheese platter and that was one that was just "alright"...the cheese wasn't quite melted all the way. 

Everything else though has been fantastic.

Next party I definitely want a grab a growler. Just for those not in the know- you buy this moonshine like jug and they'll fill it up with beer to take home! You can bring the jug back to refill it.
Heard from @Dan P that they just tapped a batch of War Dog last Thursday....so I made sure I stopped by for lunch as soon as I came back to Vegas on Sunday.  Brought Mom's with me for our traditional Sunday lunch....we were staving and couldn't wait to get seated.  The Draft House is a Green Bay Packers Bar.....so it was packed with Packer Fans on the bar side....not one available seat or table.  It was 3 pm and the Packers vs Vikings game wasn't for another 2 hrs, but it was packed to the hilt!  We got seated in the dining room area, our server wes named Apple, seriously.

After browsing the menu for a few minutes, we asked Apple if there were any specials....she proceeded to tell us about a bunch of Appetizer Specials ($2 off) and $2 off for the War Dog during the NFL Games, so we took her up on it.  We ordered:

- 1/2 Order of Nachos $7.50
- Bratwurst $3.50
- Jalapeno Stuffed Pretzels $5
- NFL Hot Wings (10 Wings) w/Chipotle Sauce....their hottest Wing Sauce $6

To wash it down, we both ordered Water and I of course ordered a 24 oz War Dog!  ($7.50, $5.50 with the special) The War Dog was freakin' awesome.....not as Hoppy as I expected based on @Dan P's report, but it was very good.

After a short wait, we got our food....Nachos first.  Mom and I attacked those Nachos.  They were pretty good....topped with Sour Cream, Cheese, Guacamole, Olives, Jalapenos, Salsa, and Onions.

Next up was the NFL Wings.....I jumped on those next....damn, they were awesome!  Very Meaty Wings.....the Chipotle Sauce was just right....had that Smoky flavor and was just Spicy enough for me and Mom.  The Ranch given to us for dipping went well with the Wings.

They brought out my Bratwurst next.....I added some Mustard and Relish and went to town on it.  It came with grilled Onions topped on the Bratwurst.  It was pretty good....although the Bun wasn't all that.  I would have preferred a Roll or Italian Bread instead of a Hot Dog Bun.

The last item to come out was the Jalapeno Stuffed Pretzels.....they were piping hot and moist and doughy.....delish!  They came with a side of Nacho Cheese for dipping.

It was at this point that Mom and I figured out that we ordered too much food.  I wasn't going to let this place defeat me though, so I pressed on.  Mom said she'd finish the Nachos and I would handle whatever was left of the Wings & Pretzels.

We took our time watching the Seahawks vs Cardinals game and finished our food and Beer.

When Apple delivered our check she said she made a mistake and gave us the food specials for Monday Night Football, not Sunday....but that the restaurant was going to honor the specials anyway because of the mistake....is that great service or what?

Overall, great food & great service.

Will I return?  You bet!
I used to frequent the east side Big Dog's but as I know live on the west side that just is not possible anymore. Anyways I am a huge fan of local eating. This is one of the few local breweries in the city. To make it even better they brew their own Root Beer. So for you non-alcoholic drinking people out there I will tell you that it is truly a treat!

The food is a little above bar food. I might go a far to say it is almost gastro pub level food, but really they focus on burgers and brats. So it really isn't gastro pub level.

There are usually great specials either during football games and sometimes just during the week. Not that the prices are terrible normally but getti more food for y our dollar is certainly not a bad thing!
Update 28-Oct-10  Wow... did we get lucky.   We happened to show up right before the Oktoberfest ran out and when the Pumpkin Ale started.   Both were really, really good.  We also tried the War Dog IPA.  Usually, I am not a big fan of IPAs.  But the War Dog was good. 
As usual, the food and service were great.   I really love coming out there.
Stopped in here because it looked good from the street and we were hungry for some dinner. It's a big, loud, boisterous place, but certainly inviting.

The menu is fairly basic meat and potatoes combinations, though there are interesting twists. The beer selection seemed slightly narrow, but the red ale (Hydrant, I believe) was actually exceptionally tasty.

I got the brat platter with sweet potato fries and garlic mashed potatoes. The brats were okay. One of them tasted like a basic hot dog, which sucked. The sweet potato fries were very good, but I really could have done without the powdered sugar. The garlic mashers were also quite good. The portions were fairly large and I wasn't able to finish everything.

Overall, this seemed like a really cool place and the beer was quite respectable. It seems like one of the better restaurants in the North Las Vegas area. Definitely worth a look!
We are here at least once a week. 

Today they made a mistake with my order. I wanted a portobello mushroom "burger" with cajun spice, blue cheese, red pepper. I got a boca burger. 

They were really cool about asking if I want a refire, but I was hungry and I don't mind Boca burgers, just I find most kitchens just kinda treat it like it needs to be heated and not "cooked"/seasoned like any other burger. The usual bartender even walked over and told me to take a bite and if it isn't what I want to get something else because "my happiness is important". He's always really cool and I do believe here that they sincerely mean it. 

Their mistake ended up being a good thing. The boca had cajun spice on it and was charred to crispy outside which was actually pretty nice. I ate all of it. Thought to talk about it so that in case there's some vegetarians out there- their portobello and boca burger options are good. 

I haven't talked about the sweet potato waffle fries yet....these are amazing- very light and crispy. They come with a beer mustard sauce that is lovely. Upgrade your regular side for the sweet potato, or get this as an app since it's great nosh with beer.

Just a FYI theres a Winterfest 1-29-2011...sounds like a UYE. 

"25+ Beers.  Cajun Gumbo & Oyster Shooters.  3 Bands.  Raffles & More. 2-8 pm and After Party: 9 pm - ??"
One word for you people. Just one word...BRATSEL. This belly busten bad ass beast of a burger will wreck your world.  Forget everything you thought you knew about burgers because this thing is reinventing the wheel.  1/3 lb burger patty, smoked bratwurst, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar & swiss cheeses, fried onions, lettuce, tomato and topped with, the holy grail of all buns, the pretzel bun.  The burger comes paired with a pickle slice and fries. Our waitress came by to offer me a box and to her horror discovered nothing but crumbs.  She fumbled over her words quivering at the lips....how...how did...did you eat the entire. I took it upon myself to quickly cut her off and reply with," yeah bitch, I'm an Fing bad ass". OK maybe that didn't happen but I did clean my plate and had wet dreams about it for nights to come. Wash it all down with one of their award winning micro brews and you'll find yourself on cloud nine.

I love this place and you should to.  Great atmosphere, punctual and friendly wait staff, good down home cooking, and one hell of a happy hour.  Go to Big Dogs, catch a game and pound some beers.  You won't be disappointed.
I love Big Dog's. Great place to hang out with friends & enjoy some local craft beers. Great place to hit at 2am when you have the breakfast munchies. Great place for lunch with the wife. It covers all the bases.
Beers are delicious, my fav is the Red Hydrant(?): kinda like a Newcastle with hints of toffee, YUM!
Cheese Curds are deliciously greasy, garlic fries give you that wonderful hot-breath, and the Bratzel sandwich is amazing: Bratwurst on a Pretzel Bun, how can you go wrong?!?
They also have lots of TV's, big-screen Golden Tee, and a nice internet jukebox.
I've only been to Big Dog's twice. It's just so damn far and there's no good route for me to get there. Otherwise, I'd make my way out there more often.

The first time I went was for their War Dog tapping party. I actually had another anti-teetotalism gathering at the Freakin' Frog that night. But I had always wanted to try Big Dog's, so I did the mini-road trip from work (near McCarran) all the way up to the great northwest. I was hoping to get there in time for a free appetizer, but that didn't work out. I ended up just getting my free pint of War Dog and leaving. Let me just say that the War Dog IPA is delicious.

By the way, I then turned around and made another mini-road trip back down south to the Freakin' Frog to meet up with my friends. Ken M says I deserve a beer badge for making that beer venue combo in one night.

My second visit to Big Dog's was for their Winterfest. Great event. I went with the 30-token + tasting glass starter pack for $30. I really didn't drink that much beer. My 30 tokens got me the following:

* Half pour of Big Dog's Raspberry Brewbie SupPorter. Yeah this was more like a full pour. Very tasty and part of the proceeds went toward the Keep a Breast Foundation.
* Quarter pour of New Belgium's La Folie Sour Brown Ale. Despite it's supposed "limited quantity," they gave me more like a half pour. Not complaining! This was extremely sour, kind of like Sour Warheads. It was worth trying, but not sure if I'd ever order it at a bar.
* Half pour of Big Dog's Doghouse Dunkelweizen. Didn't like this all that much.
* Half pour of Deschutes' Hop in the Dark Cascadian Pale Ale. Absolutely delicious! Probably my favorite beer of the afternoon.
* 2 bowls of Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo. Obviously delicious, since I went back for seconds.
* 1 bowl of Chile Verde. Good flavor and spice.
* 2 Oyster Shooters. Made with Black Lab Stout. Surprisingly delicious.

So I have yet to go to Big Dog's for a non-event. I definitely will return one day though. I still need to try their Wisconsin Fried Cheese Curds (and compare them to Aces & Ales).

Oh and I love that it's a Packers bar. I'm not a huge Packers fan, but it would be fun to catch a game there maybe next season.
This is the common cure  for your average las vegas Bar. (Yes is stole that from Mad Men).  Let's start with the fact that they have a micro brewery there!!!  It is kinda of the closest thing we have a for a real locals tradition sorta thing.  

What I love about this place is the Breakfast!  They have a different menu with some one of a kind items - atleast stuff you wont see on every other menu in Vegas.

I had the "Bucky Breakfast!"  Bratwurst, eggs, homefries, toast... and a spicy bloody mary.  The sausage was very tasty - what a way to start off the day.  I ordered "basted" eggs.  Most of the time restaurants don't baste them right, but I always order basted anyway.  This place basted my eggs as good as my mom does!!!!!  

I would give it 5 stars but too much Packer memoribilia!!!  JK.
Meg in the bar rules she is why we would return burger and beers were amazing
Long way from the Strip but worth the trip for a good beer. Wanted to try the Alpha Dog double red (rated A on Beer Advocate). I would say overall very satisfying. We mostly had sandwiches and salads, all were as advertised and tasty. Portions were good and prices not bad for Vegas. If you are in the area you won't be disappointed! 

Hope to try some pizza next time. Also good if you are after a Wisconsin-style Bratwurst (son-in-law had burger w/ a Brat on a pretzel bun!)
Beyond horrible, I thought I ordered a bratwurst in a pretzel bun and I got a hamburger (tasted like a frozen patty from Costco), a sausage that tasted more like a bad hot link, and the bun did not taste like pretzel. It came with garlic fries which also were not good. How do you mess up garlic fries? I maybe should have tried the cheese curds instead? But at this point, I think it would be a waste of time.
I have eaten here probably three time total. What I do like about this place is the quality. The hamburger patties actually taste like ground beef. The service is pretty good. A burger and some fries about $10-12 bucks. I can easily power down a meal here and not be completely full. Not a bad place I just think they are a little chintzy on the portions.  How about some more fries of something?
I have to take off a star and hope I don't have to take anymore. 

Part of the reason why it was comfortable to be here is the night time staff was friendly and attentive. We sat in our usual table and even though the bartender was stuck behind a bar he still walked over and asked periodically if we're still doing alright.

 The BF and I went in and there was a bunch of new staff. We walked up to the bar to order to go last week since we didn't feel like hanging out and having beers. The bartender and the bar back ignored us a good 5-10 or so minutes even though they were not busy. They were even having a conversation directly in front of us and ignoring that I'm looking right at them. I was just sitting there like WTF? and debating on leaving if another 5 more minutes elapse.

 There was a girl who seemed to have come up to the computer to check something (she was on her break) and she stopped midway walking away and asked if we needed something since I probably looked cranky sitting there. She put in our ticket and put the check in front of us. I put my card and the whole time the bartender never acknowledged us, never came by to take my card. He's even joking around and dancing to the music, but no time to payout my bill. 

Even when our food was ready, he just handed us the bag. My bill still wasn't paid because he didn't want to take it the 20 minutes I was there waiting for my order. Good thing I'm a honest person so I waved my card to be taken instead of cheesing it. Then he went to the computer and rang up 2 other people first, gave them all their papers before getting to me who was the only to-go order needing to get home before my food gets cold. 

Ugh, I surely hope this guy isn't the new regular night bartender because he doesn't know how to time manage nor the A,B,Cs of service. If the next time I come in and it's the same guy and none of the waitresses are working, I'm walking back out. Serious- I won't scratch my eyes out to get service at a place I raved about as a friendly, attentive neighborhood bar.
My family and I love going to Big Dog's!  Their beer is wonderful and refreshing, just typing about it is making me want one.  I personally love their 38 Special, but the last time we were there I tried their summer raspberry brew, which was also delicious.  My favorite sandwich has roast beef, horseradish, muenster cheese...might be the pot roast sandwich?  Fries are yummy and their potato cakes are good.  The service is always great.  The value is good, usually plenty left if you want to take some home.  

The location on Sahara isn't kid-friendly, and this location on Rancho is much bigger, no smoking in the main dining area, and has a kids menu.
Good place for a beer and a burger.
Great spot off the beaten path in vegas. Seems like a locals hang out so the atmosphere is friendly and the food good and inexpensive. Ill be back for sure.
Of all the restaurants in Las Vegas at which I have dined, I have frequented Big Dog's Draft House the most--in the double digits. This began with a food love affair of fried Wisconsin walleye at the now long-boarded-up Holy Cow! just across from the now shuttered and defunct Sahara Hotel & Casino. When that fine eatery closed, I began frequenting one of its sisters: Big Dog's Draft House on Rancho Drive.  It is known for very tasty comfort food at all hours, large portions, and excellent brews. I cannot vouch for the brews, because after a bout with gout a few years ago, I stopped drinking alcoholic beverages altogether--even wine.  I guess that is the price one must sometimes pay for several decades of fine dining while savoring rich foods high in purine content like Escargot, Sweetbreads, and shellfish. So, you will never hear me extol the virtues of various cocktails or vintages in any of my reviews. I can, however, vouch for the root beer at Draft House, which is home brewed and excellent but heavy enough on the gut that I have not yet finished a large glassful.  So, I usually opt for Sprite or Coca-Cola instead. Free refills are cheerfully provided, and on this latest outing I polished off three large glassfuls of Coke. 

My purpose in going to Draft House on this particular evening was to try out items on its new dinner menu.  But imagine my surprise when pan-fried Potstickers were no longer on the menu!  I had ordered them every time I had been here, because they were large and excellent, and served with a really kickin' Asian dipping sauce.  When I asked my server if Potstickers were nevertheless still available, she took on a sad look and said, "Unfortunately not, and neither is the large quesadilla, which was really great, too," as if she had fielded this question at least 20 times before already.  I think this is a foolish mistake by restaurant management, because I am sure that the Potstickers were a best seller, and now I and others have less incentive to come here.  My wife even wanted me to dock the restaurant a star on account of the elimination of this great appetizer, but I refused to do so.  It is well and good to tweak a menu now and then, but not throw out one of your best items to make room for another questionable offering like Southwestern Stuffed Pork Chops that are filled with roasted Poblano chiles, chorizo, and smoked Gouda cheese and drizzled with a spicy chorizo-tomato cream sauce.  

So, as an appetizer we grudgingly ordered a Bavarian Soft Pretzel that was served with sweet beer mustard instead.  This new menu item was large enough for two to share, supple, and very good--as was the sweet mustard for dipping.  It was also very salty, with several salt crystals adhering to the dough of the pretzel.  But the crystals could easily be brushed off by hand to attain the level of saltiness desired. 

Next I tried the new Pulled Pork Sliders, which were very good, except all buns were completely dry and not enough barbecue sauce remained after cooking.  The pulled pork wasn't dry but it wasn't very saucy either.  My suspicion is that some of the sauce had leached into the cooked onion straws that topped the meat.  So, I asked for more barbecue sauce, and received it.  When asked, the server said that it was Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce.  Adding more cold sauce catapulted the sliders into the excellent-quality range, but they would likely have been even tastier if more sauce had been COOKED with the meat. The accompanying German potato salad was superb, as always. It was difficult to finish all three sliders, but that is probably a good thing. 

My wife enjoyed the Golden Fried Shrimp appetizer, which, although no longer on the menu either, the chef was able to provide.  I sampled one morsel of the eight plump fantail shrimp that arrived at the table, and it was juicy and succulent. The skin-on french fries that came with this dish were also very tasty: crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

We finished up with another new dish: Big Dog's Key Lime Pie, which was excellent: appropriately yellow in color, tart, and redolent of lime flavor with sumptuous and creamy whipped cream spread on the back of the top of the generous slice, and sporting a delicate and crunchy graham cracker crust on the bottom.  It was like a very good cheesecake but lighter, and reminded me of Miami Beach Key Lime Pie, which is a great compliment to Draft House's pastry chef.  

Service was friendly, fast, and efficient.  Ambiance was that of a typical, fairly dark, and woody pub, for we ate in the high-tabled bar area.  The restaurant closes about 9:00 p.m.  But food is available in the tavern all night long.  All in all, if I could, I would have rated this meal 4-1/2 stars.  Only sliders that were light on sauce blocked an earned fifth star on this night out.  But I still had a very satisfying meal.

Message to Draft House management: Please bring back the Potstickers!
Big dogs comes with a little bite.

This place is okay for the following reasons.

Came with a big party of 9, and didn't feel like our server gave us the attention we deserved. Especially since we we're leaving a bigger tip since we were a BIGGER party. 

Next, the food was mediocre. Nothing special yet the prices we're a little higher than expected. Burgers tasted the same as carls or dennys. The only thing that made me jump for joy were the cheese curds. Mmm. Sound so disgusting but taste oh so good. 

If i came back it'd be for the old cheese fat ;)
Terrible service. was there over a half hour without anyone asking if we were ready to order.Wait staff,bartender and hostess were more interested in hanging out with each other then serving any guest.  My husband got diarhea shortly after eating there.
Big Dog's Draft House is one of our favorite places to stop for a family meal.  We like it because we can go there with our two kids.  The food is consistent, and the wait staff is usually attentive and upbeat without fawning or getting too personal.

We went again yesterday, and the menus were all new.  It seems that the food is the same but some of the prices seem higher.  We probably won't be able to visit as often as a result.

Yesterday my husband had the Tex-Mex burger, which he said was great, and one of my sons had the sliders with onion rings.  I had the pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries.  

As usual the food came fast, we never had to wait for anything like water.  There was plenty of food and we needed a take-home box.  The stout beer and root beer, both brewed on site, was really nice.  

All of the food was terrific except the sweet potato fries. Last time we had sweet potato fries at the Big Dogs on Sahara, they tasted like sweet potatoes.  This time, at the Draft House, they tasted like nothing except the powdered sugar they sprinkle on top.  They were completely flavorless.  The mustard dip was great, but I was hoping to be able to taste sweet potatoes.  That's the only thing that prevented this from being a five star rating.  I'm sure we'll be back, because we like the place, but I don't think we'll order the sweet potato fries again unless  they make a change there.
The draft house is your typical bar, that looks like your parents farm house up state but It's allot bigger than some that I've been to and nicer looking. You can see the Brewery from a wide clear glass window and they have a good variety of beer to choose and a food menu to satisfy your late night cravings.
I've been visiting family for 2 months in Las Vegas and "The Big Dog Draft House" is somewhere me and my father go almost weekly. Why? Great bar atmosphere, good homemade beers, and surprisingly good food! 

My personal favorite order being the "Big Dog Chicken Sandwich" with a side of "Sweet Potato Fries" and a side of "Pale Ale Dipping Sauce" (I think that is the name, it's sort of like honey mustard) The sweet potato fries are addicting, literally. I have also tried the "BBQ Chicken Pizza" the "Filet Minion Sliders" and "Chicken Wings" all also surprisingly tasty for "bar food."

If you are a local you can easily become a 'regular' here!


(The only downside is the walls are covered in "Packers" memorabilia and myself beng a Patriots fan from Boston find it hard to stomach! ;-)
Strong beers and big burgers.  Love "The Bratzel"  a burger topped with a brat.  Be sure to try it with the pretzel bun!
I have been coming to the draft house since I was a little kid lonf before Big Dogs came into the picture.

1. Food here is great no matter breakfast, lunch or dinner. The Walleye is great and the brats do keep me happy. Did I mention the Cheese Curds??? BOMB!

2,  The beer here is great as well...one of the few local breweries we have  and one that didn't let their beer go straight to crap when the big hops shortage went down and the economy dipping. They also rotate some other brews from other micro breweries including other local ones which is a classy move.

I must add that I am a Packers fan so I do haunt this place on that note as well.
Absolutely love this place! Best bar food, yumm!
Las Vegas Brewery Stop #1

24 hour brewery....I like it. The draft house is in North West Vegas, shaped as a big barn with cow statutes out front.  We ordered a sampler and were surprised by the quality. There is defiantly a stigma to beer brewed in Vegas. Normally craft beer isn't cheaper than anything Anheuser...basically get off the strip for a good beer at a fair price. We enjoyed there:

Leglifter Light
Tailwagger Wheat
Holy Cow! Original Pale Ale
Red Hydrant Ale
38 Special (blend of Holy Cow & Red Hydrant)
Black Lab Stout
Dirty Dog IPA
Seasonal: Pumpkin Ale

Pale, Red Hydrant, and IPA took it. Good quality. Nice service and a good vibe. Big Dog's is a packer hangout with memorabilia all over the walls. Good first stop.
New menu,  some of the old favorites still there, but they have added some new stuff.  It turns out, it's the same good food , plenty of sporting events on their big screens, staff is efficient and prompt.  But when I finally decided to the try one their beers, they're out.  I really wanted to try the strawberry beer! It might be back next season so I'm told.
Love it, love it, love it!

By far, the best brewery in Vegas. Their Holy Cow Pale Ale usually has me saying "Holy Cow" by the time I leave! They have a standard 4-5 of their brews, plus seasonal fare on tap at all times. Try the sampler to get a taste of all of them.

The food menu is diversified. Everything from cheese curds to meatloaf and everything in between. Have never had a bad meal here over the years. 

Food is excellent, service is excellent whether you're sitting up at the bar, in the bar area or seated in the restaurant. 

I'm dying to give this place 5 stars, but until they bring the phenomenal taco pizza and taco quesadilla  back, I have to hold out on the 5th star.

Do yourself a favor, if you're a local, drop by. If you're from out of town, make the trip over here. You won't be disappointed!!
What can I say...I'm a Midwest boy who went to University of WI for a couple years.  How can I give this place a bad review?  

Seriously though, the bratwurst here are awesome. As close to home as you get out west.  The beers are equally impressive.  I fancy myself a beer snob, and I love some of the special brews they have at Big Dog's.  

As much as I love the food here, I have to limit myself to only quarterly visits at best.  The dishes here are lumberjack portions!  I usually go into a short coma after a visit, but it's definitely worth it.

If you're a Packers or Badgers fan, and haven't been here yet, shame on you!

Looking forward to my Q1 visit in the spring!
My parents have lived down the street from here since 1995. We used to go during the afternoon or early dinner, the menu is diverse and pretty much everything is good. I havent been here in over a decade until recently and I was very happy to see not much has changed. You can get breakfast at anytime, free drinks at the machines, amazing fried shit, in house brews (among others), friendly crowd and staff, lots of seating and pretty much a local spot. Beer wise I like the Leglifter or the Talliwagger personally.
I like their home brew tail wagger wheat!
Well, for one, I am a Green Bay Packer fan.... but that's not why we're here are we?! Great pizza, burgers and salads! The brewery brews some of the best beers ever and the seasonals are exellent. Brats are awesome and you can get a burger with brat, hamburger and a pretzel bun! MMMMMM!!!
We went in here just because it was super close to our hotel, and whaddya know - a Packer/Badger (UW) bar in Vegas? Hot darn!

I'm probably being a bit critical on the three stars here but it didn't quite round to 4.  The food was good but not amazing.  The service was average.  It was loud as hell and I could do without the smoke in the bar area.  

I had a sirloin steak and my friend had fish/chips.  The steak was done correctly, not fatty, and the sides were decent.  At $17, whaddya expect.  My friend said his was good as well.  In the end, I wouldn't rush back but it definitely served the purpose.
I love this place for the beers. I love me some good beer on tap. 

As always, I look for places that have good service. I've always recieved good service with any group I've been with, and I've noticed the staff is good with all of their customers. 

These are a few of my favorite things:
Mirror Pond beer
Wisconsin Cheese Curds
Big Dog's Salad
The Bratzel

That's more than a few things, but these are the things I eat the most when I go. 
There is also a jukebox there which is a must for my boyfriend...it sucks when other people only want to play country music. I'm from Oklahoma, and I can't handle one after another. The only other downside, a lot of people smoke. That is one of the only things I hate about Vegas. You should not be allowed to smoke indoors and make other people suffer, but that's another subject.
Food is decent. Nothing special, but certainly edible. We liked the cheese curds. Service was good. Server was definitely friendly even though they were busy. Be prepared, though.....it's loud!
I've been going to Big Dog's Rancho location for a little over five years. Their beer is good, and the food is not bad.  Like a lot of places, it depends on what you order.  Tonight I had their Friday Fish Fry Special.  It was catfish, and it was OK.  Definitely fresh and not fishy or soggy.  I just prefer a crisper crust. The cole slaw was eh - better than a lot of places, because they make it themselves, but it was over-dressed. Their fries were not that great. Just average, not seasoned, not that hot/fresh. 

I always like the service. Even when they are busy, they are still pretty on top of things and are friendly.  I wish they would close off the bar more, because it is smokey. 

Their brats are good, and the beer cheese soup is also very good.
The chicken wings were very good.  My husband loved his burger with mushrooms and onions.  The dessert was overkill - but delicious.  The only negative was the service.  Our server made me feel like I was interrupting her day - she did her job, just not very friendly!
I have loved everything I have tried on the menu so far. Need I say more?
I really like the food and beer here.  I would have given a 5, but one of there bartenders is an a**hole.  Never had problem with any of the other staff.  For the most part everyone is very friendly.
It has been awhile since I last revisited Big Dog's.  Many menu items remain the same but there have been a few new wrinkles, and some flexibility is still displayed in the kitchen.  For example, Diane was able to secure a tasty Shrimp Appetizer with a side of fries that is no longer on the menu.  The 7 plump and juicy fantails that were then soon produced were well worth fighting for!

On weekdays the soup of the day changes according to the whim of the chef.  This particular Tuesday night it was Chicken Rice Soup, and I ordered a bowl.  It was savory and clearly made with irregular lengths of chicken meat hand cut off the bone.  Although tasty and hearty, the soup was not hot enough.  Much better was a trio of very good Pulled Pork Sliders which were crowned by onion straws and made with a sweet barbecue sauce.  The small buns were lightly toasted just right, and the pulled pork was superior to most but a little drier than I preferred.  So, I asked for and quickly received more barbecue sauce, which I then dripped liberally on the meat inside the remaining two buns.  Along with the accompanying tasty and hot beer-battered Onion Rings dipped in Big Dog's special Pale Ale Sauce, which is perhaps best described as having a pleasant light honey mustard flavor, all was now well.  And, I greatly enjoyed a nice-sized serving of really good moist and creamy Potato Salad punctuated by bits of real bacon and green onion.
Great food and delicious beer. This place is loved by the locals, which says a lot, but note that this is a really smokey place when it's busy.
My only negative is cigarette smoke smell. Ok with that out of the way. Cheese curd is good brat was good. Beer was good. Waitress was good. Decor is cool. They have signs everywhere that are fun to read.
The only downer to this place is that you have to walk through a pretty divey bar to get to the restaurant, but once you're in things are great.  I had one of the best burgers I've ever tasted here.  The meat immediately stood out on the first bite as a quality hand-made patty.  The flavor was awesome.  Service was good and the mood was warm.  The house root beer is especially dark; not too sweet or fizzy.  Tvs had sports, although their placement is hit and miss.  Definitely give this place a go.
Update -25-Apr-11    We were in town two weeks ago and had to stop by the Draft House a few times.   Unfortunately, we missed the Double IPA but we were in time for the double red ale which was quite good.   Also, they had just started tapped the Black Lab stout which was good as always.    We've been coming to the Draft House and before that, The Holy Cow for several years and I only recently discovered their chicken fried steak breakfast.   Wow!   That's good.   Nothing like a hearty breakfast and a strong beer to start your day - especially if your day starts around noon!   
One other thing that has changed is, in addition to Dave Otto's brews, they have developed a good selection of guest taps.    This past trip I had an awesome Green Flash double IPA (Palate Wrecker) and a good Ballast Point Sculpin Stout.   Great job on the guest taps folks.   

Will I be back?   You bet.   Had a great time at Winterfest, hope to make Summerfest.  Good job!
Great atmosphere!  Great food even if you don't like ribs.
We stopped by this past weekend to check out the Peace Love & Hoppyness party.  We visited it too last year and had a great time so we were looking forward to it again.  It's a pretty reasonable beer garden.  For $30, you received a glass pint glass and $30 tokens for beer.  This year featured 50 beers to choose from but a majority of them were IPAs or heavier.  I don't mind a super heavy/dark beer once in a while but it's difficult for most people to spend an evening consuming IPAs.  Another thing was that 2 of the lighter beers were out early in the night further limiting the choices.  

Overall it was a good time.  The bands were at a reasonable volume, it was outside, eclectic group of people and a good price for a Saturday night out.
Driving by this place, week after week and hearing so many positive things about this place, my wife and I rolled into Big Dogs with pretty high hopes.  It just seems like the kind of place that you can roll up your sleeves and dig into some great food, maybe throw $20 into a video poker machine and relax with some friends over a few pints.

However, the bar staff was ridiculously rude and greedy.  There was one bartender for forty or so guests around a massive bar.  Every time a manager was called to the bar to answer some complaint about service or food or both, they would ask her if she needed help.  She would look around the bar and say "nah its not so bad" and then continue to give terrible service.

I ordered some type of brat-burger sandwich creation that I thought was going to save the experience, but it turned out to be a hotdog pretending to be a brat.  At least they did have a fresh pretzel roll to hide the hotdog.  This place seems like it could be awesome or has been awesome, but I just missed it completely.  The twice fried or twice dipped wings were incredible, by the way!
The service is consistently slow, but the beer is good and the food is delicious. Sit in the bar to watch a game or sit in the dining room with the kiddos, either way it's always a good choice.
Everything you want from a Wisconsin Beer Mecca without Mosquitoes.

Went here on a Tuesday (Ribs night!) with some friends. No ready seating at the bar so they seated us in bar overflow. I thought this was going to be BS because we were not in the bar. Not so, the bar overflow is open and adjacent to the bar, features a large quantity of sports-tuned televisions, and has a waitress bringing you their glorious beer so all was well.

Food: Had the 9.99 ribs and fries. Really decent for a non-rib joint. Spectacular at 9.99 and consistent with the food I've had before- nothing exceptional just really well done classics and unusually good fish choices. This is not a gastropub, but that doesn't mean you won't leave happy and full. Prices are solid.

Beer: These guys make the best beer in Vegas. The brewery is on site and they actually have quite a lot of great Big Dog beer on tap here at all time. Considering the size of the operation they must run those things night and day. The guest taps are also spectacular: well chosen regional standouts and usually on tap. They also regularly have gatherings for new beer releases and they have consistent enough quality to make the trip always worth it.

Service: our waitress Shannon did something I have yet to behold here in Las Vegas. She split our check, and not only that, she did it happily, voluntarily, and without us asking in advance. I had not seen the like since I was in the Midwest (why is it they hate splitting checks out here?) She was great otherwise, but this was top notch. 

Pro-tip: If you come here in a Bears Jersey they're probably going to take you to the back and play "Abu Ghraib" with you. Otherwise an amazing place to watch a football, especially a Packers game.
Big Dog's Draft House is one of my fave places in Vegas! The only reason I don't give it a 5 star rating is because I smell like an ashtray when I go home. It's difficult for us non-smokers here in Vegas if we enjoy eating and drinking in bars. Oh well!

My husband and I eat here frequently and love the food. Comfort food... lots of cheese, meat, and potatoes. They also have wonderful specials at night, like all you can eat shrimp on Wednesdays, etc. They have delicious craft beer made on site and we love the wait staff, including the bartenders. All in all, one of my fave places in Vegas!
Big Dogs is near my office, so we've gone to happy hour a couple times to celebrate one thing or another. The beer and drinks are pretty good. Don't expect the waitresses to know any fancy mixed drinks. The food is pretty good as well with decent, but not phenomenal, happy hour prices. I've had the nachos, artichoke dip, and burger with sweet potato fries.  All were quite satisfactory. Several of my co-workers have gotten the rib special (I think on Tuesday nights?) and they were very pleased.
This place is so close to where I live, I can't help but going there two or three times a month.  They have the best bar food I've had in Las Vegas and their beers are top notch.  Unlike many of the chain bars in town, their blue cheese dressing seems house made along with the house made pot roast served as an entree, tacos or on a sandwich.  

Economically minded patrons will appreciate the regular coupons and Big Dogs rewards card to save on the dinning budget.  Beer aficionados will appreciate the Big Dog offerings of, not only their house brews, but a great selection of other top notch microbrews.
So... This place is really good if you get the right thing on the menu. Beer is one of those things. The wait staff is great there. 

Eat:
Fish and chips
Pecan walleye
Ribs

Do not eat:
"roasted" chicken (it's basically just burnt and dry chicken)
Any salad other than the "draft house" salad, which is just a side salad. 

Cheese curds. I get these Every Time I go to big dogs and I am always let down. They smell great, look great with a nice golden beer batter fry but they are DRY DRY DRY. A good curd will have some melt to it but these are over fried and not worth the $10.
Big Dog's Brewery. A local's joint on Rancho, just north of Craig. 

Awesome prices for the "home" brews. Industry prices for the guest pours. Great service by the server. Attitude by the busperson. Maybe he needed a drink or ten to wipe the scowl off his face.

Bar food. Not bad and not bad pricing either. Gaming at the bar and lots of fun placards with witty anecdotes plastered on the walls. 

Fun place.
The food was deeeeelicious! Beer cheese soup is amazingly good, the wings and the pastrami sliders too but the soup is a must!
The food is great! Love it. 

The beer is great! Love it.

As a Craft Brew fanatic, give Big Dog's some credit. It is hard to be a successful craft brewery out here because the water sucks. 

(Water in my opinion is the most important and one of the most outstanding ingredients in beer)

Like stouts? Try theirs. They have a fantastic Light Beer called "Leg Lifter" that is a great novice beer to introduce to those that are unfamiliar with craft beer. Let that deter you from greedy beer giants like Anheuser-Busch and MillerCoors and become apart of the revolution.


The Packers, I could care less about but they don't scare me away from this place. I recommend this place even to Bear fans. The staff and regular basis seems to be pretty open minded to the barback/buss/support guy who wears a Bears jersey everyday hahahaha.

Wish the bartenders would be a little more passionate about the product. They don't really seem to care to elaborate on their beers to those interested. Let me hear about it man, I know you would probably care more if I put 20 dollars in one of your machines!
Great venue! This is the staple of Las Vegas beer. The best Midwest food in town....brats and cheese curds! Try the IPAs especially War Dog. The fests are very fun to go to; however, they get cramped in the later hours.
I have been coming here for years. I love the consistency of the food each time. I do miss the brown bread loaf they used to bring toy our table!

I ordered the "Cobb Salad". It was delicious and huge. I was able to eat the rest for lunch the next day. The avocado was fresh and very yummy.

Our server was nice and checked on us often. The place was clean as well the bathroom.

I like all the quirky signs they have around and their pride and love for the Green Bay Packers. 

The "Cheese Curds" are a must try at least once.

Parking can be hectic but they do offer parking all the way around and have 3 different doors for entry/exit. 

You can choose to sit in the bar area or in the dining room area.
I took my wife and a friend in for dinner and a beer.  The service was exceptional and the server was very friendly and genuinely cared if we were enjoying our meal.  The Wisconsin Cheese Curd appetizer was a great choice.  We all enjoyed our meals, the beers and the atmosphere in the dining area.  No smoke and limited noise level made conversation easy and relaxed.  We will definitely eat here again.
Wonderful pretzels and good food in a fun environment.  Cold beer to boot!
Way older crowd slow service leaving now
Yay! I'm a fan of Big Dog's...only if I'm in the area.

At Big Dog's, the portions are just that, pretty big.  Service is always quick to be seated, order to be taken, and food to arrive. Can't give them 5 stars for service because at Big Dog's, they are not the most attentive group.  Once you get your meal, there are times you don't see or hear from a server until your check is given to you.  My suggestion is to do what I always do, order your drink refill early. 

As for the food, it's not bad and the portions are good.

-Sliders: This was recommended on my very first visit about two years ago.  Priced about average (less than $10)' It's still delicious and taste about the same as other pub and grill joints.

-Fish and Chips:  Deep fried and greasy.  Poke a couple of holes in the breaded fish and drain the greasy out first.  Now you're takin'.  Now it's at least edible.  I think the batter is a little too thick and takes away from the taste of the fish.

-Steak:  Not a bad option, but it's a little dry.  However, it's cheap and you get what you pay for.

-Pizza:  Has to be over 2 years since my last pizza here, but it's cheap and one of their better prepared items here.  For less than $10, a personal pizza here is tasty and not too greasy.

-Burgers:  2nd favorite to their pizza.  Their burgers are stacked, juicy, and affordable. 

I never expect much at Big Dog's because the prices are cheap and it's basically pub food.  Portions are big and there's still enough on the menu for everybody.
I've visited this place on and off since the late 80s.

The food has always been great!

The bar is owned by a family from Wisconsin and the food menu reflects that. You'll find plenty of brats and cheeses and their walleye is excellent.
WITHOUT A HITCH!

My friends threw a birthday party for me on Saturday night.  They reserved two huge tables behind the bar area.  It was a great turn out....about 25-30 people showed.  My lasting impression is that "they have done this before".  Everything was so organized and flowed very well.  As you have seen in previous posts I love to entertain and have big get-togethers and this venue I will highly recommend.

Our waitress Tiffany was really the only one taking orders if I remember right.  Most all orders were individual and you know how that goes.  This chick was amazing.  She kept everything flowing, remembering where everyone was, who order what and kept handing me drinks throughout the night. haha  The bald guy (sorry bald guy-I didnt get your name) kept the tables clean of emplied plates and bottles which is a huge pet peive of mine.  I hugged him at the end of the night because without him the tables would have been a mess.

My boyfriend ordered a select number of appetizers for everyone....nachos, cheese curds, pizza bites and some kind of spinach dip.  All were fabulous bar food.  Someone ordered the pretzel and I am still dreaming about it.....and then someone else ordered the steak sliders.  Yes we will be back for those!  I must!!!

I must say Dear Draft House....I am impressed.  What a great night!  Thanks for making my birthday special (and to my friends of course)...and I will see you soon for another pretzel and steak sliders....and some beer! ;)
Great food, usually great service, and good prices. We enjoy going at lunch and always leave stuffed.
After a long layoff, it was time to revisit Big Dog's Draft House to redeem some earned loyalty points, finish off a gift card, and enjoy the food.  So, one recent Monday night Diane and I did all of the above.  And found a couple of nice surprises.

The first surprise was the novel soup of the day: a spicy Cajun Seafood Chowder.  It was good, but was much like roux and dominated by sausage.  A fine Dinner Salad with Honey Mustard Dressing was then served, emphasizing fresh greens, large croutons, and grated cheese, and including Cherry Tomatoes and cucumbers.  

But the treat of the night was an outstanding Beef Stroganoff made with tender cuts of Top Sirloin, egg noodles, mushrooms, and a very tasty Stroganoff Sauce enhanced by a large dollop of sour cream.  It is without question the best dish of this type I have experienced in the Vegas valley to date, and was enhanced by complimentary Beer Rolls and butter delivered only upon request.  Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed her Fish & Chips.  

Coleslaw was creamy and homemade.  And a smooth, cool, and creamy slice of Key Lime Pie with a Graham Cracker crust ended a really fine late-night comfort food dinner.
Wow! What a great place! The food was great, the beer selection is awesome AND great service!  I am becoming a regular....
Food is okay, nothing exceptional in my opinion, but the staff has an attitude, picked up lunch two days in a row, hostess didn't say hello, or thank you, I said I was picking up, she handed me the bill and walked away, POOR service.
Fun place to grab a beer and some food with friends. Old school atmosphere but if you want a local joint type place this is definitely the place.
I'd have to say for bar food, this is one of the best places. Cheese curds are out of control delish! Twice baked wings......in my humble opinion the best I've had in town. I don't like oversized wings, and they cook theirs just right. Not slimy, and the perfect amount of crunch on the outside. I will say the seasoning can be a bit on the salty side. The service we have experienced has been good, never has been bad. So why three stars??? Well, it's bar food, good bar food....and pricey bar food. The twice baked wings are 11.99 and its maybe 8 wings. Then you have to pay extra for fries and a drink. The garlic fries are also really good. So your looking at close to 16.00 bucks for some wings. I love going but not too often just because of the prices.
Pretty good food, a little smokey tho.
Place has a smokey smell, beer is expensive (for what ever reason), staff is nice, Too many Wisconsin people in one area of Las Vegas, Music is nice, TVS and seating is well-placed...Floors appear dirty (dark for a reason)...
I had a chance to visit here over the weekend. The atmosphere was very casual, the way a brew pub should be. They have a impressive selection of both Big Dog brews and guest brews. If you are a craft beer lover this is definitely a great spot to grab a few drinks. 

We started off with the cheese curds due to many recommendations from others. I have to say, these were fantastic! I also tried the beer cheese soup, and it's probably the best cheese soup I've ever had. The the main course I got a rib-eye, with potato cakes and mac and cheese. First, the Rib-eye. The meat was fantastic, great quality, however, I wasn't a huge fan of the rub they put on it. It really hides the quality of the rib eye which I didn't think was necessary. The potato cakes were by far the best thing on the plate, very delicious. The mac and cheese tasted worse than boxed, it had zero flavor and hardly any cheese, definitely pass on that as a side option.

Beers:

I started off by trying their nitro Bourbon barrel stout. I'm not a huge fan of nitro beers, but this one was creamy, had a great whiskey barrel taste with lots of deep coffee notes. Overall, great beer. Next, while I totally despise any Miller, Bud, Coors type beers, I decided to try the Leg lifter Lager. This is by far hands down the best lager I've ever had. It's very crisp and refreshing. In fact, it was so good, I had 2 more. I finished off with their Amber Ale, which was very well balanced, good malt flavor. A very good amber that is brewed to style.

They even have 22 oz's to go in bottles which was a plus. I got 2 of those to go, War Dog IIPA and another Amber. 


Overall, this is a fantastic place to visit if you love good food and great beer. I'll definitely be back.
Come here with my dad sometimes to throw back a few and laugh at stupid people on television.

The beer is good, they brew their own and it is awesome. My favorite is the Red Hydrant. 
The food is also pretty good, from what I've had. Mostly just the bar food appetizers and salads, but they do have an extensive menu with sandwiches, burgers, and other entrees that I have yet to try.
The only thing that would be lacking is the service. I usually go here when there's only 3 or 4 other table occupied, yet it takes the waitress takes forever to come back with the check.
This was an oasis this morning - I am on east coast time, and this fun little place is open 24 hours...and serves great beer to boot!  I wanted to try some of their appetizers, and if i were here longer that just today, i likely would have gone back for dinner! :) However, it was not in the cards, for this time, i had a great egg and brat dish.  Try it!
Very good beer, not great, but very good!! Some top notch IPA's are created here, and the care and attention to detail in the brewing process shows in the finished product. The other beers are damn tasty as well, but the IPA's are the stars!!

The food is good as well, that is not a hot dog on the bratzel burger genius, it's called a smoked Brat!! You can order it with a beer brat instead, and it is a thing of beauty!!

The cheese curds are just ridonculous, but pricey!!! One of my favs is the pretzels with a bowl of the cheese soup, dip the pretzels in the soup, Yummy!!!

My thanks to Las Vegas Beer Tours for introducing me to all of these wonderful brewpubs in Las Vegas!!!
I really miss the one on our side of town.  It was on Nellis Blvd and Owens Blvd.  The food was great, as was the beer; but it was the wait staff that were the crowning jewel.  The knew us and had our beers on the table as we sat down.

Those days are gone.  Destroyed by the good-old-boy network of alcohol distributors here in Nevada.  But they can't stop the brewhouse from producing Las Vegas' best microbrews, and some of the best pub grub in town.  Some of the old wait staff are there, and they remembered us, even after a year of not seeing us.

I think we're going to make the cross-town trek now that we know how much we were missing.
Always a reliable place to go. The food and crafted beers here are delicious. Sometimes the bartenders have an issue picking up the pace in order to get to customers quickly but if you come here with a relaxed attitude, you will have a great time. They always have something new and exciting going on here. The have festivals with music, food and new featured beers and this location also offers really neat brewery tours. The brewery tours are around $100 but they include lunch, two drink tickets and an all day walk-thru of everything that goes on in their brewery. Really cool stuff!
I would give this place 4 stars for their unique brew of beers and the atmosphere, however I had to subtract a star for the poor quality of the food. Overall, I like this place and I'm willing to give it a second chance even though I didn't have a slam dunk first impression. I'm optimistic  that I'll be able to eventually find a staple dish that I'll love, but bottom line is that I'd come back for the beer. 
What to avoid: The Wisconsin Walleye- I ordered this dish to be healthy. So I got the steamed version. It was supposed to come with a lemon glaze? Which was non-existent. The fish was completely bland with no flavor, and my first bite of the fish was full of bones. So that was a huge disappointment
But this place can definitely offer a good time- chilling with your friends, drinking some beers, and munching on the Bavarian pretzels! The pretzels are awesome- super soft and salty served with a honey beer mustard dipping sauce. Can't go wrong there.
Try the 28 special. You won't be disappointed
great beer and good selection
smokey
bartenders could be a tad bit more outgoing and friendly
This place is just plain fun. 

The atmosphere is so lively and energetic, it's impossible not to have a good time. Big Dog's can't be beat on football Sundays, but be sure to stake out a table early, because the place gets packed. (I'm not even a football person, and I still enjoyed my experience at the Draft House, so that's saying something.)

The food and drinks are good, and the prices are reasonable. I've only eaten in the bar area, so I'm not sure what the restaurant part is like.
I love a good microbrew.  Also, I love that Wisconsinites have a 'home away from home' here at Big Dog's Draft House!

Great place for Packers' Fans to congregate in Vegas.  The food is classic Wisconsin and very tasty.  The service is always great, quick, and friendly.  

There is a separate dining room and bar area so kids can enjoy fried cheese curds too!  

There's lighter fare for those watching a diet, but "traditional" Wisconsinite foods fill the menu.
The food is a step-up from normal bar food. With that said, it is still bar food. None of the beers have impressed. The atmosphere is decent enough, the service is often lacking. And for what you are getting, the prices are a tad high.
I give this place 5 stars for the beer alone. The Brewmaster Dave Otto is, in my opinion the Best brewer in the state, him along with his crew have amassed 11 awards, since 1993, they have even beat out some of the big boys in a few categories. My personal favorite is the Watch Dog Wit, a Belgian style white ale that is a perfect summer cooler. A Hop Head as well he makes some very bold but balanced Hop bombs. A rotation of seasonal beers keeps the menu fresh and your tastes buds coming back for more.

They also host a Beer School several times a year where participants are indoctrinated in the process that goes into making their favorite beverage.  You help make the beer and get to take some home when it is ready.  For Beer Geeks and Newbies alike http://www.bigdogsbrews.com/brewschool/
Been going there over 20 yrs.  The Brazelburger is phenomenal.
So I tried the red hydrant ale and it was really good. For lunch I ha the grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce and bacon. The sandwich was very good and the sweet potato fries for the side was even better!
After several more outings to Big Dog's, it's time for an update.

One thing this lively den of comfort food remains is consistent.  Food is consistently well prepared, of high quality, and dished out in generous portions.  Cajun Seafood Chowder remains a top soup of the day with a real strong kick.  Chicken, Mushroom, & Barley Soup with celery, soft carrots, and tendrils of fresh falling apart chicken is very good, as well.     

The beef in Big Dog's Beef Stroganoff has always been all lean beef, with hand cut large Button Mushrooms, and an ample dab of sour cream placed atop Stroganoff Sauce (similar to Swedish Meatballs Sauce) liberally spread over an abundance of egg noodles.  This is a nice and heat hot, filling dish.

A Bavarian Pretzel was really salty, as expected, but soft: good with provided Mustard Sauce but I liked it better simply smeared with butter.  Beer Bread Rolls (which are only produced on request) are real thick and filling.  A Garden Salad with Iceberg Lettuce and a spicy hot but interesting Smokey Avocado Dressing was good eats.   A side of nicely seasoned Skin-on French Fries was nice and hot.      

Pastrami Sliders, with grilled pastrami, Swiss Cheese, and 1,000 Island Dressing were very good as is, but even better with French's Classic Yellow Mustard.  More Dressing would have enhanced the taste of this dish still more.  Creamy Cole Slaw and Red Skin-on Potato Salad served here have always been excellent in taste.   

One time Diane's Fried Shrimp appetizer was obviously overcooked.  But  every other time it was made just right, including during an AYCE fried shrimp special.  

Food is prepared and served quickly.  One time my entrée arrived on the heels of my appetizer.  And, I had to request an Iced Tea refill.  But most of the time glasses are regularly refilled by alert servers, and they are pleasant and seem to want to please diners.

Although there is great consistency in food, there is sometimes inconsistency in other respects.  For example, the main restaurant (referred to as The Barn with its faux cowhide décor) seems to close at the whim of management.  One day we were seated at 8:30 p.m.  Another day it remained open until 9:00 p.m.  And, just a few days later we were denied entry at 8:20 p.m., and had to sit at a table situated between the bar and the restaurant proper.  And, while one time we had to ask who our server was after waiting for some time for someone to acknowledge us, a few days later we were quickly approached and asked for our order by two waiters in close succession.  

But the quibbles are small.  I have enjoyed a 4-star experience just about every time I have eaten here, which is now in double digits.
Great selection of micro brew beer.  They have a 10 + percent alcohol IPA which was unique.  There stout was a step up from others I have tried before.  They had a raspberry beer that had a taste just like biting into a fresh raspberry: amazing.  The Packer and Cheese-head decor was a bit off-putting, though.
We heard there was a Badgers/Packers bar up north and wanted to check it out for the Badgers - Sun Devils game.  Btw, it was a very unfair ending, so if you decide to comment on this review, please do not say anything about this game.  It's kind of a sore subject. LOL.

When you drive up you're greeted with a couple of unforgettable pieces.  First is the huge house shaped sign that welcomes you to the joint.  On the way in, there's also a very large dog statue with a sign that says, "do not climb on dog." They shouldn't have put that there.  Later in the evening, our curiosity prompted us to ask the server to climb the dog.  When we got the 'good to go,' we literally took a thousand pictures on that statue.  Awesome.  The inside is pretty huge.  It actually reminds me of a local pub in Wisconsin.  Pictures, awards, Wisconsin shaped everything!  The bar is definitely the center piece of the establishment.  It takes up 50% of the joint.  TV's everywhere make it easy keep track of the game.  The staff was super nice.  Our server was on point.  She really made us feel at home.  I loved the ambiance.  Totally my kind of place!

The cool thing is the fact that they have a line of their own signature brewskis.  We got a total of 4 pitchers of the Leglifter Light.  This American style light lager alternative is mild in flavor and super refreshing.  With only 4% ABV (alcohol by volume), it is sure to keep you going throughout the game.  For our food, we started off with the Wisconsin Cheese Curds for $10.  It's white cheddar cheese curds, breaded and fried golden. Served with homemade dill horseradish sauce & ranch dressing for dipping.  Man, this was good!  If you like cheese, you will love this!  The breading was crunchy and flavorful.  Curds were perfectly salty.  We also got the full order of Doghouse Nachos for $14.00.  Chips with cheese, tomatoes, jalapeños, olives, sour cream, scallions, salsa & guacamole.  This bite reminded me of stadium nachos.  Nothing special, cheese from a can.  Lastly, we got the Chicken Wings for $9.00.  It's served with celery and carrots. You can choose to have the wings plain, BBQ, medium, hot, spicy chipotle or honey hot.  We asked for half BBQ and half medium.  The wing was crispy and perfectly fried.  The mild sauce was my favorite.  The actual sauce didn't seem to over power the wing and really showcased the chicken taste.  The BBQ, on the other hand, seemed to really over power the wing for me.  Super sweet flavor. If they used a little less sauce, I think I would have enjoyed it a bit more.  

After all brews and food, our bill was $80 for 4 people.  That's a deal.  It's definitely a far drive, however, it is Packers/Badgers season.  It's time to man up and return there for game time.  I'm so happy I found a Packers/Badgers bar that I actually enjoy!
The food here was just OK.  We split the cheese curd appetizer - it was okay, but since I'm from Wisconsin, I've had much better. For my meal I had the italian beef and sausage sandwich. It was decent, but not great. The beer here was good - they have their own brews and a pretty good selection. I really came here to watch the Packer game since this is a Packer bar, so that was a lot  of fun. EVERYONE  was wearing packers gear and it made me feel right at home! So if you're a packer fan, this is the place to be on Sundays! And if you want a seat at the bar on game day, make sure you get there early because the bar fills up fast.
I love this place. Great breakfast, lunch, dinner, and beer. Friendly staff. It's my favorite bar in Vegas.
Heidi is the best!! She deserves a raise!!! Great customer service!! Food was great too!!! I'm a sucker for fries and ranch sauce!!
I took my daughter and wife her for lunch. I ordered a Salad with Chicken Breast and Balsamic Dressing. The salad was good. The dressing was a little strong. My daughter ordered the Club sandwich and she said it was OK. They were a little skimpy on the meats. My wife ordered the Chicken wrap. She said it was excellent and there were no issues with her meal. The waitress was very upbeat and positive and even suggested menu items for us. My drink was always full and the service was excellent. A little pricey for lunch. The entire meal for 3 was $45.00
If you aren't a Packers fan, avoid the seating area in the bar section by the back door on Sundays. My hubby and i got there early to watch the Lions 10am game and got the center seat. As Packer fans filed in for their 1 o'clock game, we were being watched and lurked and talked about because we were in prime seats. I felt uncomfortable and told my husband we should just leave. As soon as we paid the check, and sat up, one of them came swooping in with his plate. We hadn't even moved away from the table yet!

Other than aggressive fans, it's one of our favorites to go. The food is good and the specials are nice. They're quick with service and friendly. They now also have shuffleboard and skee-ball.
This review should have been more timely, instead of three weeks after our visit.  It was originally written "in the moment" and submitted on my phone.  Lo and behold, my first attempt to submit a review by phone, and it went missing, including the draft.  Unlike the meal we had, which settled nicely into our stomachs, the review is floating somewhere in cyberspace.  A re-enactment follows.

It's been several years since we were at the Big Dog's on Rancho, long before my Yelp residency, and I didn't recognize it.  It was conveniently right across the street from the Lumber Liquidators that we'd just been to, so a welcome excuse to avoid cooking dinner was inviting us to cross the street.  Alas, we were about 10 minutes too late for Happy Hour, so we had to order off the regular menu.  Not such a bad thing, since we had a fabulous meal.

After quenching my thirst on my fave, Angry Orchard Cider on tap, I ordered the Southwest Turkey Melt, and Mr. G got the Pecan Crusted Walleye.  My sandwich was absolutely the best, full of stuff, including excellent turkey, and grilled just right.  Normally I wouldn't even have tasted the Walleye, since I try to avoid fried foods. (No, I didn't get fries with my sangwich).  But this one was pecan crusted; mention a nut and I go nuts, so I just had to sample it.  If I weren't so full from my sandwich, I would have inhaled every piece of walleye on that plate.  It was that good!

Service was exceptional: friendly, helpful and mostly prompt, amazing considering it was a weeknight and the place was jammed.  

We are looking forward to going back.  That would have happened tonight, except that I had a BOGO birthday coupon that I wanted to use from a different pub before it expires.  But we'll be walkin' that Big Dog again before too long!
Overall I like this place.  The beers are good and the they give you large portions (which any respectable manly man looks for in a draft house.)

The food is a bit inconsistent.  I had an excellent steak a few weeks ago and last night it was just OK.  Almost seems like they used a different grade of beef.  The host may have been a bit slow or off his game, but he waited for me to ask for a table before saying anything.  Doesn't seem like a big deal, but if you think about it, it can get awkward fast.

The beverages are always good though, so if nothing else go and try the house brews.
Another successful night Dogtoberfest, what a blast! Great food, awesome brews and all my beer friends can't wait for January. ...Well done Big Dogs!!!
Another late dining expedition to Big Dog's, and another great Big Dog's Beef Stroganoff, with morsels of lean meat (no fat), chopped Button mushrooms, Pearl Onions, a couple of pieces of mild orange pepper, some dollops of sour cream, stroganoff sauce, and egg noodles.  It is the best Beef Stroganoff I have tasted in the Las Vegas valley!

And as a prelude, a Dinner Salad with mixed greens, radicchio, carrot slivers, plump Cherry Tomatoes, cucumbers, croutons, Cheddar Cheese shavings if desired, and a very tasty fat-free Italian Dressing gave me my quota of vegetables for the day all in one package.  Diane ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger between rare and medium rare, and it was spot on.  A fine comfort food emporium!
Worst food I've tasted since 1995. Service was terrible and the filet mignon was cardboard. Very disappointed. Will never return
90 minutes for 3 people to get breakfast... It took 20 minutes to get our drinks and an hour for our food. The beers we tried were good and the food was solid but based on the service I definitely won't be back to this location. It was not super busy and there was plenty of staff and we couldn't see what the extreme delay was all about.
Came here with a party of 8 at 6:20 p.m on a Saturday night. Hostess told us it would be a 20 minute wait. Waited over an hour to be seated. Terrible time to come. 

The food here is decent, and the fresh brewed beer is notable as well. However, definitely not worth the time waiting!!
My bf myself and our uncle love going to this bar. They have really yummy bar food as well as a sit down restaurant. Good service but if you want to sit and eat in the restaurant make sure you call in at least a couple of hours in advance to reserve a table because they don't have many tables and it can get busy in there. Came with a party of 8 and waited like over an hour to be seated on a Saturday night. Yikes. Food and drinks were worth it but we were starving.
As a fan of quality craft beer, I was excited to try Big Dog's. I'd had it bookmarked for months. Unfortunately, I came on the wrong day; they were out of the first FOUR beers I ordered -- the pale ale, Red Hydrant, Dirty Dog IPA, and 38 Special. Finally, I had the waitress tell me what she DID have, so she went off to the bar, and came back with a recommendation of a rye ale, which I ordered. It was probably the best fifth choice I've ever had. Apparently, Big Dog's had taken part in some sort of craft beer festival the day prior, and ran out of all of their beers there.

For food, I had the sliders, which were okay; nothing special about them, and no reason to order them again.

Our waitress (sorry, can't remember her name) seemed to want to do a good job, but also had a bit of a deer-in-the-headlights look about her. I envisioned that she had recently been in some sort of white-collar industry, and had not been waiting tables for very long.

I would probably give Big Dog's another try, but I'm not really in any hurry to do so.
We were out in the Northwest on our haunted house expedition, and decided to stop in because we hadn't been here in years. It was kind of late so the restaurant area was closed. I HATE sitting at barstools, but they had this weird sort of option of sitting on really tall padded benches against the wall. Slightly more comfortable, but the Anaconda said he felt like a little kid with his feet dangling.

Got the bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato waffle fries. Burger was well cooked and tasty, and the hot, crispy fries came with a thin, sweet dipping sauce that went perfectly. Baby Sis got a house specialty sandwich with bratwurst. She said it was good but I can't personally attest since I didn't actually get a bite. She never was good at sharing.

Service was fine- friendly staff who seemed a little overworked. Pleasant vibe- they played a lot of classic rock mixed with country hits which seemed to cover the customer base pretty well. (About half of which were chatting and happy while the others were hunched over the video poker machines in their own private hell. I feel your pain.)

Now for the part that, for me, lost them their fourth star, but ironically, made the Anaconda and Baby Sis want to give them 5: they let you smoke at the #@$! table! WTF!  Am I the only one who recalls a law passed not that long ago that prohibited smoking in food service areas? What the hell ever happened to that??!! 

They sat there dreamily puffing away, declaring that it was such a treat not to have to go outside for their post-meal coffin nails, that this was their new favorite restaurant. I wanted to call the police.
If you're going to come here - enjoy the beer and the brat & bean soup on a Saturday Night. Sit at the bar and enjoy the people watching. If you're super hungry, the ribs are okay.

DO NOT use the bathroom. DO NOT get the food, especially the garlic fries. DO NOT expect decent service - but expect an overly priced menu. We accidentally spent $50 here thinking it would be worth it - it was not. We ended up grabbing Dominoes pizza 2 hours later. 

The food is so obviously frozen, and the waitress we had was rude. She gave us the 'What do you want." attitude - I typed that correctly - it's like it wasn't even a question, like we were disrupting her. There were buckets strewn about the restaurant and bathrooms due to the leaky roof succumbing to the rain, and the it just all felt dirty. 

We won't be back. Oh no, we won't be back.
It's a neat restaurant and has friendly staff. I had a bad experience when I was younger eating here by choking, so I can't really review it properly. The only thing I can say is that they didn't charge me for my meal. I appreciate them making light of a traumatic situation.
I love the craft beers at the draft house. The pot roast sandwich is awesome. The bartenders are great to except for Tyrone. BAD ATTITUDE. That's the only thing wrong with that place is Tyrone.
First timer at Big Dogs...and probably last timer.  I don't think I'll be back.   Went to Big Dog's last night, it was packed in the bar for Monday night football, and I had high hopes of good food and service in the restaurant.  We got beer and an appetizer. Ordered the cheese curds for appetizer. They were okay, it seemed they might have sat quite a while in the kitchen before being delivered to our table.  We  never got dinner  After waiting long over an hour for dinner, we asked for our check, paid and left.. The waitress apologized, stating they were experiencing troubles over the new menu. 

UPDATE:  The manager contacted me with an apology for our experience and invited us to return to Big Dog's for another try.  Everyone deserves a second chance.  Will take them up on that real soon and update.
Being a Cheesehead and a beer lover, this place is an easy kill for me.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner +beer and Packer football.... It's an cozy friendly place to be.
A Bears fan going to a Packers bar doesn't make a lot of sense.  However, I do like the Red Hydrant Ale, the beer cheese soup and the last brewfest I attended despite the weather moving me inside. All good.
My bf and I came here for the packers game and it was a lot of fun! The place gets super packed and the atmosphere is awesome!! They have a lot of Wisconsin plates, which were super good! You must try the cheese curds and the Wisconsin brats!  Did I mentioned they brew their own beer?? I really like supporting our local brewers, so please come and drink a beer! Their service was really good, even though the bar was very busy our waitress was checking on us on a regular basis! I'm giving them 3 stars mainly due to their nachos and poor tv image. I mean, come on! A great sport bar must have great nachos!!! Their ingredients were very cheap and not very tasty, they need to add more ingredients and maybe some chicken. Also, knowing that this is a green bay packers bar their tvs should have a better image, they do not seem to have HDTV and they had tons of problems with the sound!
Our party of 8 came in and we were quickly seated..... The bartender came and put two tables together for us and made us feel at home (good job) then he took our drink order an and when he was done the waitress came and took our food order... I ordered the fish and chips but to tell you the truth I thought the fish and chips were VAN DE CAMPS BUT EVERYTHING else was very good very  fresh..... The service  was fantastic
Another great experience here at The Draft House.  Love the Staff, people, and food.  If you have a bad experience here, please talk to that staff.  They are great folks like you and I.  Thank you Draft House!
Time for another update.   Wifey and I were in Las Vegas right after New Year's and we stopped by the Draft House a few times.   Let me say that Julie, Tina and Jessica all took great care of us.    We never had an empty glass or did we ever need anything.   We'll always miss Patty though.   

As always, Dave Otto's brews were spot on.   The Rebel Ryesin Rye Ale, the Black Lab Stout, the Rebel Red and of course the Down Under Double IPA were all good.   On a previous trip out there, we sat at the bar and had excellent service from Tyrone.   We normally don't sit at the bar, but since we were just going to have a quick beer, we did and it was great.  

We tried a few things which we had never tried before from the menu.  The Porky Pine Pizza is really good and are the twice baked wings.   Wow... they were tasty.   Of course, the Bratzel is always good when you come in starving!   One good thing is they have the chili on the menu all the time now.   Awesome!   

A word of note.   This place gets crowded for all Green Bay Packer games.  Come early if you want a seat.   Overall, the crowd was very well behaved and it was fun to watch the game (even though we were quietly cheering for the other team!)   Most everyone was really enjoying watching the game.   That was a good time. 

Will we be back?   Of course we will.
Still one of my favorite places (reminds me of home) but I forgot to add that they do offer a military discount!

Also, Lady T's Vanilla Chocolate Stout is delicious.
The beer is fantastic, but the service at the restaurant is worse than before. Pretty sad.
Been coming here since the 90s always great beer,good service is the norm.  The brat burger is worth the drive.  My favorite beer is the dirty dog IPA but check their big board as they change up frequently.   Bar has a great vibe, recognize you even if you come once in a while.
Came in tonight on our way home and hoping for pizza, which we saw on the online menu. However,  when we asked for a menu, our bartender, poor guy, had to jot down the limited menu options on a beverage napkin because they do not provide him a printed late night menu. I can say as a fellow bartender, how can you possibly expect your staff to give great service if they don't have the basic tools to do the job?? He did a great job, all things considered but I don't know that I would comes back here to eat late night again. The bartender is awesome, but should at least have something printed to present for a menu. I would come back to see him for drinks,  but that's prob it. Give your staff a little support and they can do a much better job for you.
I think the world has been brainwashed into a low bar of service, hence the many good reviews. This place is, at minimum, an argument for abolishing tipping. I agree with the reviewers regarding the service. We were handed menus, and before we could open them, we were asked what we wanted, as if the information had been magically downloaded into our heads. 

Our waitress was equally robotic. She didn't try to sell us anything, talk about the craft beers, or pretend that we were helping to pay her check in any way,

So we ordered. The food was tasty enough, albeit overpriced. The beer, not as good Aces and Ales offers a better drink experience. My stout lacked the dimension and heartiness I expect, and its flavor was dull.

My friend ordered pastrami on sourdough. It came out on rye. The took it back to the kitchen and simply scraped it on to new toasted bread, losing half the sauerkraut in the process.

We boxed our own leftovers. Our waitress did come to us at the end, smiling, hoping everything was all right. It was--just all right. Definitely not worth the price tag.

At least it was a good night out with friends. We'll go elsewhere next time
It is so unfortunate, but since the menu change, it has really went down hill. This used to be one of my favorite places to go for a good burger, or salad, etc...  But the changes are NOT positive ones.
The salads used to be almost works of art, now they look like pre-made wilted piles of mush.  
I thought it was bad that they closed the Big Dogs on Sahara, but maybe not???

So, so disappointing!!!!
As a Wisconsin native, I had to give this place a try and i was not dissapointed. Cheese curds were on par with what you actually get in Milwaukee! Cant wait to watch Packer and Badger games there when the football season starts!
What a surprise . . . originally from southeastern Wisconsin . . . stumbling into a Wisconsin bar located in Las Vegas.  The décor and memorabilia was just great . . . and being able to see the brew kettles made it even better.

Had there beer of the day . . . and while it was good and tasty . . . it could have been a bit colder.

Ordered the Bid Dog Nachos with Grilled Chicken . . . typical bar nachos . . . but the chicken tasted a bit like deli chicken . . . and not fresh grilled chicken.

I am probably giving it an extra star . . . being from Wisconsin . . . but with a little work on the beer temperature and updating ingredients, this place good be a GREAT sports bar.
Comfortable place where you can bring guests from out of town and know they will have good food, and a good beer. 

My husband and I go here often. The bar area service is why I deducted a star, the last 3 times I have been there and sat in the bar area the service has been extremely slow. In their defense, I was recently there on a Friday evening during a NCAA tournament basketball game. 

The soft pretzels are good, and great price during happy hour.  The cheese soup, and the nachos with shredded beef are worth a super long workout to negate the calories.

Burgers are good and you can get veggie burgers (Boca patties) even though I don't believe it is listed on the menu. My fave is a build your own on a pretzel roll, with green chiles, pepper jack cheese, and guacamole....I've gotten this combo with beef burger, turkey burger, or a veggie burger depending on my mood. 

I was sad to learn on my last visit that one off favorites - the Mediterranean salad - was no longer on the menu. If anyone from Big Dog's reads this, I know I have spoken mostly of the delicious food porn options you offer, but more often than not i ordered that salad- please bring it back! 

Digressing...make sure you sign up for their free loyalty club for coupon offers and loyalty points. Sit in the dining room if you are bothered by cigarette smoke.
I've been coming to the Draft House almost every weekend for the past 8 years.  I have to say if I rated this place back then it would be a 5-star business.  But recently Big Dog's has self-destructed!  The service has gone from good to horrible, but that can be expected when you fire two if your best bartenders (Tyrone and Meg). The menu has gone downhill and the choices its head chef have made are disgraceful, plus the prices are high for what you get.  The only thing keeping the place alive is the beer, when they actually have it in stock.
I enjoy this bar/restaurant for taking out of town company to give them a taste of something off-strip.  Also a great place to watch Packer games.  Almost like being home in Wisconsin in terms of the energy and game day atmosphere.  It had been a couple months since I'd gone here and I happened upon a slew of negative reviews.  I had to check it out to see if one of my favorite places in Las Vegas had really fallen apart.  I'm told the other locations had closed and this review does not reflect or comment on that.  That's a business matter for the owners to speak on and not the yelping public.

The menu is the same menu I remember.  I enjoy the cheese curds, Big Dog's salad, and Bratzel quite a bit.  The cheese curds are the closet thing to Wisconsin cheese curds I've had here in Las Vegas.  The Bratzel is a beautiful creation of cheeseburger, bacon and brat.  The big dog's salad is an excellent mexican style salad.  On my most recent visit I had the chicken friend steak.  The chicken fried steak was one of the better renditions of the dish I've had in town.

We dined in the dining room and our server (I want to say Lynn?) was excellent.  Long story short, I'm not quite sure where all the recent hatred for Big Dog's has come from.
First visit to "Big Dogs" last nite shortly after 11 pm.  Bartender informed me they didn't make pizzas after 11.  Ordered a beer and an order of wings to go and started playing a video poker machine.  In less than 5 min I had $120 in the machine and ultimately $220.  Short bartender with starter set of muscles offered no interaction with either of the 3-4 patrons at the bar.  As he delivered my check he explained that he needed to collect before the food was delivered.  Looking at the receipt, I noticed the bartender had charged me $3.25 for the beer.  I asked if I had to pay for the beer since I had been playing the machine.  He looked at my machine and said he would remove it from my check.  Had I paid without looking (which I often do), I'd have paid for the beer.  

The wings were delivered, I played for a couple more min before hitting the "cash-out" button for $240 - a $20 winner.  Several minutes passed without anyone acknowledging my cash out.  I began observing the bartender in an effort to make eye contact. No luck - he walked by several times with no contact.  Finally, I flagged a tall blonde guy telling him I needed to cash out.  He informed the short bartender and my payment was delivered.

Normally, my $20 win would be split with the bartender - not this time!  I stiffed him, I left him zero.  Which was exactly equal to the service and attention he offered.

A return visit is not likely.
Been going there for years.  Liked and miss the old menu. Won't go as often now. Prices are too high too. Food servers are really nice.  Bar tenders so so. Way too loud.
I became a regular here, although admittedly I dreaded going sometimes because the cigarette smoke filled atmosphere is slightly unbearable. I'm a tough cookie, and Big Dog's holds a special place in my heart because they do beer, food, and service really well. That deserves my business everyday.

The beer is pretty good. I stumbled upon the local/craft beer scene and the city of Las Vegas royally sucks for anything besides Budweiser products. I love every menu item I've tried. Cheese curds! The twice baked wings are delicious, and they even have veggie burgers :-) Great menu, overall.

Service here rocks. I never sat at the bar, but always at a table next to it. I've had a few different waitresses, all superb. My beer never was less than a quarter full before I was asked for refills, and no matter how long I sat there drinking the service was consistent. Five stars, if a smoker didn't always sit right next to me.
This place has great beer so I go there for that foremost.  The food is plentiful, diverse and typical and pretty good.  I like that you can get Walleye Pike from Wisconsin here but the breading leaves a little to be desired.  They should offer it broiled or grilled.  Be prepared for smoke and beer in the air.  However, the servers are friendly, attentive and on the ball.  Good for sports watching too and place always has that festive feel to it. Pretzels are like in Germany.  Don't expect gluten free.
This restaurant is always packed with people and I have frequent this establishment serveral time over the years. It ihas great casual dining with large portions of home style food.  I was introduced to something new on the menu I have never noticed before, the Wisconsin Walleye 10-12 oz filet of this fresh water delicacy. It is offered in 3 ways: traditional corn meal breaded pan fried, broiled with citrus glaze or our house specialty "pecan crusted." includes your choice of two sides for $20. The fish was delicious BUT, stay away from the breading, it over powers the delicacy of the fish. Unfortunately, I had to send it back because I ordered it with the "pecan crusted" coating.  Order it BROILED! The Broccolini side dish was tasted wonderful and cooked al dente to perfection. I am coming back for that same dish broiled.
First time here but it wont be my last, the atmosphere is very welcoming with it's western feel. My waiter was very friendly and the food was very tasty.
even better that the one on the Sahara, that is close. Friendly staff and very attentive.
This place is great the Dirty Dog IPA is by far the best on tap. and the WI cheese curds are a great taste of home....I would say for $10 they need to throw a few more in on the portion size tho. all that said, this is a great spot for families as well with a kids menu and separate dining area away from games and smoke.
I loved this place until my visit tonight. The food is great. Cheese curds, beer cheese soup, pot roast, and sausages are awesome. However, the service is terrible. They LOST my debt card. I placed it in the card sleeve, the server took it, brought it back and didn't say anything. I went to sign, my card and the slip weren't there. So I began to panic! The card wasn't on the table, in my wallet, or on the floor around me. I waved the inattentive sever down and told her my card was missing. "Well, it wasn't there when I went to process it." So the search begins. She retraces her steps and after five minutes gives up. I begin calling my bank. Then from across the room some busser picks it up and gives it to the guest sitting next to him. HE GAVE MY CARD AWAY!!! The couple that he gave it to, got up and asked if there was someone missing their card. I wasn't expecting a free meal after this ordeal but it wasn't even offered. They asked me if I had a different form of payment before the card was found. You've gotta be kidding me! This was handled so poorly.  I really enjoy the food but this incident will prevent me from ever coming back. Horrible.
I've been a semi-regular to regular attendee of the place since it opened back in the late 80's, and its certainly had its ups and downs in that time period.

Speaking for now, I consider it to be my "home" bar and rarely have an experience that's not positive.

The beer here is phenomenal, and they always have a great selection of craft brews that they make on site. No matter what you're in the mood for, there's always something there you'll like.

The food is almost always good. A lot of standard American fare, with some Wisconsin style dishes like their fried cheese curds (mandatory whenever you go there) and walleye. Their burgers are always great, as is pretty much anything else you get there. The only thing I've eaten there in recent memory that didn't really get my approval was their prime rib, which was very....okay. That's not a normal thing on the menu though.

Service also generally good, especially if Emily serves you. She's one of the best out there and will always make sure you're well taken care of. The other servers there are also mostly good, though some occasionally disappear for longer than you'd like leaving dry glasses when you want another round.

The environment is very welcoming and down to earth, but by no means trashy or low budget. Being a Wisconsin bar, there's tons of Green Bay stuff decorating the walls. If you're a Bears or Vikings fan, you have been warned. In terms of smoke, you'll come out of the place smelling like it, but there are plenty of air filters installed so you never feel like you're in a smokey bar.

Lately there's some points against it in that it's been extremely crowded as of late (can't really fault them for success, but as a patron it's a pain), and they've also installed a jukebox which means being subjected to loud, crappy music whereas they've always played classic rock and other quality tunes there (some of which is actually fairly obscure, so a music nut like me would jump for joy when you'd hear an old 70's progressive rock tune that you'd never hear on the radio).

One thing that I really wish they had is an established happy hour. The beers there are a little on the pricey side, and being able to swing by after work some days without a $30+ bill (food and a few beers) bill would be nice.
Home cooking, great specials, good beer, and cheese curds! Does not disappoint but I'm also from wisconsin ;)
We've been coming here for a while now.  The food is always good and the service is great.  Gets a little crowded sometimes but it's worth it.  The pot stickers were great.  My daughter isn't much of an eater but she downed 4 of them before she got her dinner.  The buffalo wings are great!!  The cobb salad is as good as the rest of the meal.  Just an all around good place to get a good meal.
another great meal here patty melt done right and burgers are good.  . beer special tonight is cream ale. Emily and Patricia taking great care of us.
It seems there is a new menu, a new patio but the same great service. 

We hadn't been in for a while, we enjoyed the nacho's before but for two people, it's a big plate. They would allow half orders but no more, so if you are hungry or have a large group, the nacho's are a good app.

They also had in the past a bratwurst plate, thats been gone for sometime, but they also had a steak and sausage sandwich, but now it's chicken and sausage. 

They have added pizza's, not too bad, the flavor is good but the crust is not my favorite. 

Overall, good food, good beer and good service!
After being seated by a young host who mumbled something about drinks then walked off to never come back then sitting for over 10 minutes and being ignored by no less than 7 different servers who walked by us, we walked out. Since we've been here twice before and the food is always just average (extremely boring menu) don't think we'll be back. What a shame since there are not too many breweries on this side of town.
Big Dog's took away breakfast for a little while since my last review and then our favorite waitress left. Luckily they brought breakfast back but it hasn't been quite the same since. Lots of little changes, some for the better, but it just hasn't been the old faithful it once was. Still a great place in my book and maybe with some more visits it will return to the 5 stars we once knew.
Good food, although kind of limited selection for vegetarians. Patio dining is nice, but too hot by afternoon.
Went here for lunch after a trip to a new place that turned out horrible. We've been here before but my husband hadn't been in years. He is tough to impress. He loved it. He had the pot roast sandwich, I had the club. Everything was delicious and the service was good. I've never had a bad time going here. We'd go a lot more if we lived a little bit closer.
Well, this place is extremely chill on a Saturday evening, and though we didn't get to try the food, well the beers are real good! IPA, lake mead monster, even Pilsner, so good!
We arrived at 8:20 for the all you can eat shrimp. When we approached the hostess, she informed us that she would seat us, but they are closing the dining room and we'd be the last customers. I'm unsure why this was relevant, it only made me feel like an inconvenience and that she was doing us a favor. My son got the shrimp those were good. These rest of our meals were awful. I got the roast beef sandwich and it was so greasy I couldn't pick it up, the bun fell apart on the bottom. The Mac and cheese was not much above kraft. The pasta was way over cooked. I was going to give 2 stars until we sat and waited 20 minutes after we were done eating for someone to address we needed the check. After we received our food we did not see anyone until that point, once the 3 of us had to stare down the staff to get attention.
Tends to be a meeting spot whenever I'm in the northwest. Solid bar food, plus the only place I know of that has walleye. Their brews are pretty good, but if it's war dog season, order no less than three. Then a growler of it to go, it's liquid gold. Fun times at their mini brew festivals as well, held every few months.
This microbrewery is definitely a centerpiece of Madison's dining and drinking scene.  I'm surprised nobody else has reviewed it yet.  Pretty cool place with frequent live music, a back room with pool and darts and an expansive menu showcasing the best artichoke cheese dip ever.
Loses points since they stopped serving their own beer on tap.  Still has a decent beer menu but so does every other place in Madison.

Some of the best nachos money can buy though.
The Angelic Brewery is great for quite a few things.  There is LOTS OF SPACE, therefore you and 10 of your closest friends probably can get a table on a Friday night without waiting more than 30 minutes if at all.  Additionally on most off nights the Angelic can be a nice quiet spot to have a conversation with your drink before you head out to a more populous and interesting locale.  There is lots of space because this bar is usually not very busy nor is it booked up too much in the future.  This is a great thing.  My sister reserved a table for her graduation lunch a day or two beforehand and things went very smoothly.  
On to things mediocre, the food at the Angelic is hit or miss. I have had good pizza, and I've had less than good pizza here.  The same experiences can be said for the pastas and salads... sometimes they're WOW and other times they're eh.   I must admit the spinach artichoke dip and nachos are ALWAYS good.  
As for beer, the brewmaster left sometime in 2004, and the Angelic hasn't been the same since.  They have a decent selection of tap beers, but I am quite sad that I may never taste their trippel or doubel ever again.  There are fair priced drink specials to draw you there on the weekdays.  Occasionally they have live bands that play traditional pub music. (you know flutes violins etc)  Like their food they have been known to book both good and mediocre DJ's for dancing and fun having.  Usually there's a cover for those evenings.  
I'm giving the Angelic 3 stars; for what you can eat, drink, and do in Madison, you can usually do better than the Angelic.
When my boyfriend and I went, we sat outside on the patio and had their deeelicious breaded, fried cheese curds. I drank their smooth, consistently icy pina colada and it was all very heavenly. Thoughtful service. We'd revisit. There was an element of silliness because a Shriner band was playing on the inside.
Ugh - I was horribly dissatisfied w/this place.

I'd heard it hyped, and I was expecting good things, but when I finally got a chance go to, I was definitely disappointed.

I felt bad for the server, he said he had a party of 23 in the next room over, and most of them didn't speak English.  I didn't see another party, or even another room - but was he really the only waiter working?  In that huge place?  At dinner time?!!  It appeared so.  The only other employees we had contact with were two hostesses who barely spoke to us.

The bar was practically empty, as was the rest of the place, but our service still took forever, I received the wrong drink, and my food was awful.  My burger was underdone, the bun was soggy, and even though I'd added lots of toppings - avocado, lettuce, etc - it was bland to the point of inedibility.

I ate about half of it and left hungry.  My date thought maybe I was being a little picky - until he tasted my burger.  Case closed.

Adding to the chaos - some dj was setting up, playing obscenely loud music as he got his equipment in order, even though there was NOBODY there, and it was extremely difficult to even have a conversation.  We ended up staring at each other mutely over the table most of the meal...and not in that lovey-dovey way ...

Just overall an unpleasant experience.
I'm still not sure if this should get 3 or 4 stars (I'd give it 3.5 if I could), but there really are many awesome things about Angelic. Normally I don't care for decor, but this place is really a great place to eat and drink. Speaking of which, yes, this place no longer brews beer on the premises. However, the brewer ended up starting another brewery in town (Ale Asylum), and Angelic has all of these beers, along with many other beers.  That's very good. 

The thing that I wish Angelic would improve on is to broaden their appetizer menu; almost every appetizer they serve is made with cheese (which I don't eat), and of the items without cheese, almost all of them are rather expensive. So for me, I prefer to come here to drink rather than to eat. However, there are others who will, without a doubt, like the appetizers more than I do, so that's cool. If you think you will enjoy  it, super.
I used to work there when I was in college and back when they actually were a brewing company. I am really glad that Dean started Ale Asylum, but it was a huge hit to the Angelic's appeal. Another blow while was working there was the MPD and ALRC's crusade against hip hop nights (or really any type of event that might attract anyone of color).  I witnessed the Angelic get targeted on this front and it wasn't necessarily always handled in the best of ways (lying to patrons about what kind of music was going to be played that night). 
I agree that most of the food is nothing special and is overpriced for what it is. But I also concur that they have some of the best nachos (everything was made fresh that morning) and artichoke spinach dip (I think I still recall the recipe and would sell it to the highest bidder) and some of the pizzas were pretty good depending on how much care was given to constructing them. All told, however, I think it is time the Angelic had an overhaul and reinvented itself outside of the brewpub it no longer is.  The space and location are amazing and the building has a storied history.
It's standard bar fare.

There's, you know, drinks available.  

So why bother to review?

Well, I give Angelic 5 stars because they picked my sorry ass up off the floor when I drank myself into oblivion while visiting some friends in the Madison area and seeing our favorite band play down the block.  They were kind enough to give me a little corner to sit in and brought me water and I believe told my friends to go easy on me...which was nice.     I never, ever in my life got that obliterated, and I was hundreds of miles from home.   Oh, Angelic.. thank you for not kicking me out.  I appreciate it.
I met my husband here so it gets 5 stars for that.
If you like beer then this is your place
Standard bar food and I love the outdoor patio.
This is a great place if you love good beer.  And life is too short to drink bad beer!  They have a great selection of bottles that you can purchase and drink in the bar, or take out in a mixed 6 pack.  They also have a rotating menu of beer on draft.   This is not a bud light drinker's bar. They have great pizzas also.
Papago completely rocks. They adhere to the philosophy that yellow fizzy beer is for wussies. They have 30 taps and 2 casks, all devoted solely to good beer, both local and imported. Papago makes several of its own beers, harkening back to when it first opened and was a combination homebrew supply store and bar. Their own beers are great, but you also really get some treats and amazing beers on their other taps -- it changes weekly, so check out  their website (http://www.papagobrewing.com/) for the latest. In addition, they carry over 400 different bottled beers, which you can buy and then drink there in the bar. The first year that they were open, they used to offer "Beer Education 101" classes, which were really awesome, I became an expert in a variety of beer styles in a short time period. I also was exposed to so many of Arizona's microbrews -- who knew? You'd think this was Boulder, CO or something with all the great brewing around here. Though it's changed since becoming a brewpub and lost a little of its educational focus, it's still my favorite pub in the whole world. I don't live there anymore, but I've been known to drive to AZ just for a beer run at Papago.
I love the Papago Peak brewery. What the other reviewers put about their stock of tap & bottled beer is true. And the food is great too.

Papago generally attracts an older (25-40) crowd, which is nice. 

My only complaint about Papago is that it has bare floor & walls and it tends to get very LOUD in there. Not a place to go for intimate conversation, you kinda have to shout to be heard. But it's all worth it!!
If you don't have a healthy appreciation for good quality beer, you won't appreciate all that this place has to offer. They have a huge selection of beers on tap and over 400 beers in a bottle. One of my favorite things about this place is that they leave empty six packs next to the cooler of bottled beers so you can mix and match any combination of their bottles for eight bucks. Not bad, considering the rarity of some of those bottles. 

The food is good but not outstanding, but the beer is enough to get me in the door and keep me for a while.
this is a great little bar hidden in a funny little strip mall- there used to be, or still might be a goofy hip hop dance club nearby, which is great for laughs as you're coming or going.
tons of beers on tap and even more in a convenience store like, in-wall refrigerated area across from the bar. pick out one and ring it up and put in a glass, or pick a beer on tap.
lots of space to spread out and eat, watch a game or play cards. big plus, this place has a bunch of board games to bust out while you enjoy your brew. 

***Update:
i feel obligated to note that this place is LOUD. i just went this weekend to meet up with some friends, and it was not just busy loud, but kinda hurts my eardrums the way the accoustics work in here loud. oh, and Club Rain (the goofy hip hop club) is still there, but i saw no one coming or going, so perhaps it got raided.
What can I say.  Great beer, and darts.

It's a little difficult to find at first, but this great little hole in the wall is surprisingly spacious inside.  With large chunky wood tables, and chairs, 30 beers on tap (Their motto is No Crap on Tap) and several hundred more in the cooler across from the bar.

If you like beer, you'll love this place.  If you don't like beer it's because you haven't tried enough :).  Papago will most likely have something you would like.

Only complaint is there isn't one in North Phoenix!!
The Orange Blossom Papago micro-brew is a pint-sized orgasm complete with violent shaking, left leg twitching and screaming out the Lord's name.   If I were doing marketing for Papago, I would adopt an ad campaign centered around the orange blossom:

"Orange Blossom, it'll keep you coming (back)."

I also enjoyed the Oregon-made Rogue Brown Ale.   I've never had it on draft, but it rules.  Papago is very reasonably priced and has some tasty, high-carb appetizers.  I enjoyed the wings, pretzels and beer bites.   They were all good but not amazing.

Four stars rather than five since they don't serve burgers.  What brewery doesn't serve burgers?  I don't know the answer...because I'm still hung-over.  God bless the orange blossom, my legs are weak still.
Not the most comfortable seats in town, but this place is great. If Yardhouse didn't exist, this would be one of the only places in town to get your imported beer fix. They have a huge selection of beers - better than Yardhouse actually... the only thing they don't have is 100 beers on tap. They do change out their tap selections every so often, so it's worth frequenting for the beer connoisseur.

They have some really tasty food as well... beer bites and sliders and pizza on the top of the list. They have a good jukebox, darts and a bunch of board games and whatnot. It's a fun place to go with friends... it's not always really loud either so you can have a conversation. They sell some wines as well as a multitude of fantastic imported beers from around the world in bottles from glass-front refrigerated display cases. You can basically use this as a liquor store if you don't have time to stay. 

This place does also function as a brewery as the name suggests... they make some good ones too. I much prefer this place to Four Peaks - by a mile... They sometimes do promotions and raffles which is fun. Locals and regulars hang out here, but they aren't too territorial. 

The service is probably one of the only shortcomings of this place... it's not that they have bad service, it's just that it's difficult to get any sometimes... particularly when it's busy. They can't seem to keep up sometimes - it's hit or miss. The people that work here are pretty cool though, so most people just overlook this.
Papago Brewing Company is wonderful! It is a smaller version of the Bier Stein in Eugene, OR (they have 900 beers). 

The Thai Chicken Pizza was very good- thai peanut sauce, red onions, chicken and cheese. Yum. 

With 30 beers on tap and another few hundred in bottles to choose from, there is something for everyone. I didn't like how it seemed to be a sports bar, but when you live in the desert, I guess watching sports is what you do. Several small TVs and one large projection screen were showing a divisional championship game last night. It wasn't an overall roudy group, but there were a few loud moments.

The real entertainment was at the table next to mine, where 3 bros were having a boys night out. One kept getting up and going outside to make phone calls (I decided he was calling his ex), while the other two made comments about every girl that came in with a guy. "I just don't get it bro, that girl is cute... and look who she came in with."

Overall Papago Brewing Co. is a very nice place, if not a little loud. I will definitely be going back.
This place was pretty great.  It was nice to see a place similar to The Beer Stein, although it was basically only it's little brother.  

The food was good and the beer selection was pretty decent as well.  They had Red Bach, which surprised the hell out of me.  Hadn't seen that since Oregon.  

The crowd of course was more so a college crowd, Arizona State is just up the street.  But it wasn't too overbearing.  

Overall though, not a bad place.
About the only pock i can punch into Papago's reputation is their pizza.  While its not really that bad, I expected MUCH better from a place that delights the senses in every way.

Their Orange Blossom Hefe is mental.  I'm not even a very big fan of Hefe, but this stuff is on point. They also consistently have a Porter, which is my favorite.

Then you can pull one of their bottled beer outta their fridge, take it up to the counter to have them pop the cap, and have at it.  Its a killer concept when you can't wait for the waitress to give you the go on a Lost Coast, or whatever.

Also, they have Beamish on tap, which maybe one or two other places in Arizona have on tap.  Certainly not places that should have it *cough*SeamusandRula*clearsthroat*

Sometimes if find bar decor really hokey, and though they play up their Belgian theme, it really looks great here.  With their giant monk overlooking his abbey and the aged picnic tables as gathering spots, the feeling is that you are in a tavern in Liege and not the world's snootiest suburb.

I might also add that their tent at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival is the dominant one of the lot.
GAMES..... lots of GAMES.... we played Scrabble.  I won!  Wow!  The Hefeweizen was the BEST I'd ever had... like an orange creamsickle... yum!

The waitress went all agro on some of my friends who had table service and apparently someone forgot to pay or pay tip.  It was an accident and we were trying to fix it and she was getting like, psycho but acting like she didn't care and it was no big deal.  For that I have to remove a star.

But I'd go back!
I am a firm believer that food is life...and so is beer.  Papago is my mecca and I try to make my pilgrimages as often as possible...Once every two weeks for the last 3 years counts!

Beer:  30 on tap, 100's in the fridges, you can't go wrong!  You must drink the following before you die...Hop Dog, Hop Father and the Hop Juice.  They are all made right there and are a sheer vision of hop-y beauty!  Can't take the hops?  Go with the Weihenstephaner in bottles...This beer has been brewed since 1040 AD...Yes, 1040 AD!  Almost a thousand years and they have it down pat!

Food:  Beer bites, Beer-B-Que pizza, and the sliders...All are must-eats and are perfect for the beer munchies...You know what I mean!

Games:  Yes, there's scrabble, trivial pursuit, but it's all about the real dartboards!  I am all about darts and this place is perfect to play with a friend or challenge some new ones...

PS - Become a monk club member...Saves a dollar on all taps and plus you get the cool mugs!
This is a solid four star establishment if you are coming for the beer selection and atmosphere. I have to minus 1/2 star for confusing service...we had three different people wait on us and at one point the one waitress forgot that we had placed an order with her (luckily she had rang it in, but still). I also have to minus 1/2 star for the food that we ordered. We had the chicken quesadillas and bruschetta. The chicken quesadillas were good in the fact that they had a lot of chicken meat, which was tasty. Other than that, they were incredibly blah. There was barely any cheese on them and some green chiles. The plate didn't even have lettuce or tomatoes on it. The bruschetta was not spectacular at all...in fact it had way too much garlic on it which overpowered everything else.

Onto the good stuff...great beer selection! There are tons of beers on tap from a nice variety of breweries, but the main attraction seems to be the enormous selection of bottled beer. You can pick one out to drink there or you can take it to go. We didn't try any of the bottled beers this time, but next time we definitely plan to. Since I was driving, I was boring and just had an 8th Street Ale. My husband tried two different beers, but unfortunately I don't remember the names. One was a stout that he enjoyed very much...it was really smooth and had a really nice creamy aftertaste. The other beer he tried was an Irish ale, but it was not very enjoyable at all, which disappointed us.  Prices were incredibly moderate and for three beers and the two appetizers, our bill without tip was $29.

There is nothing flashy about Papago Brewing Co...it's in a strip mall like everything else seems to be in Arizona and the sign on the front is pretty small, so you may drive by it while looking for it like I did. The inside is wood and dimly lit with a large TV screen and two smaller TVs (thankfully they had basketball on!). The jukebox has a very large selection (bonus points for having Dropkick Murphys) and has a great mix of the cheesy songs you love to sing along to, as well as current artists and songs.  There is also a selection of board games that you can play while drinking and hanging out, which is a nice touch.
Overall it's a nice neighborhood pub.

This place has a ridiculously large selection of bottled beer (in huge refrigerated cases for you to marvel at). The food is above average pub fare. The atmosphere is very casual (clean but not impressive). It can be challenging finding this place hidden away in a gigantic shopping plaza. 

I say if you live in the area - it's definitely worth a visit. If you don't - save your gas money.
I'm not going to lie to you.  If you are a true beer lover, it's hard not to spring wood while gazing at the glass-door refrigerated cases FULL of hundreds of different types of bottled beer.  If draft beer is more your style, just turn around and check out the 30 or so beers on draft.  This might be the beer Mecca of the valley.

I cannot comment on the food, since I have never eaten here.  It's a very chill place full of people from all walks of life just enjoying themselves.  There are a couple of pool tables and a dart board for those of you that want to do more than just drink.  You might also try your hand at Scrabble and Trivial Pursuit too.  There are a few TVs as well, but only one that I would consider large screen.  This joint is extremely casual and a little tough to find in the shopping plaza (I drove by it three times my first time there), but once you are inside you will be glad you made the trip.
Only a few things in life really, really excite me to where I kick my legs up or clap my hands with glee. Having Rogue's Hazelnut Brown on tap is one of them. Here, at Papago Brewery, they call this beer "nectar." I call it "the beer that started it all." That is, I was always interested to check out this place, but I was never more sold until I heard they sold Rogue here. REALLY?! Yes, really. 

So, guess what I ordered? Uh-huh. My beer buddy had the Sunshine from New Belgium (also good). Our first server was a nice, curly-haired lad, although he seemed to be sleep-walking. Our second was a friendly tattooed man who reminded us of Dave Navarjo. Having heard I wanted to try one of Papago's own, he brought out four - count them! - four samples for me to try. I went with the Red Ale, for it was the best out of the bunch. Not that the others were lacking. They were all good, but the Red Ale surpassed them all. 

Did I mention there was also a young lady helping us? Yep, so in actuality, we had THREE people at Papago taking care of us. Where else is that gonna happen?

So, my friend and I chatted, enjoyed our beers and gazed lovingly at the refrigerated shelves of beer mecca. You see, here at Papago, you can get some to go. Or, if nothing on tap fancies you, you can select from the stock on shelf and have it right at your table. YOU HEARD ME! This is a wickedly cool idea. 

After my friend and I shared the Beer-B-Que pizza, which uses Hazelnut Brown to make the sauce, I selected some beer to go. The Rogue selection here is great. They even had Monk Madness, which you can't find at BevMo. I snatched that up. I should have gotten Rogue's Red Ale, too. Instead, I took up the $8.50 for 6 12oz bottles of American beer. That's mix-and-match, folks. That's another amazing thing about Papago Brewery. Our server (the DN look-alike) was helpful in suggesting ales for me to try. That was appreciated, for he already sort of had an idea of what I gravitated toward, based on my earlier orders. 

I ended up walking away with a variety 6-pack and large bottle of Monk Madness, which costs only $4.69. Talk about a steal! 

So, yes... Papago Brewery, you sure got my attention! Rogue Beer on tap and for sale. Not to mention they also had Rare Vos and Three Philosophers - two New York beers I haven't seen on sale anywhere else (unless you count The Lost Leaf). DON'T GET ME STARTED on the many others I've seen here that I haven't seen anywhere else... including a Japanese label I am curious to try.

So, while the decor may be lacking and there was no music playing the entire time we were there, I am giving Papago Brewery my seal of approval. 

Let's re-cap (or uncap, if you will) the awesomeness:
*Attentive, fast and knowledgeable service
*Hazelnut Brown on tap!!! 
*Beers by the bottle for sale - to drink in the bar or take home
*An enormous selection of beer available (like Rogue!)
*Good prices and tasty bar food

I will definitely be back!

PLEASE NOTE: The crowd can be a strange mix of people. And the place can get LOUD! I don't know if it's the acoustics of the venue or if the patrons there just like raising their voices. Either way, I prefer to go earlier in the day, as opposed to later. If you go, you'll see what I mean.
FOOD: I tried the T-Rex (meat lovers pizza), and it was scrumptious. The Thai Peanut Sauce Pizza was a little weird, yet still tasty in its own way, and I could only handle one slice before growing tired of peanut sauce.  The Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza was also pretty good. The highlight of the menu was the beer. The Elsie's Irish Cream, a milk stout, was one of the best stouts I've had (better than the Left Hand Stout). It had a strong coffee flavor but in a good way (I don't drink coffee). The Orange Blossom (mandarin orange hefeweizen) was the best Hefeweizen I've ever had, and I generally don't like Hefeweizens. The orange flavor definitely made that drink more than tolerable. I tried several other beers from Papago's own brewery, and the rest seemed  good. They have dozens of bottled beers in the fridges along the walls. But I never got a chance to try any of them. 

PRICE: Around $5 per beer on tap. Personal pizzas were $9 and large pizzas that could feed 2-3 people were $18. Appetizers were around $5. 

ATMOSPHERE: Pretty neat place. Funny statues, tvs, darts and all wooden furniture. Drawbacks are very small tables, uncomfortable chairs, odd layout, and almost too loud at times. 

SERVICE: The place seemed a little understaffed at times. We would be helped my a couple employees throughout the night as one would have to run behind the bar to make drinks or clean. All the servers were very nice and patient, but seemed to be a little overwhelmed and, thus, forgot to bring me a drink I ordered. 

SKINNY: Papago Brewing Company Inc has its pros and cons, but overall its a good place. I would definitely go there for the beer, while the pizza is good but nothing to rant about. Some may disagree with me, but I still prefer Tempe's own Four Peaks. I feel Four Peaks' food is better, better seating, and the beers are just as good as Papago's flavors. Don't let this comparison discourage you! Papago's is still a good place to drink and eat.
Can I give 2 different rankings for this place? 5 for the take out beer selection, and 3 for the actual pub. :) 

Yes, I said take out beer. It could be the coolest thing since drive thru liquor stores (yes they had these in the Midwest)  I suggest just heading right to the enormous cooler and selecting from a wide range of micro beers to take home with you. You can choose from Brown bomber bottles, (22oz) to a mix and match 6 pack. The 6 pack costs you 8.50, which is super cheap cheap (what is their a bird in here?)  They have the best selection in the area (even better than BevMo) and they have better prices than this macro-chain store. Besides you are supporting a local place, how cool is that? If you decide to stay you can just open your bottle and sit and drink as much as you like. The atmosphere is OK, it's a bit loud and a little bright inside, but you get an eclectic mix of people to watch. Overall I'd recommend just buying and fleeing, but if you decide to stay, you'll have darts and a large screen projection television to keep you busy. I'd say this is my new place of choice to buy my precious precious beer.....
The man and I stopped in here last night.  We were starving and beer and pub food sounded just right.

I didn't know what I wanted to drink, but I wanted to try something different.  Jeff, our server, helped me out by asking what I like (I typically drink amber ales and some lighter beers that aren't too hoppy) and he brought out a sample of Boont Amber.  It was really delicious, but I was in the mood for something a little lighter.  This time he came back with Wittekerke, a light Belgian Witbier.  It was very tasty and I went with that and my guy got the Orange Blossom Hefe which was excellent also.

The food seems to be centered around the pizzas.  Since we were starving and pizzas require 25 minutes (as stated on the menu) we opted for some sliders and a chicken quesadilla.  The sliders were just so-so for me.  They were hard to bite with the meat being so thick and it also wasn't easy to get a bite without having to eat the whole beef piece.  The quesadilla could have been the best I've had - especially with their homemade salsa on the side.  They had other apps and some sandwich selections, but it would have been nice to see a few burgers on there.  Maybe they don't have the equipment.  Who knows...

The only slight bummer was the service.  Service for beer was fantastic, but the service for food was only so-so.  It was a pretty low key Wednesday night with not many patrons and it took a while to get a food order in.

I love how you can shop from the fridge and even get half gallons of their own brews to go.  They carry the Ephemere Apple which I tried a while ago and enjoy also.  The 30 beers on draft can change daily, so there is always something new to try.  There are an enormous amount of brew options and I can't wait to go back and check 'em out.
If you know good beer you know that it is hard to find in the bud light / tecate mecca of the world. Phoenix is not a hot spot for craft beer. Papago is one of the few places you can go and not find a majority of shwill. I love the selection and it is always changing. The food I will give 3 stars but the beer and what they represent gets 5. I love the feel of this place and if you go solo you are bound to meet someone that if anything can offer a good conversation. Not to mention its nice to support the little guy!
The beer capital of the Phoenix Metro area!  It's tough for me to drive from Ahwatukee to Scottsdale these days, with gas prices and all, but Papago is worth the trip every time.

Atmosphere: Aesthetically, it's pretty standard.  The countless tap handle ornaments are fun to look at if you're a beer nut.  Otherwise, it's your standard "dive bar" style tables, bar tops, and bar.  Where it really shines is the knowledgeable staff and the salivation inducing beer refrigerators.  I can't help but grab 3 or 4 beers in a to-go box every time.  Plus, the patrons are usually friendly beer people, so you can strike up a good conversation.  You don't get too many stuck ups here.

Beer/Food:  This is the deal maker.  The tap list is killer and updated on their website every couple days. Plenty of my favorite Belgians and many more American and German craft brews.  The food is more than decent for bar food.  The pizza is excellent, but order early, as they take about half an hour.  I get the Margarita pizza every time.

Overall, an awesome place to get some rare beers on tap.  5 stars
Mandarin Heffeweissen and Thai pizza keep me coming back and also the fact that its just down the street from me. I recently went back because I heard they finally fired the two worst waitresses in the world. The food is inconsistent, but they have a fantastic revolving beer selection with many import beers on tap.

On a fun side note; My wife won a signed copy of a Ween (the greatest band of all time) live concert DVD by Gene and Dean Ween there on my birthday.
Do you like beer?  Then this is your place!  A great selection of beers from around world grace their menu.  I had two terrific belgian beers and my girlfriend had a mandarin hefeweisen. 

Do you like pizza?  Then this is your place!  It's yummy yummy.

Possibly the biggest drawback to Papago is that it is loud here--listening to your dining companions can be quite a challenge.  But you'll probably be drinking so much brew it won't matter much.
So what if the bartender forgot our food order? - it was still a cold tasty pint and a great "locals" vibe.  Great selections on tap and a cooler full of enough bottles that made even this seasoned drinker feel like he's only tapped the surface.
Love it!  

Papago's got a top-notch beer selection.  Best of all, they're really great about letting you taste a beer that you've never tried.  Because they don't carry the standards, it's a great way to educate people about new and unique beers.  

The food is pretty darn good.  They offer a decent variety of items so you can get something other than fish 'n chips (ie: generic pub food).  

The staff is great.  This place is like Cheers for enablers.  

Whenever I'm in town, I stay at the Best Western Papago which is located conveniently across the parking lot.  So convenient.

This is a great example of Arizona's developing craft-beer culture, and while I haven't spent a ton of time in Arizona, I get the feeling that these guys have been around for a while...so, way to go.
Woo Loo Loo!

It's official. I'm now a part of the Monk's Club. I'm stoked! Wait, who says that? I'm totally showing my age, huh?

I love beer!
As a self proclaimed beer aficionado, this place has pretty good selection of bottle beers, ranging from microbrews from the states and more harder to get European beers. 
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place. As far as the bar offerings, the menu is simple, but pretty solid for bar food. Pizzas are good, sandwiches are good. 

Make your own 6-pack for $8.99 is a pretty good deal if you pick standard 12oz bottles of "non-speciality" beers. 
But my expensive tastes cost me $22 for a 6 pack...
Anytime anyone tells me they like "good beer" I bring them here. That is, if they haven't already been. 

There is an impressive assortment beer and fermented drinks here. The make your own 6 pack bit is awesome. The rotating tap is a winner as well. Their food is above average quality bar food. I can vouch for the sliders and potato salad as its what I always get but their personal pizzas and sandwiches always look and smell appetizing. 

I appreciate the vibe at this place. The staff is friendly and attentive. No Scottsdale snootiness or Tempe douchyness (usually) and they have plenty of seating and a good assortment of board games and the like the play. 

Really their motto says it all: "No crap on tap!"
I recently took a cross country road trip and plotted out a few brewpubs to visit on beermapping.com.  I must say, I was EXTREMELY glad I stopped here.

This is what I think of when I think of a good brewpub.  Heck, even if this place didn't serve there own beer I'd come here often.  They had a knowledgeable staff who were around quite often to get our orders.  I never had an empty glass, which makes this beer fan very happy.

I didn't get to try too much of their food, but looking at other people's orders I could tell it was pretty good bar fare with a few twists.  I had the pizza bites which my friend and I fell in love with.  They were crispy, flavorful, and absolutely awesome.  

Their beer is what I came for and it didn't disappoint in the slightest.  The best one I tried was their cask coffee stout.  It was VERY creamy and the coffee flavor was noticeable, but not overpowering.  I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have a sampler for their beers, but I did my duty and had a full glass of each of their own.  Very good stuff.

They are a bottle shop as well, which means you can buy individual bottles of a huge selection of beer.  And as previously stated, the staff was very knowledgeable.  I asked about Flemish Sour ales and it turned out they not only knew what they were, but had two I could purchase and take home with me.  Excellent!

The seating was pretty awesome as well, there were tables all over and a great use of space.  There was this odd bar like thing that ran through the center of the building and in one corner they had a huge pile of board games stacked.  I like the way these people think!  There's nothing like kicking back with some friends and a brew while playing games.

The feel of the place was that of a local hangout, which personally I feel the most comfortable around.  Honestly, I'm a little jealous that I don't live in Phoenix so that I could come here more often.  I will be making a point to stop here everytime I drive through though.  I HIGHLY recommend this brewpub.
Wine snobs need not enter.  This place is not for you.  I've been coming here for awhile, and Papago is the BEST place in the valley to get the best beers.

They do their own beer & keep it on tap, which is great.  Plus, they'll spend as much time as you want talking to & educating you on their various styles on tap.  The folks at Papago also showcase other great brews on tap.

Papago also has roughly 400 different bottled beers in coolers.  If you ever wanted to really explore different beers from the country and Europe, you can really go at your own pace here.  I don't think I've found a better selection of beers.  As a bonus, you can get 6-packs to go!

The best part of the place is the atmosphere.  It is definitely a beer bar - not overly crowded, relaxed, games lying around, random stuff at the front of the bar.  You can just sit, savor and relax here.  A long time ago, they didn't have a kitchen & let you order in Pizza & stuff, but their kitchen does make some tasty food now.

Papago is one of the best gems in the valley, and they serve some great beer!  It is worth the trip.
Quirky and fun, with some of the best beer selection in Phoenix.

So if I liked it so much, why only 3 stars? Because of the food. Seriously. That's the only problem with the place. Sure, it's busy as hell and they don't take reservations -- another slight knock -- but I don't really think that's what you come here for.

No, you come here for the beer. And they probably have it. If not on tap, then from a huge selection of bottles. It's a place for beer lovers. Pure and simple.
Holly T got it right in 2006.  The WA & CA crew minus HT were recently there for Happy Hour and wholeheartedly agree for $3.71 and the appropriate glass!!!
Best beer selection in Arizona but the good features end there.  It's the only reason I return and put up with the following.  Service is often horrible, even during the day when there are few patrons.  Often you have to go up to the bar to order even when there is a server in your section.  It makes no sense that a mug of beer should be empty for more than 10 minutes before it is noticed.

Food is subpar and wouldn't get such a pass from most people if this place didn't have the beer.  Prices are reasonable.  Website is often inaccurate re: what is actually on tap.
Worth a visit for the take home beer selection. I found the (bottled) beers super exciting- They had Aventius Eisbock in bottles and ready for take home enjoyment. Also, Bear Republic and Eel River. 
The food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer. Our service was good, even on a Friday night. The house brewed beer was not my favorite, but with all the other selections available, drinking something different did not prove a problem.
Quite simply THE place in the metro Phoenix area for beer lovers.  The Pizza and sandwiches are great and the food in general is definitely high quality and well thought out, but it is the 30 constantly rotating beers on tap that bring the craft beer nerds from miles around.  

Seems more crowded on Friday and Saturday nights but otherwise not too busy.  Unfortunately they do not open until like 2pm so don't drive all the way over there for a quick lunch.
Who knew that Papago Brewing was hiding in the Papago Plaza just a couple of miles from where i live?  Not me!  

I met my new friend Brian M at Papago Brewing Company for a beer yesterday (Friday) around 5pm.  He was sitting at the bar waiting for me when I walked in... and just as I sat down next to him, Jess (the friendly bartender) came over to see what I was drinking.  I told her what I liked, and she brought me a cool tall glass of Orange Blossom, a light American Wheat Ale flavored with Mandarin Orange and Vanilla.  They compare it to a liquid old fashioned creamsicle.  It hit the spot and believe it or not, it gave me a nice buzz too!  Yes, I am a light weight!

Jess also brought over a sample of a black cherry beer that I cannot for the life of me remember the name of.  It was sweet and delicious.

I'm not a huge beer drinker, but after seeing Beer Wars and now seeing the variety of craft beers that Papago has to offer, I may become one soon.  Well - maybe I should wait until after the wedding - a beer bellied bride probably wouldn't be so cute?!

The beer selection for take out is awesome too - next time I need to bring beer somewhere, I'll head to Papago for sure!  If you're looking for a comfortable place to go have a beer, head to Papago... tell Jess I say hello!
If you're a beer lover, you'll love Papago Brewing company!

With approximately 30 beers on tap and hundreds more in their fridge wall, Papago has a beer for everyone. The tap beer selection is also rotated weekly, with new, special and seasonal brews making their appearance all the time.

The inside decor is also very cool, lots of wooden, log cabin-esque seating and decorations, with hundreds of different tap handles stored in the overhead wooden beams.

If you want to play a game of darts, they've also got you covered with 2 dartboards near the entrance.

Downsides to the place include that there is no "free" music playing nonstop. To get some good tunes, you'll have to pay up to the Juke box monster, which can be pricey (I paid $1 for one song last time). You'll also want to get some music going because the place can get very loud with people talking when the place is crowded.

The food is decent, we enjoy the beer bites and the pizzas. Downside is that food isn't served all night, so get your order in before the kitchen closes.

Overall, if you enjoy a wide selection of good beers and a casual place to hang out, definitely check out Papago brewing company with some friends.
The very best thing about Papago Brewing Company is...their muffuletta sandwich which is worth the stop all by itself. 
You thought I was going to say the thousands of different beers (estimate only...they have 500 taps lining the walls and plate rails, and a cooler the size of semi trailer filled with different kinds of beer...including some that I can only guess at...cherry red beer...really?...people seemed to like it:)
The muffuletta sandwich originated at the beginning of the 20th century at Central Grocery, in Nawlin's and has been described as "one of the great sandwiches of the world"...I would be the very last person to disagree with that:)
I have been known to get off the plane in the Big Easy and go directly to Central Grocery to get one of these bad boys.
The Beautiful Carin and I headed to PBC the other day for lunch...I did think about having a beer, but the selection is almost overwhelming! 
If I had been in the mood, they are nice enough to let you sample a few different varieties, so you can kind of figure out what you might enjoy. 
But, I was not in a "beer" mood and the single malt scotch selection at PBC leaves something to be desired.
But, boy that muffuletta sandwich...good stuff! 
The key to a good muffuletta is the olive salad, and they make (or buy...I have no idea, I just know that it's good) a nice olive salad here:)
In addition to the olives, carrots, celery, etc., they have added a little extra zip to the salad with, apparently, pepperoncini's! Genius!!
The whole thing is assembled on a round Italian roll (interestingly enough, called a muffuletta:) and toasted so the provolone melts a little...delightful!
We liked the atmosphere at PBC...lots of wood beams and paneling...it looks like the basement rec room/bar of a friend of my dad's...circa 1962:)
The service was pretty decent...reasonably prompt and certainly friendly and pleasant, and Carin liked her club sandwich, too!
I think we'll go back and give the beers a try one of these first days (maybe even the cherry red foamy thing:)...but man, it'll have to come with a muffuletta sandwich!
Easily one of the best beer bars I've ever been to.  Excellent selection on tap and in bottles, and a knowledgeable staff.
Even though the food was just all right and my friend got cut off/kicked out - I can't give it any fewer than 5 stars.  I just wish I lived closer, you know?
First thing's first. The beer selection is great, both the bottles and the tap collection. The bar gets 4 stars for the beer selection alone. 

Food: not so good. Belgian pizza is actually good, other than the pizzas the food is BOGUS. The best food here is in liquid form (the beer). Eat before or after, but I would not try much other than the pizza. I swear the wings were out of a microwave....

If the food was as good as say, 4 Peaks, this would be a 5 star review. The beer alone is enough for this place to get 4 stars though....
Easily, the best beer bar you can find in Arizona. All they serve is beer I believe, no wine or liquor. But they have a great beer selection whether you're looking for fresh draft beer or something in a bottle (7- or 8-door cooler) to drink in-house or take home.

The taps constantly rotate and new beers are put on every time a keg runs out. They brew many beers themselves as well. I've tried many of them and they're all fantastic. You can find some pretty special/rare beers on tap here occasionally as well.

The food is great. "Beer bites" go well with any beer. The pizza is good as well as the wings.

The service can lag, even during the daytime. Those are usually the times I go since it's happy hour and less crowded. I know that Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights can get pretty packed. The atmosphere is much better than it used to be before the non-smoking ordinance was passed. There are a few dartboards and TV's all over the place as well as a large projection screen. The staff is willing to change to any channel you prefer.

Overall, very fair prices, great beer selection, and some good eats. You definitely have to check this place out. It's a little hard to find, hidden in the Papago Plaza strip mall at Scottsdale Rd & McDowell, but it's located in the middle of all the stores with small, blue, cursive print.
as i write this, my head is still a little fuzzy from my visit last night. that was my fourth (among hundreds to come) visit to this smallish relaxing bar, and i have never had the same beer twice! (except for the orange blossom) they have 30 or so beers on tap all the time and the lineup changes every night. on top of that, they have about 12 wall coolers full of more beer than a bevmo. if you enjoy yourself a beer that you can't find at  7-11, than this is your place. the staff has always been very fast and laid back, and the decor is mellow and unassuming. the only aspect of this amazing bar that isn't so amazing is the food is only so-so. the beer bits are a little bland, and the pizza, while very tasty, didn't really leave an impression on me. but, i never head to the bar when im hungry, just when im thirsty. so next time your headed towards old town or mill, stick your head into this place and you wont be disappointed.
It's a bar. There's food (appetizers). There's one of the best selections of craft brews both to have there *and* take home in the valley. Hands down. You cannot live here without visiting Papago.

They get me every time. It all starts with a stop in for a beer with a few people after work or on the weekend and turns into taking a hand picked variety 6-pack home with me. 

The variety they have on tap in addition to the crazy big variety they have in bottles is enough to make any craft brew lover go into instant shock. The staff is usually very friendly also and attentive to empty glasses. 

I believe they have a small stack of board games, though I have never played any as of yet and a fantastic juke box. The atmosphere is extremely casual/laid back and you will do nothing but relax and be in craft brew nirvana when you go.
Things to note - Roughly 30 draft and 150 bottled beers are never a bad thing; when you brew your own beer and are still ballsy enough to sell other beers, it's usually not a bad thing; when your servers are personable, helpful, and non-presumptuous, beer tastes sweeter; and finally, when you can either drink the bar's beer on premises or take it home with you, I'm completely sold.

Good prices paired with an outstanding selection make for a "don't miss" combo.  I was happy with the Oude Zuipers tripel-style ale while my fiancee enjoyed a unique IPL (India pale lager) from another local brewery.   We haven't eaten here but I'm sure that will come in time as beer undoubtedly generates hunger.
Rode the ol' Harley here as part of some east side bar hopping on Wednesday..  This was stop number...  Umm..  I forget.. 

Anyways..  Tried some new beer.  Always fun to experiment, and no better place to do it.

Played a ton of songs on the jukebox, and bribed the staff to stay open long enough to hear all of them (not past 2:00 or anything..  Don't want to get anyone in trouble..)

Had a blast.  Will be back..  In like 2 hours..  :)
Over 100 different types of beer from all over the world to choose from, including some brewed by Papago (try their Orange Blossom!); great, friendly staff and patrons; excellent food (It's no Roy's, but the food is pretty damn good for a brewery); comfortable ambiance; amazing prices.  What more can you ask for?  

If you come to Scottsdale, this place is worth a visit, especially if you're a beer aficionado!
This place is on our list of must stops during our annual Spring Training Trip. I wish I could have two different ratings, one for beer and the other for good. My rating is strictly on the beer. Beer is definitely a 5, food is about 3.5. We usually get a couple pizzas, and they are decent. If you are not into really good beer, then don't bother with this place. This is for beer snobs only. They have an off the chart beer selection.
Gooooood selection of beers. I was a designated driver so I just had the Orange Blossom and it was tasty, very soft and sweet. My friends tried different ones and were happy with the price and variety. The place is a bit hidden, but inside is you'll find a warm environment. We had there our biggest east valley CouchSurfing meeting and it was the perfect place.
Love this place for their Orange Blossom beer.  It's definitely the best beer I've ever had.  I'm a girl, I love the fruity beers.  The vanilla bean finish is absolute perfection!  The only reason they don't get five stars is because of the bitch servers.  Sorry I don't have a cock, but that doesn't mean that I don't want attentive service.  The food is alright, but I come here mainly for the beer!
Unfortunately for me, this place is a bit far for me to frequent, but their beer selection is just...wow.  The ONLY place I've been able to find Rochefort 10 (and for $8, not terribly bad).  It's like the adult's equivalent of a candy store- "Who can?  Papago can because they mix it up with love and make the world taste good..."
I really enjoyed myself at this place. I went with a large group of people and our service was spot on. The server kept on coming back, made great suggestions, let us try some different samples, and made sure we were taken care of. I wish I remembered his name... Anyway, they have a great selection and the place is a pretty good size so you don't feel cramped. I'll go back!
my friends and i stopped by here on our way to the rogue to drink a good brew before we loaded up on cheap pbr.

we arrived late on a friday night, and the place was semi-full. man was this place a freaking sausage fest. the only chicks in there were either on a date with a dude or the regular bar rats. of course, strange looks galore directed at us being completely different from everyone else in there. i just came for the beer, not for the atmosphere. it's like a sports bar and it's just set up weird, sort of like a restaurant, but no one was eating. everyone was in their own little group. 

our server mike was excellent and what really made the experience. we were informed that their cider tap just went out, which sucked because we wanted a cider/stout combo (like a black and tan). he whipped up something similar and brought samples in little beer "shot glasses". his cider substitution was great, and our beers were delicious and smooth. $5 each for our custom beer pints. not bad. 

overall, great beer list, and service, but just not my scene.
You simply will not find a better beer list in Arizona.  These guys know and respect their beer better than nearly anywhere I've been.  But on nearly every visit (none in recent months, mind you), the service has been somewhat on the icy side.

The good news: unlike most of Scottsdale, you won't have to pay too much extra for the snobbery.  This place is definitely casual and low-key.

Another brilliant highlight: they preserved the old Bandersnatch recipes and often feature them (I think there's an even more formal connection, but not sure).  For old timers, you will definitely be pleased with this.

Get the service to the point of being in the service industry, and I'll bump it up two stars.  Until then, I'll check in rarely for the great beer and see how the attitude is shaping up.  Remember, we're not all as well-versed in beer snobbery as you.
This place is the center of the craft beer universe in Arizona.  It is a brew pub and bottle shop.  I've been twice for dinner which was fine but the beer is the reason to go.  The beer selection is amazing, with dozens of beers on draft.  They have a wall of bottles (hundreds?) under refrigeration and you can build your own sixer to go of any American beers for $8.50 which is a steal.  The brewer Ron is often there as is "Dogfish" Lou Calagione.
I recently checked out this tavern by recomendation of various online sources. I was most impressed from the molment that I had arrived at this upscale strip mall store front, with it's vault like store entrance, and oversized wibdow filled with several dozens of fine world ale bottles adorning therein. Once you enter it is a darkened room, which was welcome relief from the tripple digit day outside..plenty of room inside, with wooden tables and benches about. Over 100 world beers to select from, above average food, and even board games to play with...I enjoyed this oasis i nthe desert...itis afar cry from the many fine taverns we have here in Philadelphia, aka Monks, but it's one of the best taverns I've experienced i nthe Phoenix metro area-worth a  looksee.
You really can't top their beer selection, well over a 100+ bottled beer selections and a good amount on tap. Also- for bar, they have some great food. I had the Beer-B Que Chicken personal pizza with red onions which was soo tastey and went nicely with my dirty pear beer.

The only disappointing thing, was I asked the bartender for a dirty pear pint and he came back with just the pear cider, So I had to school him on how to make a dirty pear beer.

Other than that- no complaints!
Who knew this place was here! I live not a stones throw away.. A gem in the hiding! 
My boy intro'd me to the Orange Blossom.. tall, hint of orange and essence of vanilla in a wheat ale.. Like dessert in a glass.. My tall glass got me a bit buzzedy by 3/4 down.. but thats just the way it goes for me! Nonetheless, Mark wanted me to try a Belgium Framboise beer.. I couldnt believe it was beer.. its a beauty of purpleish color and fizzy and refreshing... 
Papago has the most vast display of rare and common brews Ive seen in the Southwest... impressive.. 
A casual fun place.. where your palate may learn a new brew or two..
OK, yes, the beer list is incredible. It's an amazing way to try new stuff and find new favorites to add to your drunky ass repertoire. The much-discussed Orange Blossom beer is pretty good, but not so good I would make a trip out of the way to get it.

The food is standard bar food. Well, despite the fabu beer list, this is just a bar when it comes down to it. Vegetarians, take warning - eat elsewhere, unless a overstuffed, not-entirely-melted cheese quesadilla is your idea of a kick ass meal. To be fair, my SO loved his brat and gobbled that sausage down like a pro. (I've always wanted to say that.) Our server was helpful and attentive. The ambiance is somewhat non-existent and, as someone else mentioned, the seating layout is fragmented. 

My biggest beef is with the other customers! I've been to many a shithole bar and never have my eardrums been so bruised and battered, my throat raw from having to scream conversation over the relentless mating calls of the idiot Woo Girls at the dart boards. I mean, people were staring. The manager had to ask them to STFU multiple times. And this was before 9 p.m.  And they were not 18 with fake IDs; these ladies may have been older than me (gasp! shudder!).

If I wanted to listen to piercing screams while consuming a shitty quesadilla, I would have gone to a Filiberto's in Maryvale. Ugh. My SO will have to get his Papago fix on his own.
I recently had another birthday and happily started my evening at Papago.  The best thing about this place is that you can trust they will always have something new and really really fantastic on tap to try out.  You would think that would be a given, with 30 taps available.  But I just get this good feeling that they put a lot of heart, and hours of tasting (rough) into surprising and pleasing their patrons with the choices.
I've enjoyed every visit I've made to Papago, but those guys made it very special for my special day.
I haven't had the opportunity to try the food yet. Next time, I promise!
this place is FABULOUS!  Literally when I walked in, my eyes smiles.  My roomie goes here all the time, and she had mentioned it to me a few times, but I finally just made it last week.  They have coolers full of many different kinds of beer.. one of which is my favorite, triple karmeleit!!  So excited.  They have a good selection on tap as well.  The food is great!  The seating is picnic tables and bar stools/tables.  A few of us drank there for a few hours or so and our tab was only 100 dollars!  Sweetness.  Did I mention they have a Jukebox?  Don't sit on the far end of the bar if you want to hear it though.
After giving this place such high marks a few weeks ago.. I left there last night feeling a sucker punch of disappointment.. NOT for the Orange Blossom Wheat Ale that Ive grown to love.. but for the fact that half way into it I notice a fly still alive on the top of the brew.. I wasnt going to say anything to the waitress who wasnt overly friendly to begin with.. But Mark said theres no way.. that she needed to be aware.. Okay.. he tells her.. she has some excuse.. but then we notice theres one at the bottom of the glass too.. Gross.. Im really grossed out at this point.. She basically said I needed to drink it faster.. Im sorry.. college days are gone by.. I dont treat my ales like a beer bong! I sip not guzzle.. and furthermore.. I ordered it only 15 minutes before.. My Mark is the most manneristic person in the world.. she said very sarcastically, "you know what, Ill take it off your bill..' takes the beer.. walks off.. rolls her eyes.. slams the glass down at the bar.. and proceeds to tell the other bar girl who then looks at us.. as we are in complete awe.. WOW! You know what.. polite as we are.. we still left the rude girl a 20% tip on the full amount.. bad day much?? You just gave this great place a 2 for me.. :-(
I'm going to go out on a limb, and say that this is the BEST spot in Phoenix to grab a beer.  As a beer lover, there is no other establishment that I have found that has the selection and knowledge of Papago Brewing Co.

So the food sucks, there is no patio, and the restaurant is sub par.  The beer is great.  They aren't trying to be anything besides the spot to grab whatever beer you possibly desire.  Cruise the Circle-K style cases for a fresh bottle, or order up one of their ever changing drafts.  The biggest advice I can give for the Papago Brew Co is to talk to their staff.  Tell them what you like, what you don't like and have them make a selection.  There are very few people that I have met that are more in tuned with beer.

Enjoy this establishment, but don't expect anything more than what it is.  If you go in expecting to drink a few beers, you will enjoy, but if you go in expecting anything more than that, forget it and go somewhere else.
Be advised, this review is based ENTIRELY on the beer selection that Papago has.  The food and service are merely OK and leaning to the "Meh" side.  But the availability of truly great beer is a thing of wonder.  And, the best part?  You can serve yourself to bottled beer in their refrigerator cases.  It's almost like getting up and going to your own fridge.  Except my fridge doesn't usually have Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA or Rogue Chipotle Ale.

Papago also makes their own beer, but that require actually going to the bar and waiting for someone to wait on you.  And, really, who has time for that?
Here is all you need to know. There is a giant fridge full of beer that you can go up to and grab what you want, and the choices are ridiculous. ENJOY!  They brew their own beer, which is always a bonus.
For beer lovers Papago is probably the best place in the greater Phoenix area.  They take their motto of "No Crap on Tap" to heart.  With about 30 taps they are constantly rotating beers to provide you with a phenomenal selection.  Unlike a place like the Yard House they always rotate different beers.  They constantly have events to promote local beers and other craft breweries nationwide.  They also have a monks club where you can pay a yearly membership for discounted beers in larger mugs.  The atmostphere is cozy with a saloon type feel and the regulars pour in nightly.  It's just a great place to drink a good beer.

The only thing that could make it better is the food.  While they have decent wings and a couple good pizzas the menu leaves something to be desired
This is the place to go in the east valley to enjoy your favorite eclectic beer.  There are many drafts as well as plenty more bottled beers to choose from all over the world.  Otherwise, in my opinon, the only other thing to say about this place is if you're into dive type bars this should also be on your list.  Not a must do or see, but if you're in the area it's worth it to pop your head in to check out Papago Brewing.
Best beer selection I've come across in a long time.
So we went here for Game Night UYE and I was a little concerned that it was going to be a) too loud or b) too crowded.  We found a giant wooden table/bench thing and set up shop there.  The waiters/waitresses were all cool and very helpful.  Not too pushy and they were always very quick with the beer delivery.  Gotta say, they were awesome.

The beer selection is amazing.  Not in love with the mandarin orange thing but they had enough stouts to keep me happy throughout the night.  This place is really cool and reminds me of a lot of the places back in Olympia.

The only knock is the food.  It wasn't great.  It was better than your average bar food but, I think in this day and age of gastro-pubs and high end wine bars, you have to have quality food.  The "Beer Bites" were tasty but lacking in seasoning.  The chips and dip were pretty good but the chips were a bit stale.  I will go back, without a doubt.  Great place and we had a great time to match.
Well, I was not terribly impressed with this place, but I did think it was pretty cool.  It also turned out to be a decent venue for our Game Night UYE.  My first impressions were that this was a standard dive type place but that the music was way WAY too loud!  I had to yell just to hear myself think.  Their beer selection is admittedly impressive, but that's not my thing.  I did spend the better part of 5 minutes just looking at all the fun labels in the refrigerators.  Anyway, the servers were all friendly and chatty and they did their jobs well.  The menu is not terribly interesting, but it gets the job done.  I had some of the beer bites, which were basically just warmed up pieces of cooked pizza dough with some seasoning.  They were pretty good, but needed some more flavor, but the awesome marinara sauce made up for it.  This was a cool place, but I probably won't be back because of the location, and it's just not really my type of hangout.
I came here with my bro and his gf (when we visiting relatives in AZ) after they had tasted some of their brews at a beer fest in San Diego and I was not disappointed.  Some of their own brews: the orange blossom and coco joe are some of the most delicious and unique beers I have ever tasted.  I recommend bringing growlers home.  On top of that, some of their taps included Chimay, Delirium, several seasonal Belgium imports and other micro brews that are skipping my mind right now.  If you HAVE to be in Phoenix or Scottsdale, make the trip worthwhile and stop here.
Yum! Try this place out for the mass of beers they have on tap and the line of refrigerated beers. Great place, with some great bar food too!
Let's start with 30 great beers on tap. The list constantly changes to keep things fresh and let us not forget another 200 beers in bottles and can! Holy mama! This is the best beer selection in Scottsdale hands down! The atmosphere is comfortable and a little dive baresque but in a good way.. Knowledgeable staff, good pub food round out this unique little diamond In the rough.
4.5...when it's not too crowded.

OK, don't take you mom here, unless she loves beer!  In which case, you have a really cool mom.

For better or worse (some mornings)...I live very close to this great local beer dive, so I have seen it in many different states (both the bar and me).  And trust me, I say dive in the most flattering way.  Not dive in the way that angry looking people are having cocktails in the dark at 2 pm (not that there is anything wrong with that), but dive in the way of, wow, amazing beer selection, comfortable surroundings, a beat up dart board, and it's OK if I spill some beer on the floor.

The rotating tap selection is excellent and the bottle selection is even better (to drink in or to go).  You can often find things on tap here that you will not see at any other place in the tri-city area (that's PHX, Scottsdale, and Tempe...I'm still working on a name) .  The food...well, there, that's all that need be said about that topic.

Another great thing is that the crowd is a great slice of the PST area...sure, nearly 80% are beer geeks in their own way, but you can see that beer really reaches beyond the guy with the mustache and beer gut.  This place is all about the beer and there is no pretense about it.

The staff can get busy, but they are as friendly as possible.  You can feel comfortable here in a corner with a book, at the small bar watching a game, or at a table of 10 playing Operation...you can even come in here at 2 pm and drink a beer in the dark.
I like it for the selection of beers, however, I hate the bar itself. I would rather go to Total Wine and bring my beers back. 

4 stars for the selection
2 for the shitty bar atmosphere

3 average.
Great beer selection.  But if you are looking for more consistency, it is probably not the spot (they have a rotating tap selection).  The food was actually quite wonderful. I didn't expect much for bar food, but was pleasantly surprised.  I went with a large group and we had a great time drinking and answering trivia questions from one of their board games (there is a whole table full of games for customers to enjoy, yay!). 

I'd say the biggest downfall for this place is the atmosphere and service... there was pretty full crowd when I went in-and only 1 server for the whole place.  Ridiculous.  He was real nice and apologetic so we took it all in stride.  But there were _long_ stretches where we didn't see him or get helped.  He did his best to keep up, but it was a noticeable problem. Sure I'd go back, but never again when hungry.  As for the atmosphere--the bar is a few steps up from a dive.  Okay to hang out for locals, but not the place to impress.  Friendly staff, good food and beer are enough to make you overlook this.
My favorite brewery in town, nothing beats it's Orange Blossom Hefe. Definitely a dive but that's the charm. I'm not a huge fan of the big screen for sports viewing and the music can get pretty loud (as well as the crowd) so I'm usually screaming into my companions ear but the beer & food make up for it. The staff is very friendly however they are either extremely attentive-like all the waiters seem to come up one right after the other and ask if we need refills-or you have to walk up to the bar to get any attention. Food-wise they have excellent pizza and sandwiches. I usually order the caprese sandwich or the muffaletta. It can get pretty busy on a weekend night but I will take that over Four Peaks any day! You will be amazed at the selection of beers on tap as well as the large fridge at the back of the bar that is packed with individual bottles and six packs of beer from around the country and the world. I'm getting thirsty as we speak!
Papago Brewing Company not only makes decent craft beer, they have the best tap selection in the Phoenix metro area, BAR NONE!

Upon entering this establishment, inconveniently located in the Papago strip mall, you are greeted by a fat, cheery monk statue and a bustling atmosphere.  This place was happening, even on a Tuesday afternoon around 2pm, and we struck up conversation with locals and traveling beer enthusiasts alike.  

As per previous reviews, Papago has an amazing selection of draught beer that rotates constantly, and I believe there were at least 10 new taps (of 25 or so) within our week between visits.  They offer a variety of domestic, craft beer, as well as a few Belgians and lagers from Europe, as well as a couple of their own brews (made off site). The beer that Papago brews was fair, with the Orange Blossom being, actually, really good. They are easily forgiven with all the other beer they have to offer and I was especially thrilled with the Left Hand Milk Stout on nitro...word.  

In addition, they have a great bottle selection to enjoy on premise, or you can customize a sixer for around 8 bucks to take home.  

I only have two complaints, one being that this excellent tap room is located in a strip mall in Phoenix...blah.  Talk about a crappy, traffic-ridden atmosphere for a wonderful tasting room.  I wish I could pick this establishment up and transplant it north of Cave Creek, or somewhere in the hills, and add a nice sun deck for enjoying the beer outside.  

The second complaint is that the beer seems to be ordered in at random with no consideration for complimenting selections.  They definitely have a variety, however it seems like there were a lot of stouts in the spring, with very few lighter craft beer.

However, be reminded, that Papago Brewing is the best tap room in all of the Phoenix metro area, and if you are searching for a place to enjoy, discuss and sample craft beer from all around the world, look no further than Papago, you shan't be disappointed.
Last night I decided it was time to venture out a bit and headed into Scottsdale for a few beers. It was not the first time I've been to Papago; it won't be the last either. I'll be going back there many a time, that's for certain. I'm a creature of habit, and Papago could be a newly formed addiction.  I'm going to start this off by getting 2 negatives off my chest: no patio and closes really early during the week. Thats all. I'm not going to overly complain, because if you really want to go out side, just leave the front door and hang out on the sidewalk. Sure you can't bring your beer, but its a small sacrifice. And the hours: they close at 11:30 during the week. If they were open later, I would be seen there more often than I am, considering it's less than 10 min up the road from my apartment. 

BUT, now on to the good stuff: BEER! There is the beer. Jimminy Cricket, there is the beer. Tons and tons of beer. They have hundreds of bottles in a walk up freezer where you grab a beer, bring it to a bartender who will open it and charge you, and then you can go back to your table. (Note about tables: I'm short, clocking in at a whopping 5'2". At all but a select few of the plenteous seating options, my feet swing freely, not touching the ground) They don't have "Everything everything" but they do have hundreds of microbrews from around the country, and world, ranging from bottles of Foxbarrel Cider to a 43.99$ bottle of Prestige. Yes, they sell a 43$ bottle of beer. Serious beer for serious beer drinkers. I unfortunately did not splurge on this extravagant expense and decided that I would go with something on tap. 

First rule of Papago: You do not ask the bartender to run through what they have on tap. You'll be there for hours. On a good night, they run 20+ beers on tap. Yes. 20. Beers. On. Tap. It's an adventure just looking at the tap handles. In order to stream line the ordering process, and saving themselves the problem of having to memorize exactly whats on tap, they have a beer folder, with a list of the beers on tap, listing Brewery Name, Location, Beer Name, Beer style. If you can't make a decision for yourself, certainly ask the bartenders, who are all really friendly and well versed in all the beers. Last night I went with Stone Ruination IPA and a Breckenridge 471. Yeah, Ruination and 471 on tap at the same time in the same place. You cannot beat that. 471 was served to me in a snifter glass because of its awesomely high Alc/vol (a staggering 9.2%). You will find a beer here that you like. I promise. Also, it is worth mentioning that Papago brews their own beer. Right now they have a seasonal, Orange Blossom, which is basically a creamsicle in a glass. Not my personal cup of tea (which i'm sure you can tell), but from what I hear it's amazing. Give it a go if you like sweeter/fruitier beers.

This is normally where I would talk about something other then the seating or the beer, like, maybe the food because they have a full kitchen, but I've never ate there. Based on the level of service, I'm sure the food is fine, falling in the acceptable range of Bar Food. The menu looked appetizing, with hand tossed and stretched pizza's, sandwiches, salads, nacho's, etc. I'll update this with a food review sometime in the near future.
This is a friendly bar that's in a very hidden random spot in Scottsdale, but then again Four Peaks is in a hidden random spot in Tempe... Anywho, my dislikes is that its pretty freakin small and that there's no patio, that's about it! Now on to my likes...I LOVE the variety and selection this place has to offer. They have amazing microbrewery selections from all over the country, even foreign countries as well as their own brews. I was shocked to see they had Lagunitas which is a Nor Cal microbrewery company and got quite excited! They have Dogfish and freakin Rogue! WOW! Now i'm quite into girlier beers so I will say that if you're looking for a light and sweet beer, the Orange Blossom is amazing, steer clear from this beer if you're into hoppy bitter beers. The food is okay, they serve thin crust pizza's and I think sandwiches (I got the pizza there). The pizza was good, but totally gave me the bottom bubbles later, hahahhahaa, i know TMI, so be careful! Overall, I would definitely go back, too bad it's quite a drive from me, open in Ahwatukee please!
Best place for beer in the Phoenix area, hands down!  Great craft beers on tap and amazing selection of bottles for breweries around the US.  Make your own 6 pack and bring it home if you want.

The buffalo chicken pizza is also really good.
Mmmmm, the orange blossom beer is worth the trip every time. I dream of this beer. It's like if Blue Moon beer and an orange creamscicle had a baby. 
The food is also yummy too. Not your typical bar food which I like. My only complaint is that I wish they would serve a cheese dip with the big, soft pretzel instead of mustard. 
This place gets pretty packed and is loud, so don't expect to carry much of a conversation with anyone. 
I think this place is a good hang out spot that has a wonderful and large beer selection and great food. I just wish I would have frequented this place more often when I lived in the neighborhood.
After hearing a ton about this place, a friend and I finally checked it out yesterday for happy hour. It is definitely hidden in the shopping plaza at McDowell and Scottsdale but worth searching for. It is a pretty small place, but has a really good atmosphere. The food was really good, my friend and a split a salad and a sandwich and it was just the right amount. The beer was amazing! Papago Brewing Co's Orange Blossom beer is SO GOOD. Tastes like a mixture of oranges and vanilla. It is definitely my new favorite beer. Great place for a happy hour and to meet up with friends. I will definitely be going back!
This place is awesome.  Can't say enough good things about it.  The beer selection is like nothing else you will find in the area.  The staff is terrific, especially Jess, and the food is tasty!
Amazing beer selection... the mind reels!

This bar is really well hidden, I've been in this shopping center quite a few times and never knew it was there.  I didn't know what to expect walking in, some brewery's can be snobby but this one totally wasn't.  It's small but it has large tables so you can bring friends and stay awhile.  They also provide games which is always a bonus when drinking with friends. 

They have this amazing wall with coolers filled with every kind of imaginable beer.  I wanted to be like Augustus Gloop in Willy Wonka and just go crazy cracking them all open and trying each one... but I controlled myself.  The hubs and I sat at the bar where they also have a great selection of beers on tap.  We were not disappointed by our selections and we were able to try a few without getting an annoying look from the bartenders.  

The food was good.  We had the margarita pizza which was so yummy.  Great crust, my husband is a crust freak and it did not disappoint.  Good service; helpful bartenders, quick with the refills.  I will be back fo sho!  I've gotta try the orange blossom!
Papago is a strip mall microbrewer with pretty good food and great beer.  They have a nice selection of import and domestic micro brews in the fridge.  Around 20 taps stand by, dispensing fine crafted beverages.  

If you enjoy orange sweet tarts, try the Orange Blossom beer - their consistent crowd pleaser.  Can't say that I like the stuff.  Their Robusto porter is one of the best porters I've ever had.

This place can get really loud.  The service can be sporadic.  You won't see anyone for 30 minutes and them bam - 4 servers come by right in a row.  Really guys?

There we go, those are the negatives.  This place kicks ass.  Best beer selection on tap and in the cooler.  Mix and match 6 packs to go.  Good pizza.  Italian sandwich is quite valuable.  

The selection on tap rotates regularly, you'll be sure to find something you like if you're a beer lover.  Be sure to try a sample or two before you commit to a full size serving!
Papago Brewery is awesome!  The beer is very good and so is the food. Their individual pizzas are big, defiantly  enough for 2 or 3 hungry people to share.

 I had to try the infamous Orange Blossom which was very good. Although the Orange Blossom was very good I prefer a beer that has some bite to it. They had plenty of beers on tap probably about 30? Next time I go, I plan on grabbing a growler or two to take home!
I just wonder why it took me so long to find this place.  I vaguely remember looking for it one day, and never finding it.  I thought maybe I had the wrong address, my iPhone was lost, or it was to late at night after an evening of looking for the perfect drinking hole.  So I tried it several months later in the early evening, and finally found it after driving by it three times.  But it was well worth the search.

I found beer heaven!!  They not only have a record number of beers on tap, they also have hundreds of beers located in large glass faced coolers so you can browse at your leisure.  More importantly you can pick and choose what beer you want and buy it in six packs to go.  

They have a large menu, which looked very good - something for everyone.  Unfortunately I was so enthralled by all the different beers, that I forgot to eat.  But from the looks of the food delivered to the people around me, it was very appetizing, and all the people seemed to enjoy it.

It is a very comfortable place - lots of wood beams, interesting decorations, and very friendly staff.  The place is really laid back, and  very easy going, although it does get loud at times.  It only adds to the atmosphere, which of course is very conducive to drinking.

I am only giving this 4 stars, because I have yet to have the food.  But I will be back to try it, and, of course, to continue sampling the ever  changing variety of beers.
This is a great place to go to after work to grab a beer, or just hang out with some friends. They have an INSANE draft selection, even having a cider (Fox Barrel) on draft! It got really busy while I was there the first time, but still had a pretty relaxed, hang-out kind of feel to it where you didn't notice that there were so many people there. The selection of beers is unbelievable here, with an entire wall of different bottles that they carry. I was disappointed that they didn't have my favorite, Harpoon UFO, though, but not surprised because I have yet to find a place out west that carries it. I had a glass of the Fox Barrel Cider on draft and a Margarita Pizza. The pizza was only the personal size, but easily big enough for my girlfriend and I to split, and very tasty. My girlfriend even finds herself craving their pizza now, rather than pizza from an actual pizza joint. 

So, if you wanna go hang out with the guys, get a quick bite and a drink with your girlfriend, or go on a crazy beer safari, Papago Brewing Company is a great choice and I recommend it.
Strictly beer related review, as I rarely eat anything other than the beer bites here.

Straight up, this place cannot be beat for incredible beer selection. The selection of drafts is always incredibly diverse, with drafts you're unlikely to see anywhere else in Arizona. As if these rare brews weren't good enough, Papago actually brews their own beers, a few of which are regular selections when I visit: Oud Zuipers is a really nice Belgian Ale, the El Robusto is just a great porter, and (my favorite) the Coconut Joe, a coconut-infused porter that's just about the tastiest thing ever (and I can't even stand coconut in other culinary creations).

The only downside to this place is that it can get incredibly busy on Friday and Saturday nights. Good luck finding a table if you show up after 10, and even if you do, the servers are so busy that you might end up having to get your drink from the bar. However, if you show up for happy hour between 2 and 6 pm, you're almost guaranteed to get good service (and something like a dollar off per drink, which makes some of the beers a criminally good deal). Also, the servers know their stuff when it comes to the beer. If it's your first time in, they're more than happy to suggest a beer based on other brews you've had, or just a particular flavor profile you have in mind. They'll even bring out a sample to make sure you'll be happy with your selection.

Oh! They also have a big beer cooler in the back, so you can create your own 6 pack of beers to take home, or order straight from the cooler if they don't have the particular beer you want on tap. Definite plus.
Tasty brews if you don't mind a crowd and waiting for your second beer for an hour.  Service is awful but somehow I keep coming back for the beer.  The rotating selection means you can always try something new.  The Thai chicken pizza is good if you ask for light sauce.
It's such a shame that this place is very unknown and tough to see.

The beer, scene and employees deserve a higher rating.

However the owners/management are lazy and unmotivated.

For example, they could petition the city and get a patio.  They could petition their property owner to help build out what could be a great beer garden on Scottsdale Rd.  But they choose to stay enclosed and undiscovered.

Likewise they seem to cherish the beer but have no food that relates.  Why not deliver some beer influenced grub?

Otherwise it's a nice place to visit or buy beer, but not a destination to eat or hang out with friends on the patio (which they don't have, unlike Four Peaks which is packed).
Visited for the first time this week.  Smallish place but welcomign and comfortable.  Has dart area and several TVs, high and low tables as well as bar seating.  It's a little hard to find in the center but it's therere on the SWC of McDowell and Scottsdale Rd

Really enjoyed the beer selection - about 20 bears on tap and dozens in bottles.  They really have a great selection.  

We tried the hot pretzels, smoked jalapeno salsa, thai chicken and muffleta pizzas... All we very good.

The place was packed on a Thursday evening but we had great service.
One of the best beer selections in the Phoenix area.  Papago's own brews are fantastic. The Mandarin Hefeweizen tastes like a creamsicle, and the coffee stout is amazing.  There is even a coconut stout.  You can take a growler of beer home with you too, which is a fun way to try Papago's variety of brews.  

There are so many on tap and in bottles that it is always tough to decide which one to order next.
so we just moved into a new house and what do you know? this place is less than a mile from us. i've heard about it, been invited to it, but never had the time to stop in. over the course of 2 weeks moving, we've been here several times already.

the atmosphere is so casual and friendly. so many beers i've never heard of! we just ask the server and he has not disappointed. they have some of the best vegetarian style pizza we've ever had. soft and hot toppings, and crispy crust with a little burnt edges....mmmm! 

there's tons of reviews for this place so i'm not going to tell you anything new, but we like it and hope to make it a regular stomping ground.
be prepared for the icy air though....it's freezing in there.
My friend took me to this place because we are both huge fans of micro brew beer. Papago Brewing has a magnificent and ever changing seletion of brews from all around the country including some of their own creations. I highly suggest the orange blossom, it is to die for. 

We also had one of their Pizzas and ended up fighting over the last peice because it was so delicious. Great service and atmosphere capped off an already wonderful time, I will be going back often for sure.
The best hand crafted Phoenix beers hands down. Cool place, coolers you can grab beers to drink there or pack to go. I don't live on East side anymore but whenever I'm on that side of town I make a point, to get a pint..;-)
Hit up Papago brewery yesterday after a softball game... I had heard of it, but had no idea where it was.  Turns out it was about a mile from my place... score!  Small place, great for a beer. They have a huge selection of tap beers, like beyond imaginable.  The orange blossom is my new favorite... yum!   They also have a wall cooler (Similar to those is a convenience store) full of bottled beers and beverages. The team ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and really enjoyed it, I didn't try any because it had meat, but wished I had ordered a veggie pizza after I saw it come out.  The inside kind of reminds me of a coffee shop, just a bunch of tables and a shelf of board games, nothing special but I didn't feel out of place or uncomfortable showing up in my game gear... but at the same time, didn't feel like I was in a dirty dive bar.   I'll definitely be back... and going to order some pizza next time forshizzle!
So, when a brewery stops making their own beer and has another brewery contract brew it for them....are they still a brewery? It doesnt matter here. They have an AMAZING selection of beer! More handles than you see just about anywhere else and they all rotate!!! There is something different here every time I go. If you dont like what they have on tap (I cant see how that could ever be possible), they have one of the largest bottle selections in the Valley. You can get the bottled selections and or a growler of any of the draft beers to go as well. Pretty cool. Try the Elsie's Irish Cream Milk Stout if they have it! Just effin beautiful!!!

As with most brew pubs, they focus on beer, not food. It's unfortunate because when I sit and drink great beer for a while, I want great food to go with it. Their food offerings are ok. Just nothing to get excited about.

Definitely hit this place up if you're in the area. If you're not, then wait til the weekend and make the drive. If you like great beer and sampling different kinds of beer in the same session, this is the place!
Papago Brewing is THE craft beer bar to go to. PERIOD. This goes for anywhere in the country.  Recently voted one of the best craft beer bars in the world - their selection backs up every word of this.  Their tap handles always pour a wonderful variety - a beer for all tastes.  IPA's, Belgiums, Ciders, Framboise, you name it they have it!  And if they don't have it on tap - check the coolers for an even bigger bottle selection!  Their own brews are pretty awesome too - I love the Elsies (a coffee flavored stout), although their Orange Blossom is one of their biggest sellers.

Papago Brewing also always manages to get special releases before anyone else does.  And they host a slew of beer events and release parties, often times welcoming head brewers and founders for the events (in the past we've met Greg Koch from Stone Brewery, Tomme Arthur from Port Brewing, and Dale Katechis from Oskar Blues, just to name a few!) Events are soo much fun because everyone who appreciates good beer comes out to just have a good time! 

The vibe of this place is really eclectic.  You either get ASU students, locals and regulars, people from out of town, beer snobs, or people that are just wanting to have a good time.  You may see someone dressed up ready to hit the town but wanting to pre drink first, or a super casual crowd. Friday night is by far their busiest night - and it's often times difficult to get a table.  My fiance and I prefer Thursdays or Sundays to sit at the bar - and meet knew people.  The decor is laid back - with high top tables on one side and regular tables on another.  There's a juke box and board games, and a couple of TV's, although keep in mind this is NOT a sports bar.  Don't expect to watch your Sunday football here.

For food - we love their pizzas.  All we ever really order is the Thai Chicken Pizza.  I can't comment on anything else on the menu because we've never tried anything else - but their pizza is awesome!

Service is great - friendly and knowledgeable.  Very willing to help you decide on your beverages (the selection can be overwhelming).  I liken it to when I look at a wine list.  If the selection is too big I am lost.  

We've traveled quite a bit - and have visited beer bars everywhere.  Papago Brewery is definitely one of the best we've ever been to, and we're soo  lucky to have it down the road!
How does this NOT have a solid 5 stars?  Maybe because I have a certain love for little hole in the wall bars and awesome beer that others do not.

Came here for a second date, and it was a great night.  We didn't eat, although everything looked really yummy.  The beer selection couldn't be beat, and the prices were just right.  Awesome juke box and many televisions to watch whatever sporting event that might happen to be on.  The atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing.  

I will definitely be frequenting this wonderful place!
I'm a fan of Papago Brewing, because I'm a fan of local brew pubs and I appreciate extensive selections of beer.  If I'm in the mood for a unique beer or just getting away from the rest of the Scottsdale scene, this place is one of my Top 3 go-tos.

I wouldn't take my wife here for a nice dinner out, but then again, I don't think Papago Brewing expects you to.  They are a straight-forward dive bar with the MOST IMPRESSIVE menu of beers you'll find in the Valley, where the servers are attentive, and the atmosphere is comfortably casual.

But hey, how about a few more TVs on the wall?  I'd be up to watch some Sunday football here if I thought I could!
Ah. Papago. How I love thee so. By far my favorite brew-pub in the inferno I call home. Fortunately, it's far enough south to (mostly) avoid the douchey Scottsdale scene. They have a very good selection of beers on tap and a fantastic selection in the coolers-- of which you are allowed to purchase and take home. Food is so-so, Four Peaks is better for that; but let's be honest, you're here, as Jake from Sun Also Rises would say, to get tight. So drink up and enjoy yourself.

Hipster friendly, so bring your fixie and avoid a dui.
Great beer selecton, and the white pizza is delicious!  Good hang out spot wit sports on the big screen and board games/darts if that's your thing.  

They also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale.  This is a beer paradise!
I really like Papago for the variety - 30 beers on tap and God knows how many in the refrigerator cases. All can be consumed on-site or brought home to stock your personal inventory. 

What I especially dig is how knowledgeable the staff are about the beer -- even the ones who barely look old enough to drink! I've learned a lot already, from the different types of beer glasses to how some beers are aged and discovering what I like! 

You can play darts or any of the many board games they've got out. We played Yahtzee on one recent visit. There's a jukebox and a TV for further distraction. 

The food is OK. Nothing spectacular. Ball park pretzels, thin pizza crust with sauces for dipping, quesadillas, pizzas, etc. There are severely limited options for non-beer drinkers (like 4-5 mediocre wines to chose from and canned/bottled sodas). 

That said, if you're willing to explore the world of beer - this HAS to be your first stop!
This is my kind of place!  Tons of beer on tap and in the coolers, great prices, and a wonderful place to meet up with some friends to talk.  It has music but I've never felt the place was too loud to find a quite corner where you could enjoy a brew and your company.
This is a tremendous place for the beer connoisseur ...or those looking to become one. 

I was compelled to review PB due to the many posts that knocked off a star or two from their ratings because the place doesn't care to be anything other than what it is ...merely the greatest beer geek haven for thousands of miles. It's not a gastro-pub. It's not a martini bar. It's not date night. It's a world class beer bar that caters to a crowd that appreciates that. If that's not you ...hey, that's fine. No insult intended. But there will be nothing terribly special about the place if you're not a beer aficionado. 

They have brews there that I've seen only at a very small list of places ...& a few that I've seen nowhere else. I lived in the area for 10 years & never found the service to be anything but friendly & knowledgeable. Yeah, it gets busy on weekend nights ...which is why the true followers go at other times. The food is solid pub grub. The jukebox is one of those internet hook-ups that has everything. So you will be subjected to others taste in music ...not always a bad thing. And some of the obnoxious customers mentioned in other posts are not regulars in my experience. They do show up occasionally though. After all, it is a bar. 

So while I don't claim to be an expert on all things cool, I have become a pretty good expert on great beer. Any complaints about the food, ambiance, or less-than-speedy service here completely miss the point & are most likely coming from someone who just doesn't fit in the demographic Papago is trying to attract. But if you love trying wonderful, rare, & unusual brews in the company of some like-minded folks ...this is the place.
Fabulous for beer.  Plenty of space.  Board games.  Huge TV.  Just don't eat here - food was awful.
Why not five, I argue with myself as I write this review. I am, after all, a new card carrying monk. The highlight of my day today will likely be the sublimely self-righteous ale that is waiting for me.... 
I guess Papago seems to be a little exclusive, which initially I didn't like. Not feeling comfortable bringing my non-beer aficionado friends into a place made me reluctant to embrace, even appreciate it. Fast forward a year and I now get it. No, I'm not going to bring my bud swilling friends here, nor do I care if they decide they would rather go to ____ sports bar, or Club ____. Then there's the service. Spotty at times, but I have found that being in a hurry, well it's kind of counter productive when trying to relax and enjoy some of the finest free flowing alcohol this planet has to offer. 
Those are my complaints, now that I see I have no real issues with this place, I can give it an honest 5 stars. Rather than list everything I love about this place, I encourage you to get a DD, hop on your bike or take a cab on down to the Papago, belly up to the bar, grab the beer list (or consult the usually very helpful bar tenders) and prepare yourself for some good food, and even better brews.
I knew when I was heading to Papago Brewing that I was going to get some good beer. What I didn't expect was some pretty decent bar-style thin crust pizza as well. 

My table ordered the T-Rex, which is basically loaded with every pizza topping made from a pig. My friend was in from out of town, so I said F it, and ate plenty without worrying about it. The pizza was thin, crisp, greasy and delicious. It was everything bar-style pizza should be. As for the beer, I got to try a few of Papago's own brews that I hadn't tried before. Their beers are either very flowery or have a bold coffee bean kind of aftertaste. Good stuff all around, but go with some of the other beers on tap if you're looking for a classic tasting brew. 

Although the food and beer were good, the service kind of sucked. The server was helpful for sure, but he was all over the place and the food took a very long time to be served. I'm not sure if they were short-staffed the night I went, but if the service was more consistent, my experience would have been better. 

That being said, Papago is still a pretty great little spot. I'd definitely head over there again the next time I'm in the mood for some pizza and their beer.
I'm glad I made a second trip to Papago before writing a review, because they have redeemed themselves from my original visit. The problem with my first visit was two-fold: 1) The beers that were most interesting to me had run dry; 2) The food I ordered was pretty hard to grunt down. And although I sat at the bar with my compadre and tried to make conversation with the bartender about the different beers offered, it was fairly one-sided. I did not get a dose of craft beer expertise from what is arguably a brewpub that showcases a true love for beer.

So regardless of the less-than-stellar first visit, I still was impressed with the selection of draft beer especially the regional offerings. The built-in beer coolers are also a testament to a great place to sample different labels. The one thing I must caution others against is the food. The steak sandwich I ordered (with special gardiniera) was pretty lousy. The beef had a precooked-then frozen-then reheated quality. The gardiniera was essentially all jalapeños and too fiery to eat... I had to scrape a fair amount of them off to make it edible. I had a good time drinking some decent beers with my friend, but we both regretted our food choice.

My return visit restored my faith. The beer list was current and updated. There was a large variety of new draft beers to choose from, and my group ordered two pizzas. This place has delicious pizza! Our waiter was especially knowledgeable about the beers being offered and was able to help us choose especially interesting ones. I like the atmosphere and crowd at Papago and intend to return. But I will definitely stick to the pizza.
I just don't think I'm much of a brewery gal. Granted, the beer here blows Four Peaks out of the water, but I'd much rather have a nice cocktail than chew though a specialty brew. But if beer is your poison of choice, they've got just about everything. The happy hour is kind of weak here though, with like a buck off all drafts. Thoroughly meh.

You can peruse the coolers and grab a cold one or choose from 20+ drafts they have on the menu. No Bud Light here though. Sorry frat chumps. They used to have a ton of wine here as well (like, ages ago) but it has since been narrowed down to just four choices, none of which were calling my name this last go round. Their Orange Blossom wheat beer was a bit like drinking an orange creamsicle in beer form. Almost like a cider with floral notes, a light finish and a super creamy mouthfeel. (Oh yeah, bitches. I just went there.) The perfect beer for the novice drinker to enjoy. Their IPA was also pretty decent, but was more bitter than I care for, although it stayed far away from feeling like I was drinking a bottle of grassy perfume. Solid.

I thought they had deals on happy hour food (again, like a buck off) but last time I went it was no dice. At least the food's reasonably priced. Tasty rueben, craptastic hummus, crispy quesadilla. 

The acoustics in this place are kind of shitty, so go on an off time when it won't be packed, or run the risk of smiling and nodding amicably while hearing every other snippet of convo. The high top tables are also really uncomfortable for shorties like me to sit at, but c'est la vie. My biggest peeve about this place is the gigando assy television against the wall. For a place this small, a big ass mofo tv is just  not the way to go.
met  some friends there friday night 7 of us all together my wife showed up about 6ish to secure a table for us they all showed about 7 ishowed at 8 when i arrived they had ordered a pizza which i had a bite of which seamed pretty tasty i ordered a ceaser which was a plate with the romane and a side of average dressing....boring and a side of red bellpepper humus which i think was 695 and not a big portion but fairly tasty my wife had a ruben which she said was fair ......BUT there beer selection was crazy extensive from tap to bottles  everybody said our server was good and attentive I found her no fun just sort of dead pan but she was attentive
I have mixed feelings about this place. It's in Scottsdale but nothing like the typical Scottsdale bar. It is small hole in the wall place in a strip mall. It's dark and has an odd smell but it's not pretentious and very mellow atmosphere. They are known for the orange blossom beer which has a cream soda taste which I did not care for. They have board games available which is a nice touch.
Here's the thing.....you ever felt like you were being stared at the WHOLE TIME you were in some place?  Was it the Red Sox hat?  Dunno, cause my resemblance to a famous C&W singer was obscured by the hat and glasses.  Just had a weird vibe.  I also found the staff, and their friends at the bar unfriendly.  The beer selection was good, but you can get half of it in a store.  I was also somewhat charmed and somewhat put off by the handwritten labels on some of the taps.

It's cheaper than Four Peaks, but in no way as good.
Been here a couple times and it has a nice laid-back feel. 

This last time had the Coconut Joe (coconut coffee stout) - pretty tasty and the T-Rex (meat lovers) pizza which was great (I'm picky about pizza). 

It's a nice change from trendy Scottsdale bars and a good place to hit any evening if you want to get a low key beer (and noshes).
I love the beer selection, but didn't really enjoy the food.  Overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink.
I really loved this place.  We were visiting from Colorado and Papago was suggested by a friend of mine.  When we first walked in, I was a bit disappointed by the sort of make-shift interior (though I believe they are doing some sort of construction, so I excused it).  However, we grabbed a seat at the bar and were pleasantly surprised by their awesome selection of draft beers--everything from their in-house brews to Dogfish Head to a wide selection of Colorado brews.  I originally had heard about their Orange Blossom beer, so I inquired about it to the bartender.  She basically said it's their "appeals to the masses" beer and suggested otherwise, which I was ever so thankful for after I tried a sample of the Orange Blossom.  Bleh.  If you like beer, you probably won't like this.  Waaaay too sweet.  I was so happy she steered us otherwise.

I ended up with a Coconut Coffee Stout (delish!) and my husband had their Hopago IPA, also delish.  We tried a few samples of their other beers on tap and talked beer with the bartender.  I am still in awe of their refrigerated beer case--they had more kinds of New Belgium brews than we have in any liquor store right in Fort Collins!

Overall, beers are great and the staff was great with us.  I would say 4 instead of 5 stars because we noticed that the staff is a little less friendly with beer rookies, but if we lived in Scottsdale, we would be here at least once a week.  Definitely worth checking out!
Who would have thunk?!? South Scottsdale has a four peaks-esque brewery. From the moment you walk in you it's as if you're brought into a different city, people are laid back, chill, tables all over the place, there's a bar, and a refrigerated section filled with beers. it's loud, people are hanging out with friends, enjoying beers in different glasses according to how it should be served, and many are playing board games. I felt as though I was in Austin at some bar, found a table plopped myself down and looked at the different brews offered. It seems Papago brewing has 5 brews to their name one of which is the Orange Blossom that my friends is manna. it's a light beer that after first sip, the aftertaste gives you a light hint of orange creamsicle goodness. YUM!! served with an orange slice, the beer tastes good until the last drop. I am a fan of the Peach beer of four peaks but this yelpers is better because the Orange Blossom has the ongoing blossoming of flavor! 

The food offered is nothing special, it's food to fill your stomach to prevent you from getting too drunk, and something to nosh on while enjoying beers, laughs, conversations, and soaking up the atmosphere. After my tall pint of Orange Blossom, I got myself a pint of another Papago brew - the Elsie (Irish Coffee Cream Stout). I liken this dark beer to black coffee with a hint of sweetness, it's heavy and good. It just sucks that I couldn't finish my whole pint due to being full from our shared plate of pizza bites and chicken quesadilla. And get this, it cost $4.59 per draft. CHEAP! and afterwards my crew and I walked out of the porthole and found ourselves back in South Scottsdale in a strip mall that bears the Papago name.
I so wanted to like this place because I lover breweries.

I can honestly say this might be THE WORST BAR FOOD I'VE HAD in my LIFE!!  I think dog food right from the bag would be better.  I had the roast beef and we split a pizza.  I've had better roast beef at subway.  The pizza was ok, at best.

I should have noticed because no one was eating.

It's good for beer only.  Save your money on the food.

It's not even in the same ball park as  4-peaks.  too bad.  It would be nice to have more brewpubs in our area.
This place is really fun.  Small hole in the wall place.  The bar has board and card games to play.  I come here to grab one of their awesome micro brews, play some darts and trivial pursuit  Plus you can always grab a cold 6 pack of something new and fun from one of their many fridge units in the bar. 

As for the food. its not the best, nor the worst. would give the food a 3.5 star review. but overall a 5 star review because this place isnt full of clowns like oldtown or mill. great dive for me.
Papago has a great beer selection & awesome food. Try the Orange Blossom!!
I keep going back to Papago, hoping my dining experience will change. Mainly because I LOVE the Orange Blossom and their pizza.

Each time is the same. I walk in and sit down, wait, then wait some more. Even though the place is filled, the wait staff can be found standing and talking to each other behind the bar. I witness the people next to us go to the bar for a beer because they were tired of waiting for someone to take their order. Last time I checked, this place was not self-serve. 

Just last week my husband and I decided to try Papago one last time. This time our strategy was to sit at the bar to avoid waiting for someone to take our order. The bartender behind the bar was nice. He served our drinks quickly. 

However, what we observed while we sat at the bar made me never want to step foot in this establishment again. The bartender was arguing with a young waitress about food that was sitting in the kitchen. Her response, "I didn't know where it went so I left it there." The place is small, I'm sure she could have figured it out. There was another girl working that must have been her buddy. The bartender, who I assume was in charge, was getting on them (probably for being worthless). They were rolling their eyes when he looked away and had bad attitudes. While sitting at the bar, we watched at least ten customers have to come up and order their drink. While the waitresses stood talking and complaining. 

I told my husband, "If I owned this place and saw the slow, poor service, along with how many customers had to go to the bar for service, I would be embarrassed!" Come to find out, the owner had been sitting behind us the entire night. It amazes me how he could be in his own restaurant and be completely oblivious to the poor customer service.  

I would much rather go out of my way and go to Four Peaks. Maybe one day Papago Brewery will hire a pleasant, efficient wait staff.
The headache the next morning is worth it...

Went to Papago for the first time for a friend's birthday happy hour. I never would have thought you could find such a fun brewery in a strip mall. 
I'll be the first to admit I'm not a great beer drinker - I am the type to stick with a Miller Lite or whatever everyone else is drinking. At Papago, their selection is incredible. It's just big enough that you realize that you should order something 'fun', but not so large that you are overwhelmed and give up and just guess at what to order.

The staff is really knowledgeable, patient and are really attentive. The Orange Blossom is crazy delicious, and they have a coffee stout beer that caught me by surprise - in a good way.

The food is great - the menu consists of great apps, pizza, sandwiches, and the salads are fantastic. Great for an afternoon, Happy Hour or dinner. You gotta try it!
It's hard to argue with their selection of beer. However, at some point the crappy customer service is going to catch up with them. It didn't help that we had a waitress who quit drinking beer so her opinion was nil.
Ok, to start off with, I'd like to say that the beer and food were both good, but I have to give this place 1 star because the service was absolutely abysmal.

(Detailed rant follows)
It took 20 minutes for someone to take our order when we came through the door. When he brought the drinks, they were all mixed up, and we had to sort it out ourselves.
After we finished the first round of drinks, we sat waiting for about 40 minutes, before we finally got up to order drinks at the bar. The only problem was, there was nobody behind the bar. We looked around to find someone (anyone!) to order a couple more beers from. There wasn't an employee to be found. We then proceeded to stand at the bar for 5 minutes waiting for someone that worked there. After that, we went back to our table to share our woes with our friends. Shortly after that, all of the employees came pouring out of the kitchen. We finally got to order our second round, and asked for a check.
We needed the check split, but by this time our server had disappeared again, so we wrote which items should be charged to which card on the bill. When our server reappeared again, we gave him the bill and the cards. He came back moments later asking if we could total the amounts for each person, and then promptly disappeared again. We totaled up the amounts for our apparently mathematically-impaired server. He then reappeared to collect the bill again. Moments later he came back again, and said it didn't add up. It seems we forgot to calculate the tax.
At this point I said "[expletive] this [expletive] [expletive]", and just had him put the whole bill on my card. I didn't leave a tip, but one of my friends must've thought I was being unreasonable, because he gave the server a cash tip. So now this guy (the worst server in the universe) probably doesn't realize how horrible he is at his job.
I'm still so irate the next day, that I will probably call a manager and try to get this idiot fired.
(End of rant)

Horrible, horrible experience. I'll never go back. Ever.
I came to update my Papago review to include the fact that it gets way too loud in here for enjoyable conversation, but it seems I have beat myself to it.
But it's worth mentioning again. Unless you're in a group of two, no more than three people (and you know the people well enough to lean in and/or sit very close to be able to pick up what they're saying), I wouldn't recommend coming here. 
Also, I'm knocking off a star for service and food quality/selection (actually I'm knocking off two, since when I gave my original review of five stars I was an overzealous early yelper without a definitive rating system...it's really a three-star establishment).
Servers and bartenders always come off a little bored/annoyed which is a bummer when you're curious about a beer you've never tried and want to ask a lot of questions. It ends up making me feel alienated and like I don't deserve to be there since I'm not a craft beer expert. Also, for the quality/creativity the food is about $2 above the price point it should be, and for my preferences the variety/options is really lacking. 
But I will still come here because in the end it's a low-key relaxed venue with a fantastic beer selection. I just wish they'd drop the pretense and I'd certainly enjoy myself a little more and come more often.
The Good: The beer selection is excellent! Personally, I enjoy Elsie's Irish Cream Milk Stout and the Orange Blossom. They have a good selection of craft breweries from out of state too.

The Bad: The Customer Service is seriously bad. We have gone to Papago countless times and have yet to EVER have good service. We've even tried sitting at the bar to see if that will help... Nope. It takes talent to ignore people who are right in front of you.

The beer outweighs the bad service which is why they get 4 stars and we continue to go to Papago.
I spend too much time/money here, but it's worth it! Amazing craft beer selection, 30 taps (line up changes daily) + hundreds of bottles! Even if you're not a huge beer fan, you're bound to find something you'll like.
Pretty good house beers and a wide selection of other brews. I liked the Irish Coffee Stout. We lucked out in that we were able to order a sampler of Papago beers. 

The bartender was friendly. The food was nothing special; I only tried apps.
Friendly staff, amazing beer selection, and daily rotating taps... What more could you ask for? Delicious pizza? Yeah... They have that too!
Great beer selection. Love the Orange Blossom! After one or two of the deliciousness of the Orange Blossom, I'll get bold enough to venture to a Guinness or other darker beer, lol. 

I've always sat at the bar so can't confirm or deny service issues at the tables. Ne er had an issue at the bar though. 

Love stopping by for one or two and then filling up my half-gallon to take home! :)
Amazing selection of beers that i have never heard of with in my opinion the best music section in scottsdale! The place is very comfortable and the food is great. How to go about getting a beer was confusing and then became a process but if you are chill enough to wait for a server to realize that you are there then they pretty much stay on top of you all night. Its definitely a cool place to check out if you're in the area!
I had heard about this place for years and after an afternoon freed up, two of my friends and I headed over for lunch. We had gotten there a few minutes after they had opened so service was a little slow but we weren't in a rush so it was fine. We all ordered the orange blossom, which is to die for. I had the chicken pita while the other two shared the margarita piece, which was also really good. I'd definitely come back again.
OK so I am 50/50 with this place.  So with that being said here I go.  I have never had a bad time here.   The best thing about this place is the beer selection!  You can have no complaints about that, it's not possible.  What I don't like is that it's almost pseudo trendy.  It's a mix crowd of the Scottsdale douchebags or inundated with artsy people.  I cannot quite grab the specific vibe of the place, heh.
   As to what other people saying that the service being slow, I would tend to agree but of all the several times that I have been there, the place has been understaffed, and the staff I felt as though did extremely well with what they had to work with, so I will not knock them for that.  My waitress the other night earned her tip.  I didn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks for her.  All in all I will go back if that is what my friends would like to go, but I would never suggest coming here.  It's just OK.
Since we moved to Phoenix from Portland three years ago, the Arizona craft beer scene has blown up a great deal. While the state still lags behind its other western states in the local brewery department, the distribution and availability of excellent beers seems to expand weekly.

It's hard to think of a more central hub to that movement than Papago Brewing, a simple pub with a exceptional smattering of craft beers on tap and a bank of refrigerators stacked with the best bottled beer Arizona distributors have to offer. Along with Sun Devil Liquors and Topps, this is where Arizona's beer lovers congregate.

And the food's not bad either. Especially the pizza.

I saw the new expansion for the first time last night, and it seems a little incongruous and bright, but more seating is more seating, and I can't complain about that. Maybe it's the acoustics in the new room, but it was LOUD in there.

Fortunately, great beer and the company of beer lovers makes up for it.
I'm a beer lover/fanatic/snob. I started out drinking the gross light yellow stuff that Miller calls "Champagne", and as I grew older I also grew wiser. Much wiser, thankfully. Now, if I'm going to break my 50g Carbs/day or less rule on anything, it will be a delicious, usually craft, brew. 

My honey and I went to Papago a few weeks ago to meet up with a couple for a few brews - and we were fairly pleased. Their 30 brews on tap definitely supplies something for everyone, and their local selection is pretty great. As for their beers, I've had the Orange Blossom and the Coconut Joe. The OB was fine for a lighter beer, but it was honestly a bit too sweet - not a fan. However, the Coconut Joe delighted me - it's coffee/coconut flavor is delightful, and it's a thick beer so it makes me happy.

The ambiance is nice and chill and the service is chill, too. Oh, and their selection of bottled brews - almost as amazing as Tops! Check this place out.
Ridiculous amounts of bottled beers from all over, especially rare for AZ. I can't believe they had some brews that I can't find in SF or Oakland, geez. Not to mention a lot cheaper! Must be some CA distributing issue. I haven't tried their house beers on tap, sorry but with all those bottles how could I. Atmosphere leaves a ton to be desired, they could make the space awesome (like beer revolution in Oakland). Honestly I don't get the people who come here but I'll give them credit for drinking good beer. Seriously though, why so slutty/messy looking? Did they just come from the river? A little too 'bro/ho' for my style.
30 beers on tap from 30 great brewers.  The cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies!  I've been here 20 times for the ale but the service can be weak at times.
The orange blossom beer is great and the staff is friendly enough. However, waiting 2 hours for your food is unacceptable and I would only recommend this place to people who want to hang out for a while and drink beer.
You can miss it, because its nestled within the outdated decor of papago plaza, but this place is a little diamond in the rough. They recently expanded although I don't like the new room. The beer selection changes seasonally, with some favorites that stick around and you can always sample something before you order a full glass. They also have a nice fridge selection if you want some for home or to take to a party.

Surprisingly my favorite thing here is the pizza. I'm a pizza lover, even when it's bad, it's pretty good kind of thing. For a brew house I was surprised that they're vegetarian pizzas are so good! It's one of my top two favorite places for pizza actually. Although it seems to take forever, and it does, it's worth it.  

Service is kind of casual, like the atmosphere, but you never feel rushed. It's a laid back kind of place and I love that because many times we've gone there after a house project covered in paint or dirt and its all good.
very knoweledgable staff and a lot of beer selections.  Definitely a great casual place to kick back and sample all the beer world has to offer.
CALLING ALL BEER LOVERS! (Even if you think you don't like beer, Papago probably has a brew to change your mind.)
This place is great! They always have something like, 30 beers on tap, one on cask, and also a huge selection of hundreds of bottled beers in their coolers. Their draft selection changes almost daily, except for a few staples. The Papago Brewery beers are great, and sometimes they even make special batches with peppers, etc. 
One of the things that makes Papago so special, though is their staff. All of their staff members are incredibly friendly and helpful. They will remember you and make friendly chat with you and then suggest a beer for you if you can't pick. 
Papago is kind of a drive for me and my husband, but we always wind up here a couple of times a week for a few pints and a pizza.
Oh, I forgot to mention that their pizza is amazing!! We always get the white pizza and we loveeee it!!!
Orange Blossom Hefeweisen, my favorite summer beer! If you don't like a hefe, they have dozens and dozens of great beers on tap, and if you dont like those they have a wall of self service coolers where you can pick and drink or mix a six-pack and go. For food my favorite is the artichoke dip and the Thai Chicken Pizza. PRO TIP: they also sell Growlers of tap beer to go, perfect for poolside Orange Blossom at home, but when I get it I ask for an orange to go, as the only way to drink it is with a slice of orange. They brew offsite so don't go expecting a tour, oh and the one complaint I have is the noise in the place can be a bit harsh as they are no soft surfaces to absorb or soften sound. After a meal of speaking loudly to those across the table you can leave a little hoarse.  No patio or dogs here, but smoking out in front.
One of the best selections of beers on tap you'll see anywhere in the world. One of the best selections of bottled beer you'll find anywhere in the world. Throw in a pretty mean pizza, relaxed atmospere, and the best informed staff I've seen in any bar, ever... and there you have a beer lover's 5 star establishment
This place has a great beer selection and decent food, but the service is horrendous. This is mainly because the owner/manager seems indifferent about his patrons and indifferent about who he hires. He is so arrogant that he long ago ran off all the good, truly beer knowledgeable staff that he had. Sadly, this place will never be more than 3 stars until he is gone.
I love this place so much that it's all I often think about since I moved to the bay area 4 years ago.  Enough said.

If I ever move back to Arizona again it's because of Papago Brewing.
Stopped into Papago Brewing in South Scottsdale last week to have a pint or three and say hello to owners Ron & Leah. To my surprise they had leased the suite next door, knocked out a wall and expanded! The place looks great! 
As usual the beer selection was second to none, everything from Gulden Draak to Racer5 & locals like SanTan Brewing. One very special beer of note: Ron has a very special brew called Oude Zuipers("Old Drunks" in the Dutch Language) contract brewed just for Papago by Brouwerij Van Steenberge in Belgium! Brouwerij Van Steenberge is of course responsible for beers such as Piraat, Gulden Draak & the Bornem series. 
WOW, what kind of pull has this guy got? A multi national Belgian brewery, brewing a beer just for his place here in Arizona! U must Try It! Its warm, malty w/ just a touch of sweet & a huge mouth feel stemming from its 11% ABV! 
Now, onto the food...we had a pizza very popular in Europe made w/ creme fresh, bacon, garlic & caramelized onions. Of course, I added kalamata olives to the mix just to be a bit different. Big Mistake! The delicate flavors of this pizza were completely overpowered by the olives and the Perfect Pairing w/ the Oude Zuipers was lost as well. My bad. I hate when that happens! 
All said, Papago Brewing is a Must See if you are a beer lover & the extra room made by their recent expansion just makes the place that much better. 5 Stars because their beer selection is King, They know/understand what they are selling & for God's sake Brouwerij Van Steenberge brews a beer just for them! Go Now Grasshopper!
Revisited Pagago last Monday evening for A Beer Education class w/ Ron Kloth, Cicerone & owner.  What a great time.  The class was designed mostly for beginners but I found myself learning new things from the first moment. Those little details, explained diferently than I would have done.  I learned as much about public speaking as I did about beer. Afterwards, sitting with a few Craft Beer reps. from World Class Beverage was just as educational. Want to learn more about beer, from it's early origins to down to whats hot this week? Papago Brewing is your place. Cheers.
Ps. Racer 5 & Samichclaus on Tap, WOW.
This place has the selection to beat! Hard to be disappointed no matter what your taste in beer. With the addition of the new seating area, although the lights in there need to be less cafeteria like, it becomes even better. 

Gotta love a place that lets the monks take over, and has a place in its heart for local brews. Also has the craftiest of crafty beers! If only there were better ways to get here than driving. It is located in the middle of driving central though...

I love the place, but the menu is not its specialty. Beer is the specialty. I would love some better food though! Or a BYO option!
I have yet to find a better beer selection in Phoenix. The bottles aren't on the menu though, you have to walk over to the fridge. If you get the pretzel's choose the cheese over the mustard.
So I wrote a review for Papago Brewing way back in the day when I was still new to this whole Yelp thing... so now that I'm a bit more seasoned, I'd like to write an update!

I originally gave Papago 5 stars, and I still don't have a bad word to say about it! This has been my go to bar, my "Cheers", since I first moved to Phoenix two years ago. I've made a lot of friends here (customers AND employees), and I've consumed MANY amazing beers here! I can always count on them having several new craft beers on tap every time I show up, and the staff is very well educated on each of them. Zach, Jess, Matt, Mark, and Sean take great pride in the fact that they are beer nerds (like my wife and I), and always have great suggestions when I can't make up my mind! With 26-30 beers on tap, and several coolers full of different bottled beer from all over the world, it's never hard to find something I'll love!
The pizza here is some of my favorite in the valley! We always order the White Pizza, but you have to try the Buffalo Chicken Pizza or the T-Rex! You can't go wrong!
Papago recently expanded to make more room for their rapidly growing business, as the place is consistently packed almost every night of the week! The new side boasts locally handcrafted tables and benches, as well as a regulation size shuffleboard table!
Whatever your beer-drinking needs, you'll find it here at Papago Brewing Company!
legit beer selection both on tap and in bottles to purchase and create your own six pack as well... and on my trip here i did both of these things... and loved everything. 
 

The food selection is nothing like the beer selection.. But I needed something and my eye caught the hummus which turned out to be absolutely delicious... I could have sat there and drank beer and ate hummus all afternoon... yummmmmm
DO NOT COME HERE EXPECTING GREAT SERVICE! you will be very upset if that is important to you or something you seek when planning on coming here. The service SUCKS. Always has.. probabaly always will.
HOWEVER_ when and iff you get to talk to a waitress and order some food, you cant go wrong with anything on the menu. Its all very good for bar food.
Also the coolers full of almost any beer you can think of.. and Im not a big beer drinker but have been able to find stuff to drink here
My boyfriend and I first tried Papago's Orange Blossom Ale at Chicago's Old Pizza and thought- Hey this is the best damn beer we've ever had let's go visit their brewery since it's close! 

I'm simple so give me good food, beer, service, and music and I'm pretty happy. I like all their beers. My favorites were the Orange Blossom of course but also the Irish Cream one (the name escapes me at the moment) and the Coconut Joe. I really like the fact that they had alot of smaller breweries and crap beer like bud and coors wasn't on the beer list. Plus, they had pick your own six pack which is pretty damn awesome. Service was good- wasn't exceptional but it wasn't bad. We got our food, drinks and check within a good time frame and she was happy enough. 

I saw other reviews complaining about servers sitting back and talking and complaining and I didn't see any of that. My boyfriend and I both got the hot italian sandwich which was delicious- no complaints at all. The cole slaw it came with was okay- once again not great but enjoyable. 

I did enjoy the interior and how it was really laid back. 

Pros: Delicious beer choices, good food as far as I tried 

Cons: Bathroom was kind of "gas station-esque"  and while the food I tried was good there was a dreadfully small food menu
On my quest to visit every micro brewery in Arizona this was a must stop... I have been here a few times now and have enjoyed each stop. For food I went with the Thai Chicken Pizza - Thai peanut sauce, white meat chicken, fresh cilantro, red onions and mozzarella cheese... For beer I went with an Orange Blossom I normally do not enjoy this style of beer but it's really good... I rate the experience as followed.

Thai Chicken Pizza - A+
Staff - A+
Beer - A +++

They have a huge section of beers on tap as well as bottled... It's really impressive if you're looking for a place to go to try new beers this is a one stop shop.
Great laid-back place.  Music is pretty loud. Taps are great and ever-changing.  Awesome people watching. Excited to go back and try the pizza and pretzels.
I don't come here for the food in particular but the brews are great. It's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated. The refrigerated has a huge eclectic mix of other microbreweries in bottles. The bar has a full array of their own brews from ales to stouts. If you so happen to enjoy their beer so much. You can take it home in a growler after the initial 20 bucks. Growlers are half gallons of beer heaven. The next half gallon of you purchase is only 12 bucks. I recommend the coconut joe.
Have some family over in Chandler, so we headed over to a few breweries while visiting them there, Papago being one of them. The place is located in a strip mall, not too far from the University. The atmosphere, to me, is a cross between a upscale liquor store, and summer camp cabin, and a rustic sports bar. Comfortable, nice AC (yeah it gets hot in AZ) and a good tap list. 

Service was decent, only 1 server that day, but it was not that crowded, and the place is not that big either. He checked in with us every 10 mintues or so. They had a few board games there, including a drinking Jenga, which was pretty funny. We played that twice while just hanging out for the afternoon. Didnt get anyfood, as we had just had lunch before going here. 

Of the three beers I tried form Papago while there, the Papago Elsie Irish Cream was the highlight. (also had the Orange Blossom, which my cousin took a growler home ofi t, and the Coconut Joe). I brought home a Growler off the Irish Cream, which was shared amongst friends at a recent gathering, and it was liked by all.

I also got a 2008 bottle of Mephistopheles Stout, and two other locals that I don't get in So Cal, since they also sell lots of bottled beers to go here as well. 

All in all, a good stop, with some pretty solid options for AZ. Recomended if your in the area.
Good food, much better than I expected.  It is a bar after all so I thought we would have a menu of nothing but fried goodies & finger food but to my great surprise they have a great menu.  There was at least one item in each section that I wanted to try.  My friend and I split the Gobbler sandwich (turkey, roasted red pepper & provolone cheese on rosemary foccacia) and a small BLT salad.  The salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing.  The portion sizes were generous so even though we split both the sami & salad we were both full.  Beers weren't cheap at $5 each but the selection was huge.  I am not a beer snob so I ordered bud light and $5 is steep in my opinion.  Anyway, after 2 beers the sandwich & salad our bill was just over $30.  Table service sucked so we ordered our meal & paid our bill at the bar.
One of the few legit brewpubs around.
The consummate beer bar.  Great selection, knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons.  What more can you want from a drinking establishment?  The food is good too.
stopped by here last friday night and still love it! their beers...still good. their pizza....still good. 

at least 2 dozen visits since last review so...still good!
**Ladies** try the Lambic Black Cherry Ale. It's so good- and so is the Rasberry Framboise.  This is a cool spot when you want to be casual, and get friendly service. It satisfies my monthly dive bar craving.
A haven for craft brew lovers. Papago is a great place when you're in the mood for great beer. Unlike other "brew pubs" like Four Peaks, which really only serves their own beers, Papago has an endless selection of bottled and draft beers from many different breweries, with only a small handful being their own. There's a couple obligatory TV's and the standard bar food like pizza and nachos, but you're not really going there for the food. It's all about the beer.
You have to be a beer lover to come here and truly appreciate it. This place has so many hard to find, and many times off season beers that other places don't carry. This is a beer drinkers paradise. 

What costs this place a start is the noise and the service. Our waitress when we went was a straight up b*tch. She wouldn't come to our table, bring us drinks, and gave us crap about our bill. Not cool.

The noise also killed me. We went with a group of friends and it ended up being you had to talk to the person next to you, and even then you had to shout. I didn't even get a chance to talk to a couple of my friends because the place was too loud. 

I'll definitely be back though because they have such an amazing range of beers.
In terms of atmosphere, it's no Four Peaks. They do have a TON of beer selections though, and rotate the taps regularly. The service was a little spotty for a slow, Sunday night, but overall it was good.
Love, love, love the Orange Blossom beer.  The pizza was great, too (we had the T Rex).  I do wish this place had better lighting.  We were there around lunch and could barely read the menus.  We'll be back in March with a lot of beer fans.
Awesome place!!

They always have over 30 beers on tap, plus a ton bottled in their "shop".  The food is really good, but sometimes can take a little while.  The only negative - the service can sometimes be slow and it's a little more expensive than your average bar.
One of the most memorable breweries I've been to, not because of their personal beer choices but because of how they run the place. They have over 30 beers on tap from all over the country. If that's not cool enough, the entire back wall of the place is refrigerated coolers full of bottles and cans of even more craft brews that you can hand pick to drink in house...OR....build your own 6 pack to carry out. Brews from all over from Epic, to Dogfish, to Maui Brewing, to Sierra Nevada and the list goes on...and on....and on. It really is a nice concept!! Oh....and their food is great too. Mostly your normal bar food but pretty tasty.

As for the service? I was incredibly impressed at how the girls that were serving us really truly seemed to have some serious beer knowledge. They were able to help us pick the right beer for our liking and they were right there when the brews disappeared regardless of the fact the place was packed.

Know before you go: Don't let the exterior fool you! It's a small portion of a strip mall...look hard or you may miss it
Yes, please.
My favorite bar in Scottsdale! Great selection of beers and the food is amazing. You can do healthy and have an excellent salad or go the other way and have one of their delicious pizzas. Also, the sandwich selection, especially the Italian, is so F'n good. The bartenders, Jess and Zack do beer blends as well so you never have the same beer twice. I usually grab a mixed 6 pack from the coolers in the back so I have an eclectic selection at home, too. Can't beat this place!
best beer in town
I was really hoping to enjoy this brewery more than I did. I think with such high reviews, I had high expectations of what I would find. 

As another post says its not "Four Peaks" and I'm assuming they are referring to the appearance and ambiance of the place. It came off really divvy and deteriorated to me with a dirty bar top and messy floors. The bathrooms were awful like something out of a truck stop and there was a complaint about the women's restroom overflowing while I was sitting at the bar. The bar keep just kind of shrugged it off in acknowledgment and did nothing. She didn't do much of anything in terms of explaining the place or the beer selection after asking about what was available. 

It was completely dead on a Monday afternoon at happy hour so I can't speak much for how loud it gets. They did have a good beer selection on tap, so that is their obvious pull for people. Can't speak on their food is as I left after my second beer, just couldn't stomach the place after poor service and crappy atmosphere. 

I like a dive just as much as the next trendy hipster with a mustache but when the service is lousy, decor is boring, and things are a bit pricey. its time to move on to the next one.
Always a great rotating variety of draft beer, delicious food and friendly staff. Coolers with a HUGE selection of bottled beer to drink in the bar or to take home. Specialty bottled beer drank in the bar can be slight expensive and at times I would even call over-priced. If you dig milk stouts, Elsie's is absolutely the best one I/you will ever have; it's simply perfect. Great place to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!
Love, Love, Love this place!  I'm a craft beer nerd, and this place has the best selection in town.  All taps rotate daily, so you never know what you're going to get to choose from when you go, which is half the excitement!  Their refrigerated case also has pretty much anything you could ask for if what you want isn't on tap - they even have a few domestic mass-produced beers for your friends who aren't fans of "fancy beer". :-)  The staff are well-versed in what they have on tap and the differences, and even allow complimentary samples if wanting to decide between a few for a pint. They have a smaller food menu, but most of the staples are on it.  We love the pizza. And if  you've had enough, but aren't done... you can take a mix-and-match six pack from the case home with you.
Another great spot to get beers in the valley? Yep it's true Papago joins the list with 4 peaks, San Tan and Lost Leaf as great places to get a beer. They have several of their own microbrews on tap along with a changing selection of other craft beers. Add to that a QT sized bank of fridges filled with all kinds of bottles or great stuff from around the world and you have an all in one stop for the beer connoisseur. 

I have been here twice now and it's a good place to come have a few beers. The service is good and friendly and prices are very reasonable (around 5-7 per beer). I went on a friday night and it was a bit packed but people are willing to share tables. Haven't tried any food here yet so holding off the 5th star until I can vouch for the food. 

On a personal beer selection note they carry one of my favorites from my time in Germany the Franziskaner Dunkle-Weis. I highly recommend it to any hefe fan who wants a little something different.
Papago Brewing Company of Scottsdale, AZ reminds me of Tap and Barrel of Smithtown, NY (just not as cool). Although they have a larger beer-by-the-bottle selection than Tap and Barrel, they only feature 30 beers on tap to Tap and Barrel's 52. AND Tap and Barrel has Fruli & Wells. However, this didn't detract from a fantastic experience, here's what we had:

Beer:
+ Tap #22 Papago Brewing's (Scottsdale, AZ) own Orange Blossom - Vanilla Mandarin Wheat Ale. $7. It was damn good - I'm a huge Belgian/fruit lambic kinda guy and I wasn't sure how much I'd like this orange beer but boy is this yummy. It's not overly orangey, it's light though smooth with some good body, it leaves you refreshed and paired quite well with our grub

Bar Food:
+ Beer Bites. $6.25. Fresh baked bite size pieces of pizza dough brushed with olive oil, herbs and parmesan cheese. Served with your choice of marinara, ranch, bbq, thai peanut sauce or chipotle ranch. These were damn yummy - I love carbs though they make me fat - frankly I wasn't sure how good these were going to be and I can tell you after ordering them, that they were the best of the 3 things we ordered. I couldn't stop eating them!!!
+ Roasted Red Pepper Hummus. $6.95. Chickpea puree with tahini, garlic, olive oil and roasted red peppers served with warm pita bread. I had to get something healthy and so we ordered this. The pita was warm and soft though slighly toasted and not stale, the hummus was well done and was flavorful. Nice work for a simple appetizer.
+ Caprese Crust. $6.95. It was fresh mozzarella, basil, arugula, tomato and a very sweet reduced balsamic on a super crusty round-pizza-medium kinda size bread which was really good cut up in 8 triangles (kinda like pizza!). It was good!

So, I can see why the locals like it, it's huge, it's got a damn good beer selection but they don't carry Fruli or Wells Banana Bread Beer. Get those 2, and I'll give you 5 Yelps. Also, this place could benefit from 2-3 pool tables...

THIS has been a review by Gaurav
As someone who doesn't drink I am left to base my review on the ambiance and food.  Despite being in a South Scottsdale strip mall the crowd is fun and engaging.  As has been mentioned by the majority of the other reviews, the food isn't really the draw of this place. Still a decent way to pass an evening with friends watching games.
I stopped in here Sunday for a beer.  My friend wanted a gluten free beer but had to settle for a cider.  I tried their orange blossom beer and it was just OK.
Dear Papago,

I love you.  And I love your orange blossom beer.  The pizza is pretty fabulous too.  And I live really far away so coming here is a special treat.  But you blew it last night.

The server warned us in advance that they were understaffed and thing might be a little slow. No problem.  We ordered beer and beer bites.  I actually wanted pizza but thought it would take too long.  The beer arrived pronto.  One hour later, no beer bites and we had to leave.  The table next to us were noshing happily on their appetizer AND pizza.  I considered starting a bar fight just to steal a slice.  The waiter was super nice but I did not for one second buy his line about the beer bites taking forever.  You can cook an entire pizza more quickly than little bites of dough?  Do I look stupid?  If you lost my order, say so rather than insulting my basic knowledge of chemistry.

I will probably be back but I think we need some time apart. 

Love,
Hungry Girl
I haven't yet returned but wanted to say that I very much appreciate the owner's response!  That says a lot about your care for customers.  I think I may find myself schlepping down to South Scottsdale sooner than planned.  :)
Even if they don't brew there own beer this place is amazing. Great tap list, but it's the multiple fridges that keep you coming. So many beers that we don't get in the Bay Area! You can order from the bar or grab a beer from the fridge. All the severs knew there stuff and were eager to teach. So my place. The pizza was great and we would defiantly come again next time we are in AZ.
This place rocks! I would of never thought a place like this existed especially in a shopping center. The beer selection is seriously like I died and went to beer heaven. They have a ton of beers on draft as well as a huge selection of bottled beer you can grab from the fridge and they will pour it for you in the appropriate glass. I didn't get to try there food but heard it was great.
Love this place. And it's so close to home! I love their selections of beers! I love that the servers there are so knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to trying to figure out what beer I want. Thanks to all the random samples, I've expanded my favorites to not only include their orange blossom, which by the way taste like an orange creamsicle, but their hefeweizen. Their food wasn't anything exciting, just good to nosh on while you get your drink on. Since they've changed up their layout, adding more space and tables, it makes it easier to find tables. The other patrons are cool and chill. It's an awesome place to go to and spend any night in :)
If you're looking for an great place to go kick back and try some tasty micro brews, then this is the place for you. I met a buddy here for dinner after work, and having never been, loved it. I'm from the PNW, and this reminded me of something I'd see back home.

I'll spare you the talk of it being tucked away in the old Papago Plaza strip mall, and get right to the goods. The bar tenders were attentive.  I'm not a huge beer drinker, but do enjoy my micro brews. They not only had around 25 quality micros on tap, they have a large refrigerator section by the main bar area where you can buy single bottles of all sizes or create-your-own-six-pack-for-the-road...where the hell else can you do that at a brewery?! I thought that was a very creative idea to have in-house.

I ordered the large "Beer-B-Que pizza pie," which was deliciousness in a pan and a ton of pizza (I've never had anything like it)! I enjoyed a nice cold pint of their very own Hopago IPA, and another of Breckenridge brewing, Agave wheat ale, both outstanding. I think I have found my new favorite joint in south Scottsdale. The only downside...it's really far from my house.
Relaxed, friendly, very tasty pizza and fresh made spinach-artichoke dip. All wrapped in a cornucopia of craft beers. A great place to spend time with friends. They also have power strips in case you want to beer up with your laptop. Kinda cool.
Beer Selection 10/10 however service is 1/10. Staff lacks product knowledge. Specials are not mentioned. Wait time is long. Staff makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order.
This is definitely a great beer spot, but I would eat beforehand. I had a great beer that the waitress was kind enough to suggest based on my preferences, it was called Orange Blossom. I am not a fan of the bitter taste of beer so this was perfect! It tasted like orange juice beer. I downed that with ease! My bf got some beer that was almost 12% alcohol and it was pretty good, besides the aftertaste that made it taste like a shot (I drove home of course lol). We decided to share 2 dishes: margarita pizza and pulled pork sliders. I didn't really enjoy either. The pizza seemed like a totinos frozen pizza that you get in the grocery store and the sliders were dry.
Great beers. Really great beers. That's why they get 4 stars. Don't go here to eat ever please. Go have a nice dinner up the road in Old Town, or down the road on Mill then come here for drinks. 

They don't have much of a happy hour, just $1 for drafts but our waitress was nice enough to sneak in an order for 2 beers each since we arrived about 10 minutes before 6pm. 

My first beer was a great tasting IPA from this San Diego brewery called Mission. I love San Diego and now I need to find these breweries for when I visit next time. The next beer was a doozy.  I was asking the waitress for some recommendations on a "Papago" beer since I wanted to try one of theirs, well after not shying away from hearing 12% alcohol I went for the Oude Zuipers. For a beer that was at 12%, it was not bad. Great if your looking to get drunk or try something out of the ordinary, but if your drinking to enjoy your beer I recommend trying something else. 

We also had dinner here, which... never again. The pizza tasted like a frozen pizza. I had pulled pork sliders which were a bit on the dry side and it came with a side salad which was nothing special but not bad either. 

We tried to play some board games since they had a bunch stacked up on the side but everything I tried to grab was missing something that had me walking back and forth before I just gave up. Maybe next time we'll come here with friends for the beers and I'll bring Apples 2 Apples with us, or better yet, Shots and Ladders and we'll use that 12% beer as the shots!
I thought this place looked promising as it reminded me of one of my favorite places in Arlington VA (lost dog cafe). The servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer. I just had a salad for dinner so I can't say much about the food but the atmosphere is really cool. They have tons of tables with plenty of games to play at them. Not to mention the wall of taps and the other wall of coolers full of beers. Worth stopping at.
Sours! Microdrafts! Homebrewishness! Oh my!

When "they," those wiley specialty beer brewers, only send one keg of beer to Phoenix, expect it to show up at Papago.

I love the bartenders, the weird wooden decor, the endless beer choices.

If you were in Flagstaff and appreciated the Pay-n-Take and Flag Brew, then mash them together and enjoy Papago Brewing. 

Most recently a friend and I ran, not walked, to Papago as refugees from a bachelorette (not mine) party. Okay, we drove. I can't lie. But despite our old town duds, we were welcomed at the bar and proceeded to split a $20 bottle of beer - definitely ask when your cooler guide says something understated like, "it costs a little more, but...."

Pizza smells will waft about you as you enjoy your frosty beverages. If it's late, give in. It's cheesy, greasy goodness at the end of a long day. Nevermind the artichoke dip. Not so much the other bar food, ever, really. If you're going to eat, it's the pizza. 

Play a game, try something bottled you can't pronounce, open the belly of the weird sculpture at the entrance, it's all a very good time.

P.S. Patience! Patience and a large smile will get you everywhere. It gets very hectic, very loud and even a touch crazy here sometimes.
Their beer selection is great: the taps are always changing and the bottle selection covers many of my favorite breweries. There's a beer for any taste and always something you've never tried. The prices are slightly on the high side of reasonable: more than I'd like to pay, but I don't feel ripped of for a quality beer.

The food is pretty good, but you pay too much for what you get in almost every case.

The service suffers from chronic understaffing. It seems there are at most two servers weekdays with maybe three working on Friday and Saturday nights. The service is understandably slow if it gets at all busy. Regulars seem to get special treatment. While this is no surprise, it gets irritating when there are two servers to cover a full bar and a dozen tables.

I do go there every now and then and it's a good place for a beer with a few friends but I avoid it when it's busy and I usually don't get food.
First off, it's in an odd looking pueblo styled strip mall... but don't let that stop you from checking it out.  

They have a great revolving selection of about 30 Microbrews on tap and make some pretty good pizza (Thai Chicken and Buffalo Chicken pizza is where it's at.)  The place is low key but doesn't really qualify as a dive bar.  Play some darts and shuffle board or watch the game.  Great spot to chill and BS with some friends.
Maybe it was the jet lag, but I was underwhelmed by the dark brown walls, black ceiling and overall dingy atmosphere.  It felt like a frat house with an awesome beer menu.  The Hopago IPA was good, but my wrap was dry and tasteless - I couldn't finish even half of it.  Biggest pro: I was able to leave with a mixed 6-pack of premium microbrews.
3pm Saturday. Came here for the first time after going to Four Peaks Brewery for the first time. Four Peaks would get 5 stars compared to this. Really strange smell. Dumpy dive vibe as soon as you walk in. Good selection of beers on tap. Pretty clean bathrooms. warm glasses for beers. Ice for water came out of a Igloo cooler. Bartenders were nice but seemed amateur. Won't be back.
The ORIGINAL craft beer bar in the state of AZ. FIRST...with rotating taps. FIRST...with a huge bottle selection. FIRST...with a huge following of people who truly know their stuff. The place that every other beer bar in PHX is trying to replicate. If you love beer you WON'T be disappointed. Oh and the pizza's good. Get there!
South Scottsdale at McDowell and Scottsdale Rd in the Papago Plaza, tucked in next to the Mandarin Buffet and the Spa.

Great beers on tap and in the cooler, nearing 400 total I think. Plus they have some large corked rarities.
Expedient, friendly and knowledgeable table service, plenty of seating always. When you walk in, have a seat anywhere, someone will be with you shortly, menus are already on the table.
No matter how busy it gets, the staff bust their butts to be timely with you. It's never too loud unless you're in on a promo night or weekend night. As for those nights it tends to die down a little around 9pm. Promo nights tend to be crazier! Show up early (6-7pm) and get some free swag from the brewery reps - see what's around, chat with the reps about their products, and let them know which ones you're really a fan of and why.

Food is decent, but what you REALLY want are the pizzas!!
I like the T-Rex and the Thai chicken pizza the most, and as for sandwiches, The Gobbler is the one to get! As for reservations, none are taken unless you want to book a large group in the extra room for a corporate something or birthday.

Been to World of Beer yet? 
Aren't you thoroughly annoyed with the prices, staff and the zoo crowd and noise?
Come to Papago where they keep it real!!
Happy hour drafts are a buck off, and there are only three prices - regular ($4.50 during HH), premium and super premium, noted on the draft beer list, so there's no nickel n diming you on every damn draft like trading baseball cards with the Jewish kid when you were 12. Also, check the chalkboard for "Beer of the Week," which is a buck off all the time. Doesn't apply to Monk Card holders, as they get the buck off all the time anyway.

Bottles have different prices, but what you want to take advantage of is the 6-pack to go for 10 bucks or $11.50 for a premium sixer. Ask your server for advice on how to maximize your value, the staff is always willing to help! They WANT you to have the best deal out of the situation and they want you to be happy!
INSIDE SKINNY: Old Rasputin imperial stout is allowed in the STANDARD 6-pack.

Sure my review may sound like an ad, but I've been going here for many years.
World of Beer can suck it, I'll always come home to Papago where they keep it real.
I recently moved away from Phoenix, and was really sad to see this place go. I was a huge regular. For four years, me and my buddies would go every Thursday and sometimes between. They have some of the nicest and most knowledgeable staff out there, and the selection of beers is hands down the best in the entire state. There's a reason they're consistently rated one of the best beer bars in the nation.

The tap list consists of their own beer, which is one of the top three breweries in PHX with highlights like Oude Zuipers and Hopago as well as unusual seasonals like hop tamale (ipa with hatch chilis). If you're with someone that doesn't like beer, get them the orange blossom.

But in addition to their own beers they have over 20 other rotating taps and a couple casks with amazingly rare and unique beers. I'm an avid untappd user that tracks which beers I've had, and thanks to Papago, I've had over 900 unique beers. They also get periodic events where other breweries come in to showcase their beers, and they give out a bunch of free swag. I have a number of brewery glasses signed by its head brewer. Even their coolers are constantly rotating with new and rare bottled beers. I would always buy some to drink at home later in the week.

In addition to the beer, they have an amazing atmosphere and surprisingly good food. Seeing that they only have a pizza oven in the back, they've managed to become pretty inventive with the food. Any sandwich or pizza is going to be good, and for the side, I recommend the potato salad. It can get a bit crowded at times, which will make the service slower, so I recommend ordering another beer when you're about 3/4 done. The games are pretty fun, too. My buddies and I would bring in dominoes, backgammon, and scrabble to play, and they also have a dart board and shuffle board.

If you're looking to become a local, I suggest buying a monk membership. Unfortunately they're only available every December, but for $40 you get a dollar off and an ounce more for your beers, which is well worth it.
We came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday party. We showed up 5 minutes before 8, wandered around and couldn't find enough space for 3 people to sit, let alone everyone else who would be coming. The noise level was deafening and we decided to wait outside till our party showed up. It turns out one of us called ahead and reserved a table. There wasn't one and they had forgotten to set any aside. It took them 45 minutes to get us a table, despite the fact that tables kept opening up and they refused to help. 

We ordered a pizza and it took 2 hours to show up. It was ok, but not worth the 2 hour wait. Half the time there was never a waiter, and the other half of the time there were people walking into us. When we ordered Andygator, one of our favorite beers, it tasted of chipoltle peppers. When we spoke to the waiter and said it tasted funny he smelled it and blew us off. And the beers were $5.05 each, except the $7.50 and $8.50 ones.
Great little place with a HUGE selection of crafted beers in bottles, as well as their own brews on tap. Food was also good, definitely will return.
Beer selection alone and this would be a 6 star review (I know they only do 5  stars, but I've got some dirt on a few yelp employees that I would use to make it happen) Unfortunately there's other things to consider like food, and attentiveness of the waitstaff, etc.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good (love the chicken thai pizza) and the waitstaff know their stuff.  The food can be inconsistent at times and when they are busy (Friday Happy Hour) especially if you are sitting at a table it can take some time to get the staffs attention.  Not saying the food or staff is bad, it's just that it's not 5 star quality.

Now if you are there to sit at the bar and try beer that is hard to find this is your place.  The rotating list beers on tap changes frequently so unless you are there multiple times a week there's probably something new for you to try.  The bartenders are a great resource if are having trouble deciding, and if for some reason you don't find something like on draft TURN AROUND! That big cooler behind is filled with beers and if you have tasted them all then I'm jealous.  (ps try not to drool while looking at the beer cooler, it creeps people out)  And if you don't have enough time to drink all the beer you want just grab a six pack or two and bring some home.  My only complaint is that they don't always have a cask beer available on tap, but with so many other options I can't hold that against them.
Great atmosphere to get some friends together. 
Large beer selection and specialty beers to take home!

Bathrooms are nasty.
Service is decent but the one thing that never fails me is the orange blossom. There is no other hefewiezen that comes close! Hooray for orange blossom beer!
Still one of my favorite watering holes! Fun, casual, unpretentious. Good beer, good pizza. Just awesome.
still one of the best....i was on my way to a buzz when we arrived, and those hoppy, heavy, delicious beers topped me off and made for an excellent meal in a glass!
Holy crap, the best hole in the wall hidden gem of a beer and pizza place.  Nestled in with a nightclub and improv theater place, Papago Brewing is a wonderful spot to get a good meal.  We always come here after a race in Phoenix, eating our weight in bread and never feeling guilty.

They have quite the tap list with excellent variety, also including their own brews.

If what's on tap doesn't sound appealing, they have 8 convenience store-style coolers with TONS of beer that you can purchase and drink with your meal.

Try the beer bites- little pieces of pizza crust smothered in herbs and parmesan cheese, served with two dipping sauces (you choose between ranch, thai peanut sauce, marinara, buffalo, etc).  They are excellent.

For dinner, my husband and I usually split a large garden salad and a large pizza.  
The salad is wonderfully fresh and chock full of veggies- tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and it comes with a good dose of dressing (on the side).  In my opinion, nothing is worse than getting a great big salad of awesme greens and only having a thimble full of bleu cheese dressing.  Come on, really?

We've had the Thai Chicken pizza, which is good but a little on the spicy side, and I also leave off the cilantro.  The other go-to is a make your own with ham, mushrooms and green chiles.  YUM.  The crust is thin, but not like cardboard, and the red sauce compliments the pizza, it doesn't overpower the dish.  

When they get busy, service can be a little slow, but we've been there in the middle of a U of A/ASU football game and it's never been really bad.  Patience is worth it in this place, the food and beer and atmosphere is just awesome.
So I read a lot of reviews before going and was expecting a mind blowing experience. Beer selection as others mentioned was great but the food was meh. When I think about a brewery I think of awesome french fries and meaty burgers. We tried beer bites and they were like flat bread sticks from little Cesars. 

-Takeaway: Cool for a good beer afterwork, if you want a great brewery with BOMB food go to Four Peaks or San Tan
of course we would end a night at papago...their beer and food is just so darn good!
I have heard good things about Papago from reviews online so while in Phoenix I decided to see how it could be rated higher than my local hole, The Falling Rock. I'm sorry and call me biased but the tap selection here is so weak I've seen more choices at yard house on the 16th street mall in denver. The bottle take out is a nice idea but the selection is meek at best. Not to mention i couldnt find anyone to help look for my beer that was seemingly not there. I haven't been to them all but while I'd give the falling rock in denver a 9.5/10 this place would barely reach a 5 and that just on selection alone.. Sorry guys.
THE premier craft beer destination in the Valley of the Sun.  If you want to try a beer you've never had, I guarantee you find new and different labels at Papago.    Decent pub grub and fair drink prices make this place an ultra-chill beer nirvana.
The first time I came here was during the day and it was filled with an older crowd and had this very divey feel to it, but the beer was good! Only complaint was the chips and salsa which didn't seem very homemade. Lol.

Decided to give it another shot and came in the evening for dinner and drinks. And wow! This place is awesome later in the day. Very good vibe and friendly staff. Lots of beer on tap. Pizza and sandwiches are also very tasty!

I now come here every couple weeks and will continue to return for dinner and drinks. Never been here past 10pm so not sure how it gets later in the night, but the dinner crowd and service is highly recommended!
Mmmmmmm.......Papago Orange Blossom...........

This gem is kinda hidden in the Papago plaza on the SW corner or Scottsdale Rd and McDowell. Pl-enty of seating available (2 rooms) and pl-enty of good brews. The taps change every so often, but some things are always available. Like the orange blossom, their most popular brew. So good. They also have a few fridges full of bottles in case youre not into whatever theyre featuring on tap. 

The staff is awesome. Nice, witty, and theyll help you pick out the perfect brew for you (dont be shy, just ask)!

Cant wait to come back and try the food as well.
Orange Blossom Ale - best weird beer I've ever had.  The sell this brew at the Yard House for those of us in the west valley.
Orange Blossom is my favorite! I really like coming here to have fun and relax with friends. They have so many beers to choose from its great. Tons of games to play and very spacious.
We love this place! I just wish we lived closer to it. This is becoming a standard hangout for my boyfriend and I, as we are total beer snobs. And this place fits the bill. Great pizza, but the reason you come here is for the beer! Not only do they make great beers (Coconut Joe and Orange Blossom, oh yeah) but their tap selection changes frequently and you can always find something good and usually something new to try. We love coming here to see what's new. I got a Papago beer club membership for Christmas, so I will definitely keep coming back!
Went on a Saturday mid-afternoon. The place had some people in it but unfortunately only two servers or one server and a bartender when we arrived. After a bit of a wait because of the lack of personnel we ordered a beer, which was the Orange Blossom. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Another lengthy wait later (probably 10-15min later) we were able to place our food order. We ordered the T-Rex Pizza, which is a meat lovers per se. The pizza was good, nothing extraordinary, probably not really worth the wait, but we were pretty hungry. The pizza wasn't really fully loaded, it could have used a lot more toppings. All in all the experience was as it says next to the stars A-OK.
again? of course. packed house last night but still great!
Walked in this evening about 6:15 excited to check it out and have a beer. What a waste of time! While it was busy, we managed to find two seats at the bar......and that is where our experience ended. I made eye contact TWICE with the bleach blonde bartender, a waitress or bartender with brown hair ...AND two male bar-backs/bartenders(?)...and NOTHING!  The two women thought the EMPTY table behind us... and the empty glasses on the bar required more attention than the two customers at the bar that were hungry and thirsty! TEN minutes later we walked out. A word of advice lady bartenders...just because I am a female....and am not checking out your ass & chest doesn't mean I don't tip well! Your loss.....and I will be sure to tell EVERYONE I know NOT to bother visiting your place of employment!
We dragged into Scottsdale after a long afternoon of fighting traffic and, after checking into our motel, started to look for a decent place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.

A bit of internet searching turned up Papago Brewing Company right next door to our motel. The extensive beer list sounded intriguing, and the menu of mostly pizza and sandwiches sounded like just what we needed after a tiring afternoon, so we headed on over.

First, a small warning...if you're using a GPS to navigate, be aware that it may land you a half a block away from the restaurant. We wandered around the block a couple of times before we figured out that the restaurant was located in the small Papago Plaza shopping center, on the corner of Scottsdale Road and McDowell Road.

Inside, it's pleasantly "pubby," with lots of wood and a combination of tables and counter seating. I liked the hundreds of beer tap handles decorating the rafters and exposed beams. The use of cardboard six-pack holders as silverware and napkin holders on the tables was also a nice touch.

We decided to order a large pizza topped with artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, and fresh basil for dinner (their pizzas only come in large and personal, and the large is a good bit too big for two, but our motel room had a fridge, so we decided what the heck...the leftovers would be good for breakfast!). The pizza came out promptly, and was just what the doctor ordered: thin, nicely crispy crust, tangy sauce, and just the right amount of cheese (I like my cheese a bit on the light side). I could have asked for a more liberal hand with the toppings, but that's just me. It was a really good pizza, and I'd order it again (and maybe just ask for a few more artichoke hearts and olives!).

To drink, we each had their signature Orange Blossom Ale...a wonderfully creamy wheat ale delicately infused with mandarin and vanilla, served with an orange slice on the rim. It was soooooo good! The orange and vanilla flavors perfectly complemented the slight sweetness of the wheat beer...nothing too sweet, but a perfectly harmonious combination. If I lived in the area, it would definitely be a favorite!

Service was prompt, helpful and friendly. Nothing to complain about there.

Should we find ourselves in the area again, we will definitely be repeat customers.
30 taps and yummy beer. I'm in.
Wow. This place is superb. It is hard to notice it if you are driving by, and unless you take the leap in and just go for it, you would think its a dive... Oh, but Papago is hardly that!

~Fud/Drink
On my second visit, I had the Orange Blossom beer. I didn't have it the first time, because I was an idiot. Being a non-idiot, I quickly ordered a pint, which subsequently went into my belly super quick. This is my personal favorite beer, no question about it. It is refreshing, yet smooth, has no bite or acidic after taste, and is great by itself or with a dish. Speaking of dishes, they make some mighty tasty bar food. I had a pizza on the first visit, which filled me up and was exceptional. On the most recent visit, I had the red pepper hummus, which surprised me in its above-par flavor. There is a variety of dishes available, all which will fill you up and give your beer a good stomach-fellow. They have so many beers on tap, you would be a fool not to find at least one that suits your fancy. This is a must-go for any beer fan, you will be very satisfied with the options in front of you.

~Atmosphere/Service~
Like I said, it seemed at first like a dive, being in a strip center without much signage, minus the outside glass job they did to the store-front. Inside is a lot of wood, which gives you the feel for an old-school bar and a Midwestern  feel. It feels inviting, and there more than enough space for you and some friends to chill at. There is also a side room I did not notice until now, that is available if there is a large crowd, so space issues aren't a concern. As for service, it seems to be about average. After waiting about 4 minutes for a server to come to me I simply walked up and ordered instead of waiting and getting upset. Eventually a seat opened up at the bar and the server helped me when I asked for another type of beer. They seem a bit busy, so you do have to ask for their attention. The waitstaff aren't rude, they just seem semi-attentive. I will service gauge this a bit more as I continue to come back. Overall, I am satisfied :)

~Extras/Rating~
I must suggest finding a seat at the bar if you are coming with another friend. It seems to mean much quicker service and also gives you an idea about selection of beers of course. Please also note the HUGE selection of carry-out beers they have in front of the bar itself. A huge huge selection, which is great if you are not near a Total Wine but want to select your own craft beer six pack. The bonus over Total Wine is that they are all cold! One sad downside is that they only serve the Orange Blossom in a Growler, no six pack avail for any of their beers. Oh well! Five Stars goes out to this place for the quality beers, inviting atmosphere, the tasty bar food that tastes fresh,  the large selection of take out beers, and for the best beer of them all: The Orange Blossom! This is the best brewery I have been to in AZ, its to be determined if another one can carry the weight that Papago has. Come and enjoy!
Great local tap and bottle selection. Good prices and good service. I couldn't be happier about this place. They even have numerous board and card games on hand if you need help passing the time.
In town for a meeting, I researched local brewpubs and decided to try Papago as it wasn't far from where I was staying. Don't let the declining strip mall location scare you off. Good food, good service, and a laid-back atmosphere make for a very good experience. 

I tried the Belgian pizza and a Papago El Robusto American porter. Both were excellent. They also have a great selection of other craft brews on tap, and an incredible bottle selection, many of which are hard to find elsewhere in the state. I just wish I didn't have an early meeting the next day or I would have tried a few more!
I have always really liked this little dark and dingy hole in the wall for the beer only.  Their food is not good.  There isnt anything good on the menu other than beer dont even bother with it cuz over the years my husband and I have tried about 5 different things and they all consistently sucked however, the beer made up for it.  Its not like a typical brewery like lets say a Gordon Biersch where they have a few they make all year round and then 1 seasonal beer.  Papago specializes in beer.   Local beer, micro breweries, from other countries, states etc. If you have never been here it is definitely something to experience.  Papago is only getting a 2 star from me because the food sucks now and always has but also because we had the worst service there ever today.  We walked in and it was a bit busier than it usually is during the afternoon.  There were no seats at the bar so we sat at a table close by and tried to be patient but the servers were actively ignoring us and other customers were going to the bar since they were unable to get service.  After about 10 minutes of waiting I said excuse me to the waitress that walked by.  She definitely heard me and she didnt care so I went to the bar and asked the man if there was anyone to take care of the tables he said sure be there in a minute.  I asked if I could get a coconut joe and if I could sample 1 of the other coffee beers so I could figure out which of the 2 coffee beers I would take home with me and I told him that.  He said sure no prob.  My husband asked for a sample of something and another beer.  This guy brought me a tiny little sliver of a sample.  It was maybe 2 tablespoons.  The other samples he brought were a little bigger around 4 tablespoons.  He misunderstood my husband and rather than bringing him a sample of the one he asked for the guy brought him a full beer so my husband tastes it doesnt like it but based on the servers really crappy attitude there was no way my husband was going to say anything.  So the guy asks me if I liked the sample and I asked him for a full beer of it and said I couldnt really tell because there wasnt much in that glass. He got a bit pissy you could tell.  He must not have realized I asked for a full beer because he went and got me another sample and I said oh thank you that was nice.  Trying to lighten his mood which it did seem to do for a second then he said oh I brought you the wrong one that was what my husband was drinking the one he didnt like.  I am guessing he did it on purpose and then re thought it when I was nice to him.  Anyway long story way longer when I got the bill he charged 1.84 each for these tiny little samples that we got one that was not even a sample it was more like sweat on the glass.  I wasnt havin that crap.  I am not a newb.  I have been here before dude.  I asked him whats this?  He said oh well we are supposed to charge for the sample I am just doing what I was trained to do.  I said wow ok I never knew you charged for samples I have come for years this is the first time someone charged for a sample.  He says well I dont normally do that when people buy a beer but you said that one sample was too small.  I said wow I could see it all over your face how pissed off and aggravated you were that we wanted to sample but honestly we didnt ask for much only 2 a piece and we did buy a beer we bought several and brought two growlers in to fill to bring home.  We had a $55 bill.  Is this guy insane?  I normally dont do that if you buy a beer?  Am I in the twitlight zone.  Yes I said TWITLIGHT.  What a freakin TWIT.  So the idiot twit said I am done with you.  Can you believe this ass said I am done with you?   To my face none the less.  When I told him I could read his body language about how pissed off he was that was when he said I am done with you.  Little Effer.  I am done with you dude and done with that little hole in the wall and the bad treatment.  This little effer twit almost had a $10 or more tip but instead we left there with a bad taste in our mouth, he got a $1 tip and Papago gets this crappy review.
Not the biggest menu for food, but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer I have ever tasted! Go here for the beer or even better go where they have it on tap!
If you like IPAs, you must try the Hopago IPA. So delicious - flavorful and a little sweet. I definitely preferred this over the Four Peaks Hop Knot. 

Anyway - this place is all about beer - from the tap handles they have lined all across the ceiling to the amazing bottled beer selection to the beers on draft. If you are a beer drinker, this is definitely the place to go and hang out.

(One downside - there are a couple dart boards, but the darts they offer are pretty weak, so bring your own or don't play after a couple beers.)
So I have been in to this place several times and I would normally say they are worth giving five stars but my last visit wasn't so great. 

There beer selection is one of the best! You can create your own six pack and even by growlers! The option to make your own six pack makes for a great gift! 

The location is kind of hidden but when you first walk in your pretty surprised to see how big the restaurant actually is. 

Food - is pretty good I'd give them a an "B"- Try a pizza so far I've had the best luck with those. The Margarita pizza is great and the T-Rex is great for those meat lovers!!

Beer- Beer I would give an A++ Amazing beers in bottles. You can seriously find something for everyone! Draft beers are also superb- they have about 26 beers on tap and they majority of them are seasonal or rotating drafts ( which also is awesome if you like to try new things) the main guy behind the bar (dirty blonde hair) is extremely knowledgeable!! Tell him what you like or what you are in the mood for and i would be surprised if he didn't meet your need on the first try! If you get the right bar tender he will also mix beers to your liking (kinda interesting). 

Staff - I've had both good and bad experiences so I'll give them a "B-"

The last time I was in was by far the worst experience I had. We sat at the bar and it took the guy (brown hair and glasses) around five minuets to even notice we were sitting right in front of him. He didn't even say "hello" he just handed us menus and walked away. (not the way to start off) a few minuets later he came back and stood behind the bar and was cleaning dishware (just looked at us but didn't ask us for your drink order) we had to ask to order some beer... After giving us both samples (which felt like pulling teeth) we both ordered a beer. He then continued with the glasses without saying a word. as we looked over the menu and decided what we were going to eat we once again had to get his attention to take our order then again he turned around without saying a word. We both finished our beers (empty glasses) while he was standing right in front of us didn't ask if we wanted another beer or water... anything.. we hadn't even had our food yet so obviously we wanted another drink. Once again we had to get his attention to get another beer. After our food came out we enjoyed our entire meal without him coming over once to ask if everything was okay (my boyfriend actually had to get up and get napkins and silverware because he didn't offer us any when our food came). 

All in all I was totally confused by our experience this time around. the fact that we had to basically wave a red flag in front of his face to get his attention through our entire visit, the fact he didn't once make any attempt to make conversation ( you are a bartender/server isn't it your job to make customers feel comfortable and have an enjoyable experience?) I would have totally understood if this would have been a crazy busy night but It was a Monday night and the restaurant wasn't even remotely busy... it was odd.

I'll be back again to bring out-of -towners ( they always love this place) but until then I don't think I'll be back soon.
If you live in south Scottsdale or ASU region of Tempe and have not been here you need to go. They have games, darts, billiards, board, they have food to order and of course they have beer. Along with their own brews (which are very good) they have guest brews on tap that make them have one of the better selections in the valley. They also have fridge cases with bottled beer to go or to stay and they're a friendly enough staff. Just a good place to meet up with friends and have some good drinks, do yourself a favor and visit if you're in the are I'm sure you won't be let down.
If you like beer this is the place for you. A friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer. At any time they have 30 beers on tap and rarely the same twice(except their personal brews and local favorites). The food is surprisingly good for somewhere you wouldn't think has a kitchen, and plenty of seating. The clincher was the to go section in the back. Six full size coolers with tons of ice cold import and domestic micro brews. You gan grab a six pack to go or have the bartender open a bottle and enjoy it there. I think I found my new home...
I LOVE this place, have been coming for years.  Amazing beer and good food.  The only thing keeping it from that 5th star is the service!  I recommend bringing cash and going to the bar for every beer (even then you may not get great service).  I have sat there for what seems an eternity before we get service. 
It's a great atmosphere to play games or meet up with a large group.  It can get a little loud if there are a lot of people and the jukebox is going but they do have a new extension area that is a little quieter (however, there is no service in there at all). 
My favorite thing on the menu is the mozzarella sandwich and the beer bites with peanut dipping sauce.
The More beers the better!!
This place is great. The beer selection is amazing and the food tastes awesome. I stop by every time i'm in town for some beers, food, and (multiple) growlers to take home with me. I also make sure to bring all of my friends to check it out when they're with me! They too also stop there whenever they're in town now :)

Go to Papago once and you'll definitely be hooked...be sure to try the Orange Blossom beer...it's basically one of the best beers ever brewed. Just saying.
This place is more like a sports bar than anything. They got the game playing, tons of beers in bottles. And they got a pretty interest line up of beers on draft. I wanted to try their IPA, but they didn't have any more on draft. They substituted for another IPA, so all is well. They had a wheat beer that tasted like captain crunch(yes the cereal), that was kind of cool.
3.5 stars

They have a huge selection of bottled beer and around 15 beer on draft. It's a very low key spot where you can come with some friends and just hang out and enjoy some beer. Tried the orange blossom (very fruity) and chocolate stout which was really good.
Four stars for the BEER and layout, but NOT for the pizza. 

Killing time before a flight back home, we stopped in looking for a good brew and certainly found it here. The selection was great. Heavy on the west coast and mountain breweries. We had papagos coconut coffee and their American black ale. The coconut coffee was beyond belief. Very refreshing for a coffee beer, the coconut tasted natural and not overly sweet while the coffee tied the beer together, balancing it out at the finish. We loved it, and were surprised because we usually don't go for beers that run the risk of being gimmicky. American black ale was less noteworthy besides that it filled its own style category. It was a solid all around east-drinking dark beer similar to a brown ale without the sometimes cloying maltiness of one.

Now the pizza... We had read reviews that led us to believe it was great, so we ordered a custom green chile-cilantro-roasted garlic. It came out fast and upon seeing it we both cringed at the pat of melted cheese and sparse toppings. It was like a teaspoon of chile was sinking in an gallon of glop. The crust was do undercooked that I couldn't even hold the slices. Cooking it more would have helped improve its consumability, but then there was the sauce. It was overly sweet and unidimensional flavored excessively by oregano. The entire pie was reminiscent of a frozen pizza with an extra half pound of cheese on top.
$20 for that makes it yet harder to stomach.

So 4 stars for the beer and atmosphere, but we were saddened to waste half the pie and even sadder that our appetites for more of the beer were ruined by the food we did try to force down knowing we had a long flight ahead! I don't know what the Scottsdale pizza scene is like, but can people here really think its "pretty darn good" as I have read in numerous beer advocate reviews????
Love the vibe of this place! Eclectic people who love beer and great food! Friendly service. I enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella salad! It was fun to look at wide variety of beers. (I am not a beer drinker!) when I told some local friends I had been there they raved about the orange blossom!
The orange blossom beer is the best!  I've never tried the food here, only the beers.  I love that you can get a growler of your favorite to take with you.
My wife and i frequent Papago Brewing quite often, its best to go when theres not many people there yet as its much easier for the waitstaff to get to you, which is my only complaint. We have probably been close 40-50 times now and their wait staff is in desperate need of an overhaul, ranging from being VERY rude with one of them, to being lazy or forgetful from another. any time we go if they are slightly busy there is always some slow down for us where we order a beer and 25 minutes passes before i have to go up to the bar to order them again!  HOWEVER, the server "Joe" does not fall into this category we have dealt with him several times and he is more than attentive, never forgets we are there or what we ordered, and is always very happy to see us again.

Their food- Their pizzas are the way to go when coming to Papago. They are never the same the next time you get them because they use beer in the dough, and because their beer lineup changes weekly their pizzas do to. we have gone and had absolutely superb pizza an gone other times when it was just above average so give them a chance.

Their Beer- Pretty much what keeps us coming back, not only are their house beers amazing, they always have new stuff every week most of which is hard to find on tap. Oh and make sure you bring home a growler of their Orange Blossom, its amazing.

all in all i gave them 4 stars just because the waitstaff (mainly the women) are less than Par, one in particular was very rude on the 3 occasions that she has served us so im pretty sure it was more than just "having a bad day". if they had more servers like Joe, Papago would be a solid 5 stars in my book
A good variety of tap beers, including stuff that is hard to find anywhere. And a very good selection of chilled bottles that you can buy and take with you. Also, the happy hour prices were very decent, $4.41 I think for a pint of non-premium beer, but really only the high octane or rare stuff is what they priced as premium. Finally, the bartender, I don't recall his name, knew his beer. Overall, a good beer experience.
Had no idea that I would find a brewery tucked away in this shopping center. There is a giant case of beers which people can walk over to and pick out for purchase. I sat at the bar and tried a few beers on the tap. Both my choices were great including the Orange Blossom and the Coconut Coffee Stout. As usual, a whole bunch of regulars at this place, but only about 8 seats at the main bar. Probably could use another TV set at bar also, but very good beers and I only sampled two of about 25 on tap.
First off it does not stand out in anyway. I was looking for a big brewery and it's just a small spot in a plaza. The decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar. I sat down and looked over the beer list, 25-30 beers on tap which is cool.  My friends rave about the pizza here so I was going to order the T-Rex, but my waitress passed by me 7 times and didn't care to take my order. After that I lost interest and didn't want to eat here anymore and finally flagged her down, paid for my beer and left.

As for the Orange Blossom, if you ever wondered what a creme soda would taste like in beer form this is it. Not a fan.
I've been to Papago and handful of times and love the low-key tavern like environment. I have only tried their Orange Blossom Beer- It is tasty. I want to go back and try their food.
Excellent beer selection. Also, they allow you to take beer to go- offering the best selection of to-go bottled beers I have seen in a long time.
Excellent service & the atmosphere is great! It was busy and we were greeted right away by a waitress. I was the only female in my group & the bartender was very patient & provided excellent beer recommendations. We will definitely be coming back!
This is my favorite local, neighborhood bar to grab a beer. The environment is mellow and laid back--the perfect place to unwind after a crazy day. They have a great beer selection, and the staff is generally very friendly and knowledgeable. Can't beat the Orange Blossom! Also love the jukebox.

It seems like it takes a while to get food once you order it, but prices are fair, and I'm never really in a hurry when I get there. Doesn't bother me.
Great beer. Not so great food and service. I always go here on Thursday nights before and/or after a show at Jesterz next door. I absolutely love the Papago Orange Blossom, but the problem is the service and the food. The first thing I thought was weird was the fact that they are a bar but they do not serve regular burgers, chicken tenders, or french fries. One time I ordered a pizza and waited 30 minutes before I called the waitress over and she claimed I had never ordered anything. The next time I ordered the meatball sliders and I basically paid 10 dollars for 3 meatballs and a bag of chips. I like the environment but it can get really noisy when busy. I would recommend this place to grab a beer at but would not recommend for food or service.
Extensive beer selection and laid back spot.
Papago really is a great place.  Dozens of tap handles, hundreds of beers in the cooler and a basic but quite good menu.

The ONLY thing keeping that 5th star away, is that the place has a dirty feel.  

Not old or modest or even run down from years of use, like a dive bar,  but like sanitation is not of the utmost importance. 
 
Too many sticky /  fingeprinted / splattered looking things for 5 stars.
Lots of beer on draft. Lots of beer in bottles for purchase. My husband had a pizza, which he enjoyed. I had a salad which was decent. For the size of the salad, the amount of dressing was pathetic. It looks like not a single staff-person has cleaned this place since it opened. Not overly impressed.
Conflicted on this review but I am going to stick to my guns.  I am a HUGE fan of Papago beers and love that they have 25-30 on top plus 7682763 beers (not actual number) in bottles that you can drink there or take home.  It is extremely loud inside which some nights can be tolerable but if you get a table of guys shouting at each other it can be distracting if you are looking to hang with friends.

My meh review comes from the food.   Their menu has a lot of variety and everyone loves pizza right?  I ordered the Pretzel which itself was amazing, just the right amount of chewy and fluffy.  The cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish.

I also ordered the California BLT salad and here is where more disappointment came in.  I ordered the  1/2 size which was a huge portion but it really did disappoint.  The avocado slices on the salad were not ripe and were rock hard.  The diced chicken was so bland and dry it tasted like it had been boiled.  The worst part was the bacon.  It was clearly the kind of pre-cooked, thin sliced bacon you can buy in the store.  The whole thing was pretty half assed with ingredients that aren't that difficult to make.

Over all I wanted to give 5 stars but the place gets 5 stars for beer, 3 for ambiance because of how loud it gets and a solid 1 on the food.  I know it is a brewery and I should expect much in regards to food but come on, it's not that hard.
You know, I'm going to keep this simple.

If you're looking for a good selection of beer on draft, go here.

If you're looking for beer AND food, look for other options.

Came here at lunch time with some co-workers and wasn't impressed by the limited menu, at all. Food was decent but I have experienced much much better food from other breweries.

The Octoberfest that was on draft, was fantastic. Because of that I will give 3 stars, though I would love a 2.5 star option.
One of my favorite places!  Incredible beer selection, shuffleboard, good A/C; what more could you possibly want?
Great beer selection, staff was very friendly.  Itailian sandwich a bit high priced, but very good. Will go back
This is pretty much a local joint.  Nothing wrong with that but don't expect a Gordon Biersch.  They have a nice selection of drafts and a huge selection of cold bottles.  I had a pizza that was decent.  Both the staff and customers are very welcoming of non-locals so if you are in the area, it is worth the stop.
I wouldn't recommend this place. The bar hasn't been cleaned in who knows how long. The coolers are disgusting. This was a terrible experience! If I was an owner I'd be appalled at the condition this place is in.  Absolutely disgusting. I should submit the photos I took to the health board. Filthy establishment.
The service here is terrible. The beer selection is awesome and the food is good, so I keep coming back. Just don't expect them to visit your table very often.
Best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer.  

1/2 orange blossom and 1/2 Elsie's is amazing.  They brew great beer at Papago or you could try something from the coolers or rotating taps.
I mean, I'm a regular.  I clearly enjoy it here. The darts in the front are my favorite....along with Orange Blossom like everyone else and their mother.  It's so good I could brush my teeth with it. 

The food is nothing to write home about, but the pizza is pretty decent.  The spin dip is....just.....bleh.  Just stick with pizza and beer.  I do like that I can pick up a growler of orange blossom on the way home.  I also really enjoy playing shuffle board in the back room.  Oh another thing I really enjoy....the board games.  They have JENGA! Hell yeassss!

It's a great place, in a tiny strip mall, with great beer.  Who'd a thunk it ?!  Pretty much everyone has been here so I don't think it takes too much explaining on why it's fantastic.  So to sum it up....games, beer, games...beer.  Enjoy!
I really can't add much that hasn't already been said.  If you love good beer, and being around people who love good beer, this place is THE BEST.  We always have great service and most recently we tried the white pizza and it was delicious.  I wish we lived closer.  Or, maybe it's good that we don't live closer.   One of our favorite places in the Phoenix area for sure.
Horrendous service - went based on a  recommendation from friends. It was hard to find, and should have stayed hidden. 

The service was horrible - I rarely leave less than 20%, but this time it was warranted. The bartender refused to acknowledge my partner and I, and we were sitting in the bar area. She seemed overwhelmed. The menus that she finally gave us were sticky. It took her about another 10 minutes to get our beers. The pizza came before our beers, and there weren't a lot of people that she was helping.

Horrible pizza with a sweet sauce, tons of unmelted cheese, and extremely thick crust. Now mart of that may be personal preference to have a thin crust, but at least everything on the pizza should melt, and it should not be a mix of sweet and savory.

Stay away from their beers on tap - all of them were extremely sweet. If you do find yourself here, go for the variety of beer from different breweries in the cases.
Three words: Papago Orange Blossom! Great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town. They have a pint of the week and also features an extensive take out beer selection. Of course I can never turn away from the usual choice of Papago Orange Blossom. I take a growler of it home every time, that's how good it is.

I've got shirts, growlers and even tap handles from Papago so trust me when I say it's a must stop if in the neighborhood. Don't be fooled by the strip mall that looks abandon type of vibe. It may be tricky to find but worth the look.

Added bonus they have darts, shuffleboard, and board games all for free!!
I very seldom write negative reviews but unfortunately this one was needed. I went to Papago on a Wednesday night, there were probably 20 or so people in there. I sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu. 30 minutes later someone finally came up to me and asked what I wanted to drink and I ordered one of their beers. It came out pretty quick but the waitress just dropped it off fast and left. I finished the beer in about 10 minutes and wanted to order food and another drink but no one ever came back to help me. Other tables around me were being waited on and that same waitress (Younger blonde, don't know her name since she never told me nor even cared to serve me) was visiting them but not coming to me.

I ended up sitting there for over an hour from the last time she came to see me. She never even came back to give me a bill. After that, I put the money for the beer on my table and walked out. I have never had service so bad before. Too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer. It is not like they were slammed or anything, just poor service. I unfortunately will not be back due to this experience.
Don't let the strip mall location fool you!

Papago takes their craft beer very, very seriously. Since I've only indulged in liquid calories here, I can't speak to the food...and thus I shall not. So back to the beer! They boast an impressive 30 rotating taps of draft beer and apparently don't repeat drafts so you never see the same lineup. Judging by all the draft taps lining the walls and scattered throughout the interior of the bar, they have indeed gone through a lot of beer. They also claim to have over 500 different bottled beers to drink on site or take home for some enjoyment later on. There is a good amount of cooler space full of brews so I'll take their word for it! 

However, they don't only sell the wares of others, they also brew their own beer on site. Score! They offer flights of three drafts, so while I was there I opted for the apparently world famous Orange Blossom ale (a wheat ale), the Hopago (an IPA), and Oude Zuipers (a Belgian strong ale). The Orange Blossom ale didn't blow my socks off like it apparently does for the locals (I think I'm just not an orange brew kind of guy), but all the drafts were tasty and well done. 

The interior of Papago is pretty wide open with ample seating throughout, a small bar with some seating, and darts and other pub games scattered throughout. Service is seemingly not very speedy or attentive, but it's not terrible (or at least it was not the day that I visited). 

Oh, for the non-hopheads, they do offer a few different wines as well. 

If I lived locally, I know I'd be visiting this magical strip mall regularly.
A craft beer heaven. Food is bomb too when you get the drunk munchies :)
Horrid service time and time again.  Great food and great beer once you do get it.  

The decor and lighting is not amenable to long waits and feels like some dude's basement which is really a disservice to people that have to wait long periods of time to be ignored.

Don't like this review?  Take it up with your consistently bad servers--enough people have consistently complained.
Dropped by here on my way out of Arizona to see a friend. She thought I would like this place and I did. No pretentiousness, variety of crowd, and one of the best beers Iv'e had in recent memory- The Orange Blossom Ale sparked my interest, and the server informed me it was the most popular choice. It had a balanced flavor similar to a blue moon but 3 times better. The beers are big 20 oz pours and the prices are around 5 dollars each. I didn't get to try the food, but based on the fun time I had, I would absolutely come here again.
Went here because my apartment manager recommended it and gave me a voucher for 15% off.  They ended up honoring the 15% coupon after the waitress ran it by her manager, so that was good.  Also, I give the food a 4 out of 5 star rating as it was really enjoyable and provided me with some leftovers.  Nice airy, open, clean interior.  I'll check it out again sometime.
I would give this place four stars based on the beer selection and food quality, but each time I've gone, the service has been sub par either due to inattentiveness or simply being understaffed. That being said, the beer selection is fantastic! One of my favorites is the orange blossom, which has a subtle vanilla taste. The food is great as well. My boyfriend and I usually get the soft pretzels with cheese fondue and the buffalo chicken pizza. The quantities are generous. Overall, I would definitely recommend Papago brewing as long as you aren't super hungry or in a rush.
We've gone in here a couple times when we've stayed at a nearby hotel and have to admit the service is s..l..o..w.  But the beer selection is always great and while slow the service is still friendly.  The first time we were put off by the building being in a strip mall but once inside it is a comfy, laid back, cool place.  I haven't tried the food but it looks and smells really good.  While I can understand the frustration in having to wait to be helped, we go in knowing we will have to be patient and it pays off in the end when you have a tasty cold beer in your hands.  We will be back.
Their Orange Blossom Beer is absolutely delightful and it goes well as a vinaigrette on their salads too. Service is spotty, but the beer is quite good with lots of tap choices. The food is okay, nothing to write home about but good enough for a little pub. There is only one big-screen TV here so if you're going to watch a game just know that in advance. There are racks outside for your bicycle, and you can even buy a 6-pack to go. Nice.
I really enjoy this place. It's quiet, cozy, and has really interesting decor. The beer selection is AMAZING!!! I try to have a different brew every time I order, but when the coconut stout is in, I have 2 of them...ok maybe 3. I have only had the pizza but it's been good each time. 
The service can be really slow sometimes and they don't routinely refill the waters. I've even ordered a beer when the waitress brought the ones we already ordered, that way I knew we wouldn't be waiting so long for the next round.
Though the service is lacking, the brews are spot on. The Orange Blossom is a staple at this place. Crisp and refreshing any time of year. Coconut Joe is another favorite of mine. The pizzas are great too! They have an expanded menu now too, the beer bites are fantastic and again, the pizza...specifically the T-Rex.pizza. if you like meat, do it.
Beer aficionado paradise!

This ugly southwestern strip mall houses this hidden gem.  Literally you can barely see it- I've been here over 5 times yet always do a double drive by!

You walk in and you're wondering "did I walk into a lumberjack's grocery store?" Wood paneling everywhere, people with bears, and old TVs that aren't even flat screen.  The only plus is that there is a nice bar area backed up by a wall of chilled beer to purchase & take home. So how is this place 5 stars?!?

The beer!  The pizza!  Every time I come here I force my group to get a large buffalo chicken pizza.  By far the best I've had.  Little pockets of blue cheese, chicken, buffalo sauce, and celery give each bite a different yummy combo.

My favorite beer of all time is Papago orange blossom!  Fortunately they carry it some cool places around town but this is the true home.  My friends had fun choosing beer as well.  Amazing beer list!
Great beer selection but that's about it. Sketchy crowd, dungeon-like lighting and weird music selection.
The only element that ever changes around here is taplist and the selection was outstanding, per usual, yesterday afternoon.  Oh yeah, and they remembered to place our food order...good times.
I want to like this place but I just don't. This is my third time here and everytime service has been slow at best. Moved all day today and wanted to take my parents out for lunch so we chose Papago. We sit down and were told we couldn't split checks at one table unless we each provide a credit card which was strange we were one of two tables in the building. my parents were served a coconut Joe at over 60 degrees and when I asked about it they said oh sorry our compressor is not working. A craft beer bar without a working cooler? I ordered pulled pork sliders and  chips and the sliders were tasty but for 11 bucks served on a plastic tray and a bag of store bought chips? there are far better values around the valley that have homemade food served on real plates. Like I said I want to like this place I read about it in national magazines like Draft and others but from my three experiences there are far better craft beer bars around the valley with homemade food, faster service and better prices.
Excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere.  Love that they have some games to play too.
I agree with comments about the ugliness of the strip  mall exterior of Papago Brewing, but this is a fine example of why not to judge a book by its cover.  Inside, an open,fun atmosphere awaits with a great selection of microbrews, local and otherwise.  The food looked good but I didn't get to sample it on my visit.  There were games on hand to play at your table (Jenga, trivia,etc).  I had the Huss That'll Do IPA and it was great.   Truth be told, you'd be hard pressed not to find something you like as they rotate about 30 different taps.  My only complaint had to do with the server regarding recommendations -- I get it, you only serve good beer here, but if I ask what the current favorite is or what you (as in, you the server) prefer, an honest answer does me more good than your telling me "they're all excellent".  

Anyways, this was definitely good and worth another visit!  Will have to eat something next time!
Simply put, 5 stars for the beer selection, 4 for service, 2 for food and space. More texture...the beer selection is excellent they know there stuff and are very helpful with selection. The tap beer provenance, with at least our choices were solid, and there are hundreds of chilled bottled beers available as well. Well played. The food on the other hand was a disappointment. Bland, boring and prepared with little care. Lazily prepared Quesadilla was burnt, and the salad looked bagged and tired.

Go for the beer, stay for the...beer.
Three stars for beer, service sucks and the food is typical bar food, again service sucks, no really, it really sucks.
We love Papago's Orange Blossom beer which we usually enjoy at a nearby restaurant.  Today we decided to try out the brew pub because we are looking for a fun destination place with good beer and food. It was Saturday 1:30 pm.  We sat down within 15 ft of the bar and was passed by the waitress at least 3 times including when she picked something up from the counter right next to my husband.  After waiting 20 minutes she finally stopped and asked what we wanted to drink, we had to ask for menus and no water was offered. When she finally returned I wanted to try something new so told her my preferences and asked her for a suggestion.  
She seemed inconvenienced and made a suggestion which I agreed to quickly.  I'm not sure what she brought me but it tasted like Budweiser and never bothered to ask if I liked it during our stay.  We ordered pork sliders and an appetizer to share.  After a 30 minute wait we received our food and the sliders were meatball.  After another 10 min I was able to catch her attention and told her we had requested pork sliders, she replied "yeah, those are meatball"...like she already knew, or didnt' care that it was wrong.  My husband said that was okay he would keep them (we had waited so long already).  On the bill she did change the charge to meatball.... HOWEVER, we did not want meatball sliders (tasted like store bought meatballs on 3" mini-pretzel buns)...and taking a bit more off the bill would have been smart business.  We were not asked if we wanted another round, if the food was okay, or if we needed anything.   The bill was $30 and not worth half that. The seating is limited to wo
oden chairs, not comfortable for more than an hour.  All in all, it was disappointing.
This place came recommended by a friend. I went and was not impressed by the parking lot....double checked to make sure my doors were locked. Went in- nice little place, great beer selection in the cooler. Ordered the little Joe coconut coffee stout made on-site. SO GOOD ordered another. We had the Margarita Pizza and the Caprese Crisp to boot. Both were excellent brew-pub style food. Good food, good beer, good friends, good times etc. The wait for the food was a bit long but the beer was right on time and lets face it.......my priority was the beer at that point. I'll be going back for sure. Would have given it a 5th star if the service on the food was faster. Wait staff was very knowledgeable too.
I didn't try any of their own beers, but I was able to try some Odell's that was on draft (not available in San Diego) and we chose a few good bottles from their fridges...very good selection of bottles to choose from. 

My only complaint is the lack of transparency in terms of pricing. They don't have a master bottle list (that's fine, I'm sure the availability changes rapidly), but they also didn't have the prices on the bottles, which I found odd. I have a rough estimate of how much most of those bottles should cost, but I want to be sure I'm not getting hosed here. I inquired about a bottle that isn't available most places (a FiftyFifty Eclipse from 2012), since those bottles are only distinguishable by the color of their wax tops, and even that can vary based on the year. I asked if they knew which specific style it was and got an "I'm not sure" in response. It would have been nicer to hear "Let me find out for you...", but hey, whatever, that's what smartphones are for. I was able to look it up in about a minute, and since it was one I hadn't yet tried, thought it might be a good time to give it a shot. I know how much the bottles retail for, so I asked how much that bottle would cost, and the answer was "Are you drinking it here?". Again, kind of odd, since I'm still not sure how the location that it's opened affects the price. I asked what the difference in price would be, and the employee heads over to the computer to let me know. He says drinking it there would be "about $35", but taking it to go would be "about $32". His co-coworker hears this and corrects him saying that it's $30 to go. 

Huh? The price is reasonable for that bottle, but why the almost 20% price difference based on where I drink it? I get a discount for NOT drinking in your bar? Am I getting charged a $5 fee to use your glassware? Something about this still seems weird to me.
Beer is good, service is great always helpful.  Need to come around more often as there are so many to choose from.
Atmosphere a 2 out of 5 and there beer own beer on tap not many choices so it's a 2 service is 3.
I love coming to breweries when I visit a new city. This one didn't disappoint. The location kind of sucked--in a strip mall some blocks away from the downtown Scottsdale action. I still think it's worth a trip. Great beer selection--both local and not. They only have a couple they brew themselves and I wouldn't recommend them, to be honest. They have TVs to watch sports, darts, and board games just lying around. Really fun. I can speak highly for the pizza but didn't try anything else. Good place.
Orange Blossom. Several of them. 

I love everything about this bar - friendly staff, 30+ craft brews on tap (plus 100s of bottles you can buy), and the food looks good too!
Not sure why this place is regarded so highly around here. It's more of a dive bar than a brewery. Service is unprofessional. More than 3 times, they ran out of the particular beer that I wanted on tap even though it was on the menu. Food was alright. Beer wasn't spectacular.
Stopped in for lunchtime beers and snacks on Saturday. Tried the nachos and the Thai chicken pizza here this time.   The nachos were pretty weak.  Bland chips and processed cheese.  The pizza was pretty good, though.  Per usual, the beer selection was good but our server was pretty much oblivious to the beers available.  She wasn't able to answer any of our questions and had no recommendations.  I still like this place, but the food's hit or miss.
Love the beer. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Service can use some work.  It's not a hurry up n grab a bite n drink type of place. Highly recommended tho.
Been to  Papago several times but it's been almost a year since my last visit.  Heck checking my old photos I have several in front of the padre statue, but I realized that I never reviewed PBC so here it is!

As most of my brewery reviews go, I love local craft breweries. I find myself pretty much only drinking local beers when I'm around town and my fridge only holds local beers. That saying Papago is a good brewery. Why not great brewery?? Well that has to do with my love of actual beer that the local brewery actually brews and carries. 

On my visit today I was highly disappointed that they only had 2 beers of their own. That said, they had like 30 other tap beers which was great. But I can go to yard house or another big chain brew pub to get a lot of different beers. It's just so much special to drink a beer that the brewery made. 

We ordered the orange blossom for my wife. I'm not a fan of flavored beers, but I can see why this is their marquee beer. Lite, Creamy, fresh. Great beer, I just personally couldn't drink more than a few sips but that's my personal preference. 

Founders brewery just had a release party here so they had several of their beers. From what our server said they don't ever serve out side of Michigan so it was a big deal they were here. Their IPA and Rye were excellent!

Best thing about Papago is the beer fridge where you can buy mix and match bottles and cans of beers on the go. We ended up making our own 6 pack to go. 

Overall Papago does have the charm of a local brewery. I can see how people just want to sit and enjoy beer and enjoy good company. For that it easily gets 4 stars. So when they have more beer of their own in tap I may update my review. Guess I was a lil miffed that they didn't have their Irish milk stout on tap today!! Oh well, still a great brewery and worth the visit!
We are definitely fans!  Came back for another visit since we were in the area again and I have to say service has improved tremendously!  Everyone was eager to help us and they were all very friendly without being annoying.  We have yet to try the food, next time.
Papago brewery is amazing! Great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from.... I'm like a kid in a candy store! The atmosphere is welcoming and casual. It's the kind of place to spend a happy hour or two or three with friends and family. Come check it out! You won't be disappointed.
Great place to kick back and have a few craft beers and scarf down awesome pizza!
Tasty selection of draft beers that are on constant rotation and an amazing selection of bottled varieties that are a sight to behold. 

The pizza is pretty darn tasty too!
I like Papago Brewing.

However, I have one issue with this place, and despite the fact this is a pretty BIG issue I'm still giving them 4 stars. That issue...it seems like every time I've come here (and admittedly, it's only been a handful of times & this last time was the first time since I moved back to AZ, which was nearly a year ago) they're always out of a pretty good portion of the beers listed on tap. 

I mean, even with that being the case they still have a very large selection (they also have several bottled beers), but it's still a little frustrating to have to "settle" for something that's not your first choice. 

Other than that this place is great. I like the divey-pub atmosphere & the board game options. The service is fine & the people who work here all seem nice. 

This last time I was here I had the hummus, which was really yummy. They give you a lot of pita & veggies to go with it, and as strange as it sounds, the pita here is like, really good! It's warm & soft.

Papago Brewing is kind of in a strange location (strip mall mostly surrounded by manicure, massage, yoga type places), but honestly, it's kind of nice to have a place like this in the neighborhood. 

Being out of beers on tap aside, this is a really great place!
Love the wide range of bottled choices available for in restaurant drinking and take home options. The pizza and appetizers are enough to keep you coming back! It's a laid back atmosphere so feel free to bring a deck of cards or utilize their dart or shuffle boards. Staff is knowledgable about beer slection and can make some recommendations, if necessary.
Great food and beer, ownership cares and responds quickly to any and all feedback!
This place has some of the best service i've seen. They made my pizza wrong, and before it came out they let me know what was going on and bought me a drink for waiting ~5 minutes after my friends got their food. The pizza was okay, nothing too crazy, but not awful.
got the pretzel bites and hummus and an orange blossom ale. Food was excellent the pretzel bites sauce I liked the best was the peanut sauce. Highly recommend this place
This place is great.  Keep in mind if I were just rating the beer, this place would get 5 stars.  This place always has a FANTASTIC selection of brews.  The food is pretty good, not great and it's got a divey atmosphere.  The beer chess has remanants of old patron's beers... ugh, but this place is fun and caters to like every type of beer taste.  Ignore the strip mall location, and enjoy.
When you walk in the place kinda smells like a Chuck E Cheese. Ordered a flight of 3 of their beers, wasn't super impressed. The Orange Blossom was probably the best one, but I don't think I could drink a whole one. The staff was nice and the beer fridge is pretty impressive.
I love beer.  So while on a weekend snowbird holiday (myself frm Seattle and my partner from Chicago) I decided to check out the great beer of Arizona.   Yelp indicated this was the closest brewery to the resort I was staying at.  I was disappointed to find out that they not only didn't brew their beer at this location, but they didn't have a wide selection of their beer.  On the upside they had an amazingly large tap selection along with a massive bottle offering.  Staff is very knowledgeable on the beer and superb recommendations. We told him our pallets and every time the beer was delicious.

We also ordered food.  The pizza here was very good, I highly recommend it.  I also loved the feel of being a dive bar even though it was in a shopping center.  Oh yea, it's in a shopping center.   We were confused too.  To be 100% honest, this was the best place I went to on my weekend in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good craft beer and a low light dive.
Immediately when we walked in and had a horrible feeling about this place. Awful ambiance and bad location. The music playing was 50s music which doesn't make sense for a bar. The server walked passed us multiple times without acknowledging us. Eventually she did and she was very rude. With all the restaurants available in scottsdale, I would definitely pass on this one. Skip it and grab sushi at Bei right down the road.
Love Papago Brewing! Just when you think you can't find a better "chick beer" than the Peach deliciousness at Four Peaks, you try the Orange Blossom from Papago Brewing and the game is forever changed! All the beers that they brew are great. Also, it has a great vibe; it's such an awesome regular bar, you know what I mean? Like the kind of bar where you might actually meet someone that you'd want to date, who knew those still existed? I came here yesterday with a friend and was pleasantly surprised to see a lot of young professionals unwinding and having a good time. They have darts and I think (if my memory serves correctly) they also have shuffleboard in the other room. The food is pretty good too but honestly this place is more about the beer (duh, it's a brewery!) than anything else. It's across the street from SkySong which is nice for people in the office because it doesn't seem like there are too many other places around for after work happy hour. I recommend! It's a cool place and probably great for taking out-of-towners.
This was my favorite place to stop by for a relaxed night of good conversation, food, and a drink. My favorite beer here is the Oude Zuippers (spelled something like that). I actually think this place has great food too (a lot of people seem to say that they have good beer but not good food, but I disagree!). I LOVE their Caprese Crisp, the citrus salad,and the pizzas.
I have seen Four Peaks grow from a small bar to a full on restaurant over the years.  Good beer.  Good food.  Reasonable prices.  What more can you ask for?  I reserved one star because it has lost a little something over the years for me...  I liked it more when it was a small college hangout.  I like the Tempe original way more than its Scottsdale sister, which blows.  Stick to the original.
Definitely my favorite place to go to in Tempe whenever I am there and especially when I lived there.  I was one of the lucky ones who started going there the week they opened and what seemed like every week there-after until I moved about two years ago.  When I have been back, I've been saddened to see how hard it is just to get a table outside.  The service has always been so-so, but the food, beer and music have always been excellent.  Kiltlifter and 8th Street are my favorite beers and for some reason I love the garlic cheese beer bread as simple as it is.  

I've been to the one in Scottsdale and it is not nearly as cool as the original.  

Do they still have the pumpkin decorating contest around Halloween?    Great times.  Hope to visit again soon.
oh the glory days back at Four Peaks! I loved this place when i lived in Tempe. I was there at least once a week, and i always go when i visit. All their food is excellent including their desserts. The spinach and artichoke dip and the fish and chips are super good. The peach beer which is seasonal is amazing and refreshing. The patio is one of the nicest places to sit, so chill.
Ever since my brother moved here and took me here on my first night, I crave Four Peaks Brewing Co wicked hard. Now that I have moved here to Tempe from Boston, after landing on terra firma after a long flight with a drugged escapist cat, I muttered Four Peaks, Four Peaks. 

I love how huge and industrial it is when you first come in-something this gigantic just wouldn't be possible in Boston unless it was in a crackhead loft. The bar is gigantic and there are plenty of tables (mostly high ones) indoors, but I love going to the deck outside with the umbrellas since smoking is permitted out there (horrible vice, I know). 

Their beer is truly fresh and outstanding-their Peach beer is legendary, but every single one is amazing. Their sampler is gigantic and recommended before a cross-country flight. A mix of people, seems like college kids but plenty of late-20s to mid-30s at night. Their pizza is gooood, always have some left over. I tried their garden burger without the cheese or hot sauce and was amazed at how good it was. It had FRESH sauteed spinach, red peppers, lettuce, tomato, red onion-I could barely finish it! Their fries are huge-cut, a touch greasy and def. solidly good. Plenty of parking, their staff is incredibly friendly and approachable-just a solid hit, no matter where it would be or where you are from!
A happening and exciting restaurant / bar.  The chicken wings appetizer with the oatmeal stout infused barbeque sauce is scrumptious.
I like my share of microbeers, but this place has the market cornered! Is it the Tempe water, I hope not. But, the food and brews are the best. Kiltlifter and heffie are two of my personal favs. Others have remarked how good the Peach Ale is as well as the IPA. For a great place to enjoy the microbrews, off the beaten path atmosphere and overall..cozy approach, stop in for a pitcher on me ;)  If I am there, I will surely buy!
This is one of the first places I go to when I come back to visit family and friends.  The seasonal beers are always great, the food never tastes bad, and the people that frequent it are usually pretty mixed.  The only problem is parking on a busy night, hit the alley in the back and you might be able to find a spot.  See you in December.
Great beer. Good food. Great atmosphere.  My only beef is that they don't have happy hour prices on food.  A little overpriced for the poor college crowd but it's within stumbling distance of my apartment so I think it's great.
Yummy nachos, good local brew, and a cool, laid-back atmosphere.  One of the few places in Tempe I really enjoy.  While I still feel old at times, it is not nearly as overrun by college students as the bars near campus...like Maloney's.  This is a great place to kick back under the misters and enjoy a cold beer on a hot summer day.
Great beer and really good beer bread. You can sit at the very long bar, or on the patio, the two best places to be in the fall, winter and spring. Outside you enjoy the great weather, at the bar you are closest to the beer. The drawbacks are a relative lack of seasonal beers; a fruit-based beer always on tap and thus taking space from a more deserving beer that really tastes like beer and not some fruit soda enjoyed only by those who need training wheels on their beer (they probably drink Coors at home); and the freakin' summer when it's 110 outside. Four Peaks only has swamp coolers which are pretty ineffective when its hot and humid (July-September). Other than that, a most excellent place for decent food, very friendly servers and excellent beer (probably the best microbrews in the Phoenix area). There's not a lot of parking either. Apparently when they built this warehouse as a creamery a 100 years ago or so, parking wasn't given much thought. Stupid lack of foresight!
My father introduced me to this place about 6 months ago and I've been back about 10 times. They have my favorite beer on the planet they brew themselves known as Kilt Lifter. It's a dark beer...mmm.....my favorite and it's the best there is, period. The best part is (and I do this every time) you can buy cases of their most popular beers for $1 a beer. No I didn't studder. $24 bucks gets you 24 beers. The best beers money can buy. Beyond that...ALL their beers are good. Most are phenominal. The scenario (college area) is fabulous...and the food is amazing! 

Everyone I have introduced to it has absolutely loved it! 

Also note...there are 2 locations I have only visited the Tempe location. The other is in Scottsdale.
I love Four Peaks as a restaurant, but not as a drinking destination. I'm not sure why - the beers are great, i've sworn off the Kiltlifter but really enjoy the 8th St Ale and an occasional Peach. I think it just seems sooo laid back that i get sleepy after all the heavy food and beer.
most of the seating is outside, although they've opened a big area by the casks. this is basically a huge, brink warehouse, and it's not air condidtioned, even in the summer. it's more like a swamp cooler feel and lots and lots of fans, so be wary of a summer venture- it may feel a little stick y and uncomfortable in there.
there's tons of tvs, though the mentality and atmosphere is far from a sports bar. there is also a pool table or two.
i highly recommend this place for brunch on sundays... they have their special mamosas (peach beer and champagne) and an awesome breakfast menu. it's hidden back from the main street and in the neighborhood, which i really like.
Awesome beers, awesome food.  My all time favorite microbrewery ever.  Don't settle for anything less if you're in the area.

Avoid Thursday and Friday late afternoon through 2am Sunday morning unless you enjoy massive crowds from nearby Arizona State University.  Good luck finding parking within a mile or room to sit during these times.
GOD i love this place! FIVE STARS ALL AROUND!!!! LOVE IT!
best brewery i've been to in phoenix other then the sonora brewhouse. it's off the beaten path and hard to find. even when you do, there still will be no parking. but its worth any frustration you have to go through.

its got a great selection of microbrews. i love the hop knot IPA. its really alcoholic and full of flavor with some kindof peach accent or something yet goes down really easy.

the food there is also awesome, i had a wood-fired bbq chicken pizza that was fantastic.

the place has tons of room so it easy to go there and get a table even with a large group during a busy time. there is also tons of outside seating which is great for a city like phoenix which has amazing afternoon weather 9 months of the year.

tons of big screen tvs too. would probably be a great place to watch the suns lose to mafia-paid referees.
Tempe's Four Peaks is big with Valley hipsters, college students and local musicians. The food is delicious. The bar offers an abundance of brews and they even give brewery tours so people can learn about the crafting process through something I like to call Beer 101. I'm a big fan of the bar's large patio, which overlooks 8th St. It's a great place to socialize and kick back with a cold glass of Framboise (try it if you're in the mood for something fruity!) and people watch. Be forewarned, parking is a pain here since the lot is small, but there's usually a decent amount of street parking and they even offer valet service.
Great place for Happy Hour.  Good food, Great beer, fun atmosphere.

Update 12/2011 - Four Peaks continues to be (4 years later) my go to place for lunch...  The food is always, always spectacular...  And I can say this since I eat here at least once a week when I'm in town...

At least two different people have told me they have had their "best fish and chips" and "best sandwich" of their lifetimes at 4P.  Enough said.
I have to say that I like the Scottsdale location much more.  The hostess brought us in right away and got us a table where we could watch the game.  The food was just as good as the Scottsdale location and our waitress was very nice but they had no AC!  Its 110 degrees outside!  How can you not have AC inside?!  (If there was AC I would have given them 4 stars.) There are misters going like mad outside but if you're outside you can't watch the game.  Tough choices.

The Sox/Yankees were on when we went and they were nice enough to put it on the TV that my seat was facing, even taking off the YES broadcast and putting on the ESPN feed when I asked.  Awesome.  

PS.  The parking situation kinda sucks.
My biggest complaint - no air conditioning!!! In Tempe!!! In August!!!

We went here for an arranged happy hour through my college's alumni group. We brought some friends along, really hoping to have some fun. The place has a really neat atmosphere - it's a brewery with high ceilings and a porch outside. The bar is huge, so service, even at busy times, is pretty quick. However, we were all sweating so much that we almost couldn't enjoy oursleves. The preseason football games were on, so this is a perfect place for watching sporting events. My husband really adored the beer (and always requests that I get him 8th Street Ale at the grocery now), and I thought the Kiltlifter was pretty good even though I don't love beer.

We didn't eat, so I can't comment on the food....if I visited during the winter months, I'd likely have a better opinion of this place. The heat was just unbearable, and the huge industrial fans that they had going were more annoying than helpful.

But hey, after all, it is a brewery, and the beer is pretty good. So that has to count for something, right?
When it's football season and I want to watch a game, the only place I favor is Four Peaks in Tempe. Ok, this place might not be the loudest bar. It might not have scantily clad waitresses. The food and the drinks more than make up for it. I don't get it when guys go to Hooters to watch a game, and pay $20 for poor quality wings (I can buy the same at Costco). Plus, If I want to see 1/2 naked girls, I'd go to a strip club. 

I only come to a bar to watch the game, have a couple of beers, and eat good food. For bar food, Four Peaks has the best nachos, awesome grilled chicken beer bread, tasty artichoke dip, and a great house hamburger. They have enough TVs for the game you are looking for. They have a cool patio to chill, Plus, how can you not like their beer!

The one thing that is annoying is that there is this bouncer that spends 10 seconds looking at my ID (he bends it a couple times to check for authenticity)  to make sure I am the person on the ID. I've been there so many times that he should know my name. But, he keeps doing it. I think I need to go to DMV and get a new ID now.
Fantastic food and atmosphere!  I adore their beer bread sandwiches & appetizers especially.  It's a fun place to go with friends or on a date.
Try the oatmeal stout.  If you can't handle beer that will put hair on your chest or the idea of a beer you can't see through makes you queasy, try the 8th Street IPA.  I haven't had anything on their menu that wasn't good, but I'm partial to the nachos and the chicken strips.  Careful the nachos come out on a fork lift.  Yes you can add beef or chicken to them, but you won't need to.  They stand up just fine without and you're not going to go hungry.  The mixed drinks are decent, but come on.  You're in a brewery. Live a little!

On a side note, the patio is smoking friendly and the water is awesome because as every good brewer knows, pure water makes awesome beer.

On the weekends this place gets over crowded.  You could go on a weeknight like a sensible person.  Or, you can simply find a person or two who is hogging an entire table to themselves and foist your company upon them.  Really, don't take no for an answer. Convince them that having you sit with them is like an unexpected gift.  And not like a crappy gift from someone who doesn't know you but feels obligated to gift you anyways.  But like a really awesome gift that you didn't even know you wanted till you opened it.  Come on now, flash that winning smile. I'll be right behind you if you need me. Honest.
Reasons to go to Four Peaks:  1) You're hungry, 2) you're thirsty, 3) you're meeting friends with a wide variety of palates, 4) you're meeting a LOT of friends,  5) you're meeting friends who like to play photo hunt, and don't need the "erotic" adjective to find it fun, 6) you're meeting people who you don't plan to talk to, so having a game on in every corner of the room is to your benefit.  

Four peaks is comfort bar food with comfort beer.  It isn't the greatest, but it is far from the worst.  It was a fantastic place to go after the Tour de Fat in Tempe.... when people wanted a little grease, a place to sit, and one more beer.
Dear Four Peaks,

It's so hard in today's generic corporate driven society to find a place that takes pride in their product like you do, brewing eight varieties of beer on a regular basis and creating new and exciting seasonal brews with the tender loving intimacy that only a small business can provide. You deserve an incredible amount of credit for that. 

My question for you is: do they all have to taste assy?

I mean, I know some people like the taste of your Arizona Peach ale, but the last time I tried it I did something uncharacteristic. I didn't even finish the whole thing. It smelled like country time heaven, but it tasted like fetid peach bile. Your IPA, Hop Knot, and Oatmeal Stout give me bitter beer face, but since they're supposed to have strong character and flavor, I accept this inevitability and leave them to someone who will love them with all the passion they deserve. And it seems like your Kiltlifter exists only to get me plowed in record time, at about 6% alcohol by volume, so that's a good thing and means it's bound to be strong like a bull, so I can accept the ass factor. 

When it boils down to it, the only beers you have on tap that seem fit for my consumption are the 8th Street Ale and the Hefewiezen. But even those leave me with a hang over the next morning. 

Did I do something wrong? Is that why you don't like me? Is that why you feel it necessary to have your beer drill its way into my skull and leave me with a headache the morning after, regardless of the fact that the fancy imports and run of the mill domestic beers I consume at other bars don't even cause me to blink an eye? I thought we had a pretty solid relationship, but since I haven't been visiting you that often, I guess you've had a change of heart.

So I'll make a concerted effort to swing by for happy hour every now and then to share a pitcher between 3 and 7, but only when somebody else suggests we visit. You just seem to slip through the cracks whenever my little barfly mind starts thinking up fun places to enjoy a couple brews after work. (Luckily that isn't the case when my grumbling stomach does the talking, because your food is delicious and would be a terrible thing to miss out on!)

I think it may also have something to do with your patio, which is unwelcoming and a freakin' madhouse at all times of the day. Provided I can get one, those gigantic square tables only let me chat with the people to either side of me. And I'm practically sitting in the lap of the people behind me, causing me to maneuver like a slinky snake just to get out of my chair and weasel my way to the restroom. Doesn't this piss off your servers? Because I'd be pissed off if my job was to pick my way through that maze on a regular basis. Maybe that's why sometimes I get poor service on the patio, because your indoor and side car dining areas have always had the most attentive ladies waiting on me. I guess I have a serious love hate thing going on with your patio, Peaks.

Granted, the food you offer is phenomenal, especially for a place that calls itself a brewery. You have gone above and beyond the basic need for chex mix and peanuts on the bar, or fried greasy food that's on par with bowling alley eats. You offer some amazing and delicious dishes. 

One of my favorites is your Southwest Burger with pepper jack cheese and green chili that is positively rockin' with flavor, but the sweet jalapeno dressing tastes a little meh, so I get it on the side when I'm a little iffy about the funk factor of my burger. 

You do have one stand out menu item that everyone should bow down to though, and that is the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread. It is a soft pillowy tribute to chickens everywhere. If they could speak...well they'd berate you for eating them, so we'll consider it a posthumous tribute. Or perhaps it's a tribute to the amazing artichokes and peppers. And the sauce drizzled in this dish is the perfect accompaniment.

Also, your beer battered fries are off the hook good.

So at least you've got that going for you. 

I'll be seeing you around Peaks. I just won't be singing your praises on a regular basis.

Cheers!
Erica
Good food + Good beer = Awesome.

A little too "sports bar" for me, but still a very good brewery!
The problem I run into every time I come here is trying not to drink too much. The beer is just too tasty!

Their food... granted is great. Every meal I have eaten is awesome. And their pizzas are as good as other notable places.

But the beer,,,, Amazing. Even the Arizona Peach. Which is notorious for being a bit too strange for hardened beer drinkers. 

It's tasty. Their seasonals are scrumptious. Their regulars are delightful. And their standbys are unrefusable.

This is the problem I run into each time I visit.
I like Four Peaks. I really do. I like that is about a five minute walk from my apartment. I like both the Sunbru and 8th Street Ale. I like the $2.75 beers during happy hour and all day on Sunday.  I like to watch football there on Sundays because they show a lot of games, even if it is a Minnesota Vikings hangout.

What I do not really like at Four Peaks is the food. Brunch was just OK. I had the Brewer's Breakfast (basically your good ole American breakfast), and I hated the country potatoes. I don't want my hash browns to taste only like bell peppers. The three things on the dinner menu I have found I really like and will order every time we go are the french fries, beer bread, and shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta. However, there is not enough bread in the bruschetta as we seem to have tons of toppings left, so typically we have to use pita bread from the hummus to finish the food.  The caesar salad is just OK and my husband likes the fish and chips but they are not the best he has ever had.

For appetizers and a few beers, Four Peaks is great epecially if you get a seat on the patio on a nice day.  For dinner, not so much.
First - good beer, especially their seasonal.  That's what you're going here for anyways, right?  And the burger was decent.  Nothing to write home about but was reasonably tasty, cooked medium-rare just as I requested.  All's good.
My only real problem is that parking is limited but you can park down the streets, which at times can get to be far away but if you can't walk a block or two for good food and beer then you suck anyways.

The Hefeweizen is the best in the valley hands down and yes I've tried everything I've come across here.
The burgers and sandwiches are awesome and the salads are good too.

I saw a review that said the atmosphere was too much of a sports bar?  Eh not so much.  I mean there's a few TV's with sports on but NOT the typical sports bar visitors at all.  

I'm not a dark beer fan but I hear the Kilt Lifter is awesome and the winter ale when it's available is awesome too.  I have a friend that always orders the ice cream beer drink with some dark beer and she loves that a ton.

Overall just a great place to sit and chill and have some good food and great beer.  Go visit.  Do it, do it.
I probably should have studied up a little more on this place before deciding 8 o clock on a friday as a good meeting time.  Yeah, not the best time to go.  I'd been there around normal bar hours before, but totally forgot about the whole "restaurant" aspect of the place.

The time we went is kind of the odd in between time of people going to eat dinner and people still there for happy hour, so it was pretty packed.  There were several groups of people waiting for tables to eat when we got there.  Good thing we were invited to try to find a seat on the bar.   *Try* being the operative word.  It's a huge bar in the middle of the floor, with seating on 3 sides, but there weren't any seats at all.  Hmm. 

So, my friend and I got to enjoyed our first brewery crafted treat standing in between a few tables, with the seated patrons kinda checking the two of us out like, "dumbass... didn't you realize it'd be this full?"  *shrug*

Thankfully, after about 15 minutes a couple seats at the bar opened up.  Hooray!  

I suggest the Oatmeal Stout, Kiltlifter and Hefeweizen.  All are really good, and priced nicely at less than $4.  How cool is that?

Warning- parking here isn't the best.  You probably will be parking on the street and you probably will have to walk a block or two.  Don't be all shocked by this.  In fact, if your walk is less than 5 minutes, you did well.
This place has great food - some of the best "bar" food around. But you really go for the beer. It's a brewery, right? 

I haven't tried a beer I didn't like here. There should be one that fits your taste, even if you're not a big beer drinker. The prices are reasonable and even better during happy hour which has two convenient times during the day (regular and reverse). If you're unfamiliar with the beer choices try a sampler and then grab a pint of your favorite!
With award shows and ceremonies, there are categories and nominees. Best actor in a drama. Best comedy or musical. Best director. Well, if "best local brewery" were a category, I think Four Peaks would win, hands down. Of course, I haven't been to every single brewery here in Phoenix, but I have been to enough bars to know that there's something endearing and cool about Four Peaks. Perhaps as a stand-alone bar, it would be mediocre. The fact that it's a local brew house makes it even cooler. It's like the average guy getting a thousand dollar make over. He just looks fabulous, doesn't he? 

Gotta love the exposed brick walls, the open yet enclosed feeling of the layout with tables surrounding the bar area, which is in the center. The ceilings are high. The TVs are dedicated to sports. The huge chalk board boasts a diverse menu. There's also a pretty big patio out front. The doorman was nice - even humorous. I was instantly "in like" with this place. 

Four Peaks has quite the crowd of fans, too. Be weary if you plan to hit this place up on a Friday around 8. You'll bump head-first into the "happy hour meets dinner crowd." No bueno if you're looking for a seat at the bar. Good luck finding a table, too. You might as well just order yourself a beer and find somewhere to stand out of the way of the bus boys and friend clans. Interestingly enough, as dinner time expires, the crowd thins. Finding a seat at the bar around 9 and 9:30 at night becomes less of a challenge. Did you take note of that? You should. I'm sayin' this: don't be afraid to mosey up to Four Peaks around 10 o'clock. It's less crowded than if you came two hours earlier. Trust me on this one. 

Also, bring all the good karma you can find. You'll need it to find a parking spot on the street that's a short walk to the front door. Otherwise, you may have to put your peds to good work. Not that it's a big deal, unless it's a frosty January night or muggy/bright/furiously hot summer day. 

Beer's are cheap, too. Under $3 for their Oatmeal Stout, which is my brew of choice. Sure, I bet the others are worth their weight, but once I find what works for me, I stick with it. So, if you go and you find something worth drinking, let me know. 

NOTE: Not the brightest bulbs behind the bar. Our 2nd round was free by default. We got served. We just didn't get charged. Bonus!
I struggle a great deal figuring out how many stars to give Four Peaks. If I could give the beer more than five stars, I would, but the actual brewery really drags down their star average.

I love the rustic, no AC feel of Four Peaks. I love going with a big group of people, especially when the weather's just right and it's been a long day. Hello, Kiltlifter.

Speaking of, that is my favorite beer of all time--Kiltlifter, their Scottish-style ale. The 8th St. Pale Ale is also awesome, and their hefeweizen is one of the best I've had. 

Food is good, but I don't go there for gourmet. The nachos are huge and the burgers are decent. Again, when drinking, I tend to go for those things which are fried or covered with something awful for me--like processed cheese. I'm not alone in this, right? Hello?

Anyway, the downers: Parking is a nightmare. I'm a creature of convenience who gets frustrated easily when things are not as accessible as I would like. Also, the hostesses up front are just not nice. Seriously. For a while I tried to overcompensate their rudeness with kindness, but to no avail. Now, I just tell them how many people and keep it at that. Servers are alright; that's been a mixed bag and I hope that you get better service than I have.

Good news: Plenty o' bars and pubs have Kiltlifter on tap! Hoorah! Casey Moore's (a favorite of mine), Buffalo Wild Wings (and they're a chain!) and Rula Bula are a few that I can think of off the top of my head. BevMo! also has Four Peaks' beer bottled, which is definitely not as good as the tap or the source, obviously, but when at home, at least it's better than the "great American lager." (Man, are those Budweiser commercials a joke or what?)

In short, go early for parking and a seat and then camp for a while because you know what, everyone else does it and you deserve it. Hello, Kiltlifter...
I don't think I can think of a single bad thing to say about Four Peaks.  Delicious beer (which happily can be found at a lot of places in Phoenix.  Did you know that Wal-Mart carries Kilt Lifter??), and the food... oh my sweet baby jesus I love to eat at Four Peaks.  I positively crave their fries sometimes, and I swear I dream about these chicken roll appetizer thingies they have.

The place itself is a great atmosphere, service is quick and friendly (with one exception.  We were there with a fairly large group once, and had a terrible, slow, rude, stupid waitress.  But this was completely made up for later by better waitresses and the manager), and I just wish it was closer to my house or work.  When I did work nearby, lunch and beer at Four Peaks was my favorite.

Oh and I lied, there is one bad thing... depending on when you go, parking is a major bitch.  But whatever, so you have to walk a little bit, you big baby!  Just go!
Here's the drill, If it's friday around noon, this is where our entire office goes for lunch. Four Peaks Friday. It could just be that it is an easy way to get 9-15 people to all agree on one spot at once, but doesn't that say something?

The food is very good for a Brewery Bar, and of course, there is the beer...mmmm beer...

The fish and chips are really quite excellent for a bar and the burgers are downright tasty.

It can get busy and bustling, but any place that has great food and our saviour... beer... likely will.
A really busy happening place.  OMG i had the best chicken strips EVER here.  make sure you order them.  The fries that come with it too....... heaven.

The beer is good... I had 3 kinds.  But none of them truly wowed me... but they were all tasty.  I think I liked the oatmeal stout the best.

Even with how busy it was, we found seats.  The bathroom was clean and there wasn't a line.

A really awesome place and good vibe.  I'd go back.
This is honestly one of my favorite restaurants and breweries in the whole world. The beer is outstanding, affordable, and the seasonals are always well-stocked. And there's no end to my enthusiasm for the beer-battered chicken strips and chipotle mayo - sometimes this meal can be life-changing. I've never been to the Scottsdale location, but the Tempe restaurant is wide-open, with a rustic brick ambiance that makes you feel right at home and ready to get stuffed and loaded. The only negative is that they don't distribute Kilt Lifter to Austin! Cheers!
This is my first review and I had to write it about what is probably my favorite place EVER. I had my freaking graduation party here. With my family, 80 year old Grandma included. And she even liked it. The beer is just awesome. If me and my boyfriend can agree, it's great to split a $11 pitcher during happy hour (I know..the prices just went up but still not bad).  I love all the appetizers with the exception of the beer bread things.  They're just weird and too hard to eat. 
The jalepeno popper burger is so yummy. Cream cheese on a burger is such a good idea and the crispy onion strings add nice texture. Another plus is that it's not wimpy like most "Spicy" items. It's actually pretty spicy. I also LOVE their nightly specials. I've seen Filet Mignon, Buffalo, and Osso Bucco on those things! It's always a great surprise, and always delicious. 
The service is great, everyone is very friendly and the atmosphere is awesome. Sometimes the music is too loud to have a conversation inside so I'm a consistent patio diner. It's right by my house and I really like trying new places and cuisine so I'm always thinking of somewhere new to go, but it's great just to have an old standby that's consistently a good time.
Great place to grab a burger and a custom brew... 

You gotta try the Peach beer. The beer flights are fun too.

Plus, you can take home a "growler" (big jug) of your favorite beverage.
Four Peaks in Tempe offers a wide selection of well above average bar food and absolutely great beer in a historically unique and lively environment. Please note that lively means LIVELY, this bar is situated near ASU so you can expect the usual college crowd of students living it up during the school year. Service and security are excellent and I have never witnessed anything get terribly out of hand. If you bring a large group of friends the patio is an exceptional place to situate yourself. The quality and variety of beers (try the beer sampler platter) they offer (especially Kilt Lifter) will keep you coming back again and again.
After reading all of the awesome reviews that came before mine (ok - maybe not all of them considering there are 54 to date), I knew I had to check this place out...

I was there for lunch today and although I didn't even have their beer, I loved it!  Service was kind of slow but it was a beautiful day and we sat outside so it didn't matter that much.  The atmosphere and food made up for it... 

I had a delicious chef salad and a side of their beer bread.  I'm not kidding - it was one of my favorite lunches I've had EVER!  The salad was fresh and the sweet jalapeno dressing combined with the turkey, hard boiled egg, tomato, cucumber, greens, bleu cheese, and candied walnuts made every bite delicious!  I made my own little wrap with the side of bread.

I cannot wait to go back to experience the hand crafted ales one evening soon, as well as some of the other menu items!
Every time I go into this place its with good times and cheery mates and I leave the wiser with a pint of fresh brew and some of the best food. 

To make a great date, go to the Phoenix Rock Gym first and then climb the ladder on the back wall and walk in around the back...Great times for every one!
With some places, you say "I go here for the food."  For other places you say "I got there for the hot waitresses."  Still for others, you go to the place because of the atmosphere.  At Four Peaks Brewery, the main draw for me is the beer.  I'm a beer snob if you will, and this is some of the finest microbrew out there.

But the best part about Four Peaks is that they have great food, wonderful atmosphere, and hot waitresses as well.  There is everything you can possibly want, so what's not to love about this place?!?!?  Their nachos, chicken spring rolls, and cheese puffs (when they have them on special) are to die for.  I'm a fan of the Kiltlifter and the 8th Street Ales, and they always have great seasonal brews as well.  I highly recommend the pumpkin porter around the holidays. 

It's a great place for happy hour with good beer specials, and they always have a couple of different food items on special each day.  The patio at the Tempe location is a great place for some day drinking, and inside at their massive bar you can catch a game and some great views of the "scenery," aka ASU coeds.  Parking can sometime be a pain in the ass at the Tempe location, but once you get inside and that beer hits your lips, it makes it so worth it.
Great beer, certainly try Scotch style ale and hoppy IPA. Bartenders and wait staff are energetic, knowledgeable and fun. Nice place to hang out, outside or inside at the bar.
FOOD: This place has great food with a wide variety of entrees for any taste. Great chicken strips, fish and chips, French dip sandwich, and burgers are all fantastic. You WILL be full after eating a main course here, so don't bother getting the pricey appetizers. And now for the piece de resistance: the beer! This place is pretty close to turning me into an alcoholic. The beer is top-notch, being brewed literally in the back of the restaurant where you can see. Some of the best beer I've ever had is at four peaks. No crappy beers here at all. The beer tastes available here are vast (even though there are only about 10 choices), so find a beer that suites your tastes. For example, lots of people don't like the Hop Knot because it's too hoppy, but I think it's wonderful. 

PRICE: My bill at Four Peaks piles up pretty quick if I'm not careful. Main courses are around $8-10, beers are $3.75 ($3 at happy hour). Beer prices are great relative to other bars, but for a college student on a limited budget, Four Peaks prices can be a little high especially if you frequent the place. 

SERVICE: Has its ups and downs. For the vast majority of the time, waiters and bartenders are nice and helpful, and you get your food in about 15 min, so get a beer to pass the time. When in groups, I recommend paying with cash to makes things easier. Don't give some cash and some cards, it has confused them a couple times. 

SKINNY: I love this place!!! Lively, warm atmosphere, great food and beer. I don't understand why more college students don't flood this place, it's right next to ASU. I go to Four Peaks several times a month to hang out with friends over a beer or two. Truly one of Tempe's gems.
I never knew how cool Arizona could be until I visited my brother in Tempe last week.

We went on a Sunday around 11am, the patio was full but there was ample inside seating.  The locals seemed to not be in favor of the inside since the weather is fantastic in March.  However, I liked the inside better because the building has character and those cool metal brewing things.  And unlike the breweries in California, the metal things aren't behind safety glass, it felt like being in your Grandpa's brewery or something cool like that.

The food was fantastic, I had the beer bread sandwich and fries.  The fries are amazing!  They are beer battered which makes them a shade of orange and delicious, yum!

I also had the beer sampler.  I was bummed that they were out of the Arizona Peach or whatever the fruit beer was, but all of the other beers were great.  I am not usually a fan of the IPA, but I liked theirs.
It's Sunday night, my last night in Tempe. After my dining experience the night before, I wanted to experience more of Tempe's culinary delights. 

The first night I arrived in Tempe, I ate in the Mill Avenue District of downtown Tempe. There I got to sample my first Four Peaks Brewing Company beer - the Kilt Lifter - a rich, dark beer that got my attention. I found out that the brewery was not far from my hotel, so once again, I hopped aboard the hotel shuttle and made my way down there.

I could tell, this was a happening place - but then again, it caters to nearby ASU. From what I gather, Friday and Saturday nights are SRO. The crowd is lively, the music thumping, servers are bustling.

I had no problems finding a table and the server was prompt in presenting the menu to me. I ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread (say that three times fast after having a couple of beers!) sandwich and a pint of the oatmeal stout - oh yummmmm! 

A great way to end my visit to Tempe (but it certainly won't be my last!)
I'm not particularly fond of their beer, but I think its the 3rd best that the Valley has to offer behind Popago and Sonoran ... however, what it lacks in beer quality, and I must say its only a small leap down in quality from those other two ... it makes up for in atmosphere, which is leagues better than either of their competitors.

I actually prefer their bottled beer rather than their "fresh outta the keg" variety, which is good for them seeing as I'm more likely to pick out their product at Safeway than I am to visit the Tempe location due to proximity.  On a related note, however, their House Brew that they make especially for The Roosevelt is my second favorite local brew behind Popago's Orange Blossom.

Patio seating is a premium here in the Valley, and the fact that Four Peaks blended a warehouse motif into a sunny front porch SCREAMS Seattle's Pioneer Square without the dismal rain.

This place is actually the first place most of my out-of-town guests request to visit when coming to Phoenix.  I always thought that was a nice compliment for Four Peaks.
To the reviewer who said this place is over-run with frat boys/sorority girls....I beg to differ.  

I will agree that this place is always busy, and its difficult to find a table.

Okay...now for the good stuff.  Beer.  I'm a fan of 8th st. Ale.  Lots of people seem to love the Kiltlifter...I'm not such a huge fan of it.  They also have seasonal blends that are pretty good....I can't think of the name of the one that comes out in the fall...but that one is good.

Food.  I don't really care for the food here.  Its not that it's bad.  The food is pretty good for bar food...but nothing really stands out to me.  The only thing I absolutely always have to get, and love, is the spinach artichoke dip.  It's damn good.  I recommend it, heavily.
Totally a college place, but the food and beer make up for the aggravating frat boy hollers. The beer sampler is well worth the money...you get 2.5 pints for forking over a little bit more than what one pint would cost. After finishing that plate of loveliness, no amount of hollering could have ripped me from my reverie.

Fish 'n' chips and the beer bread get a hearty thumbs up.
I love this place. 

It's not just all college kids.  There are plenty of people in their 30s and upward that come here to enjoy the brewery, and food.  I love it because it's big, lots of seating, water mysters for outside, tons of people, very laid back, no dress code..  The guys can watch their sports on tv's, and the girls can just sit back and relax.

The food is great too by the way.  

Seriously... I don't know what else to say but that I love everything about Four Peaks.
I'm personally not a huge fan of Four Peaks. I've never really liked the food all that much and I find it to be more of a hassle than it's often worth to go there and find parking and get a table. It's not always too busy, but most of the time it is. That's the price you pay when you're popular. 

The beer is good enough to be proud of if you're a local and you don't have to get it here since it's sold all over the valley. I wouldn't ever go out of my way to get it, but "good enough" is about the best compliment I can bestow. I'm not a huge fan of beer to begin with, but I like it enough to have an idea of what constitutes a good beer versus a bad or average one. Some of their beers I simply don't like - it's that stomach bile flavor that turns me away. Other brews are quite tolerable to actually good.

I see this mostly as a great place to take someone who is visiting from somewhere else. There's a bit of a 'wow' factor with Four Peaks. It's sorta neat to walk in through the back door past all the tanks and whatnot. In the summer, it's also a nice and chilly way to cool off. Beyond that, it's probably only barely worth it. I've found the service to be unpredictable... usually not good. It's probably a bad idea to take a date here unless you're in college. 

When my friends suggest going here, I usually suggest someplace else - not sure exactly why. There's just something about it that doesn't lend itself to an easy dining and drinking experience... it's complicated somehow. It's odd that a place you can wear flip flops to could feel complicated, but it is. Maybe it's that tiny bit of 'factory' vibe the building gives off. It's like we're visiting the building while it's working and we're not entirely welcome there, but it's just too polite to tell us to leave.
Damn, I miss this place!  I used to live at the Quad's apartments (big mistake) but on the plus side, I was less than half a block walk from this place.  When I moved to Scottsdale and had to actually drive to the place, the parking did kinda suck, but it's not as bad as everyone else makes it out to be--there is a small lot behind 4Peaks.  

All the food is freaking amazing!  They have daily specials which can be hit or miss based on principal alone (I'm semi-vegetarian and I ain't gonna eat beef), but unfortunately all the hits I've experienced I never again saw on the daily specials again.  They also have a beer float, but I'm just not that adventurous...  The Stoutimisu is excellent, but HUGE!

Great patio with both misters and heaters, depending on the season.

I even had my going away party at the Scottsdale location, that's how much I love this place!!
I came here on the opening night when someone from Gin Blossoms played on a makeshift stage, the beers were 25 cents and there was no food (but you know me, we ordered a pizza from a neighborhood pizza place.) Since then, they have added a full kitchen and the food is amazing (chicken strips that were designed for diners who appreciate tempura-like batter and are over the age of four), the beer is astounding (one word: Kolsch...makes me swoon) and the people are great. It's worth the walk wherever you end up finding a space to park--even better, ride your bike over like we do! The Sunday brunch is great. All of my friends sit and wish they had a student loan that would enable them to spend at least half of the day drinking here daily. I don't blame them.
I like Four Peaks when you can get a parking space and table on the patio (so not Friday nights).  The food is not great, but the beer and people are good.
I like the beer. They have a killer patio out front with misters & a few trees. The food is reliable, typical bar food fare & pizzas. Don't miss the chicken wings, and usually you cant go wrong with the specials. We often head there for Friday afternoon happy hour. Did I mention I like the beer?

BOTTOM LINE: Eat, drink & be merry - one of the best AZ patios!
This is a pretty good place if you want to have good beer. On Friday night this place was pretty packed. My friends already had a table when I got there so I got out of waiting for an open table. Try to go for the patio if you can. 

Food: I would be able to say because I wasn't hungry at the moment, but I have heard that they have killer fries. 

Beer: At first I wasn't sure what I wanted so our server brought their seasonal beer. Being summer time I was expecting a lighter, fruitier beer as a seasonal. This was not. Not sure the same, but it was darker and I found it to be on the better side. I went with a pitcher of Kilt lifter beer, which was very tasty. 

A really big downfall is parking. The front lot is extremely small. They do have a back dirt lot, but I dislike parking there because it too is small and hard to get in and out of. On the street and walking about a block is what you have to expect. 

Overall I would come here again to try come food. The beer is decent. My next trip will be on a weekday so I can avoid the crowds.
I love four peaks, beer, food, happy hour, people, location, patio everything.. Its good to just get a drink and watch the game or to do a full-on dinner.. 

Bad news first.. its busy, so get there early, and parking is hard to find. They don't really have there own parking lot, so you have to park along the street, but its worth it. 

The beer is awesome, they have something to satisfy anyones taste in beer, I personally like a lighter beer so I go either for the peach or the sunbru.. but it has darks, mediums, hoppy stuff, everything.. 

Food is excellent, I love the Hummus, its a little spicy and the pita is warm, and I usually end up with more hummus then pita and they always bring out more.. The pretzels are perfect with the spicy mustard  .. Their hamburgers and fries are amazing, sandwiches are to die for and I haven't had it but their pizzas look tasty.. Also there fries are the best beer battered fries I think I have ever had.. They also have specials, that are usually something different then what they have on their menu, more Mexican or Italian type of options.. 

I love it, it can be too busy for people sometimes, it does get loud and parking is a pain.. but get past that its worth it.
I'm never disappointed when I come to Four Peaks. Their house-brewed beers are great--the first time I came I ordered the sampler, where you can try them all (there are quite a few choices), or you can ask for a taste of one you think you want. My favorites are Hop Knot and Oatmeal Stout. Inside is an expanded seating area and bar which shows sports events. I would not recommend coming during a big event--it can get very busy and loud. However, out on the patio, with lots of misters, is the best place to sit. The service is usually good, and the food is surprisingly good for a brewery. My favs are the hamburgers (which I try not to eat too much) and the vegetarian beer bread (read thick pita-like bread with mozzarella and roasted vegetables, including yummy portobello mushrooms). I like Four Peaks best in the afternoon to relax on the patio, maybe for lunch, rather than at night, when it gets more bar-like and can be hard to find parking (FYI there is parking behind the bar if none is available on the street). 

Summary: Beer is great. Try their seasonals (had a stellar 11% barleywine). Food is good for a pub, but not exceptional. Just a good place to hang out and relax with friends.
Okay, I am a passionate man, with strong opinions, so if you don't agree with me... well your wrong.

Four Peaks Brewing Co is a city treasure.  In a city as large as Phoenix one would think many fantastic local micro-brews would be available...  Not so.  There are fewer, fewer that are good, and one that is excellent.  Yes Four peaks is that one shinning example of what Phoenician beer bliss can be.

Oh there are breweries that equal its prowess in AZ, just no others in Phoenix.  If you are in Prescott, go to the Prescott Brewing Co.  In Sedona the Oak Creek Brewing company is out of this world.  in Phoenix, there is Four Peaks.  Do yourself a favor and order a Kiltlifter, then wash it down with an Oatmeal Stout!

Oh, the food is just okay.... This is a pub, not a restaurant!  You don't come here for food you come here for beer and wash it down with some greasy food!

On a  very sad note i did see a strawberry something or other beer the last time I was there... very disturbing that was!
The hubby LOVES beer - I mean LOVES it - so I decided to surprise him by taking him to FPBC in Tempe - we had the little guy with us (as usual - I mean that in a good way). We pull right up front - Rock Star parking!  I see the misting systems going - and people hanging around the front.  Beforehand, we had a little trouble finding it so stopped at a house to ask for directions.  There was a happy hour house party going on - about 10 - 20 somethings hanging in the front yard playing ping pong & BBQ'ing - looking like a beer ad for a commerical - we asked about FPBC & the guys were very happy to help us with the directions and said cool spot you will like it!  I say to my hubby, see this is why I love Tempe, are you sure you don't want to sell the house in PV and move here!?!  Hmmmm....

So we find it, my first thought was ok, part the BWM around the corner so we blend in!  Then I thought nah, lets just go!  The first thing I noticed was a sign that read "no Minors" so I have the hubby wait in the car and ask the very hip, very alternative looking door guy if we can bring our baby in & he says sure just don't try and slip him a drink!  I thought I like this place already!  We sat outside as it was a bit too loud inside (for the little guy).  As well, that scene in Sweet Home Alabama played in my head about the girl in a bar with a baby!  So we sat outside - thinking that would be better? Hee Hee...

Mind you I hate beer but played along, so I ordered the lightest beer on the menu it was a peach ale - YUMMY!  The hubby ordered three weird tasting beers and loved each one.  We had the chicken rolls which we amazing and the shrimp Bruchetta (sp?) they use WAY too much garlic but it was still good and a great portion size.

We will go back for sure, but I think we will leave the baby at home - so we can really enjoy the noise :)
Great food and atmosphere. Had lunch there on a Friday afternoon. Parking is a bit of a challenge. Had the pork pita which had onions, bell peppers, and pepper jack cheese...awesome...

The burgers are good too! The service was excellent.
Great place to socialize, eat good food, and drink tasty beer! I would definitely reccommend this to people. I had a very creative burger called the popper burger which was really good. The person I was with also got a burger and said it was really good. We tried a few of the beers and were very impressed with them! I came on a Monday or Sunday night and it was busy. This is kind of a loud, social place, so I wouldnt reccommend going here if you're looking for a quiet, classy dinner...it is a brewing company!
I love the establishment and the feel of this place. There is one other thing I love about this place and that is there Thai style wings holy goodness make me cream myself! If I was not a total beer connoisseur I could say this was good beer but I am so I can't. This beer is good if you just jumped off the Budweiser ban-wagon. They make one note worthy beer in my opinion and it is the hop-squash. It is a seasonal brew they put out during the holidays, the rest I well I only go during the winter months. If you are looking for real good beer head down the way to Papago brewing company!
Four stars because: parking is a bitch and they seemingly have no airconditioning. This is bad and yest good because you can "walk off" your buzz and because you drink more beer when hot. And they have TWO stalls for the ladies room- which at a bar is just stupid.
Four good stars because: atmosphere is great. The beer battered chicken is cheap and awesome, plus, they serve vinegar with their fries! Also- the Raj beer is amazing. This was great to take our friends on Friday, in the summer, after work, because it was crowded!!!! Yay for a place in Tempe in the summer which is crowded.
Yeah the parking sucks, and it can be difficult to find.  I swear this place must be located it the middle of the Beer-muda fucking Triangle cause I *always* seem to have a hard time finding my way back here, no matter how many times I've been.

Personally, I like the food at Four Peaks, it's definitely a cut above the standard BEAT TO DEATH "bar food" and other lame pub grub you'll find on many a valley bar menu.   My favorite beers are the Hop Knot and Kilt Lifter, although I enjoy them all.  

The patio is where I prefer to sit, when it's available.   Inside at the bar can be pretty loud during peak hours, making conversation with the person next to you difficult.   The factory industrial setting is nice, not something you get a lot of in Phoenix.  Kinda reminds me of how the Bridgeport Brewery in Portland used to be, before they remodeled and made it all fancy-pants.  Bridgeport, if you're reading this, why didn't you just keep the vestigial loading dock on the building, why??

Anyhow, seeing as how the Valley of the Sun/Phoenix megametropolitan/whatever the hell you want to call it area, has a total of something like four locally owned brewpubs, and I love brewpubs, this place rates high on my list.

So suck it, big soul-less franchises, I'll be chillaxin' at my locally owned brewery.
Great place to watch a game!

Our neighbors introduced us to this place and we love it! It's a great place to go and have a few beers and watch the game. It became somewhat of a weekly tradition for us. Great beers (and a damn good bloody mary!) good food... and all around good place to hang out. It tends to be rather noisy there, even on a non game day/night so I definitely don't recommend it as a date spot unless you don't plan on doing a whole lot of talking =) 

They have a decent brunch menu on Sundays but I prefer their regular menu items.
tempe landmark, this is the hot spot, right off Dorsey its a 180 from the mill ave scene.  amazing beer and a menu inspired around it. huge portions make it a for sure place to hang with friends, great patio, lots of flat screens, check it out
Four Peaks baby.  This spot is awesome.  Great place to meet up with a crowd, grub, and pound some craft brew.  The food is great: dope appetizers , rockin' burgers, decent pizza, and daily specials.  The beer is fantastic, hop knot being my fave.  They have happy hour everday from 3-7 and 10-close with dollar off beers, a light night menu, TV's, and a pool table.  I've gotten mashed here more than a few times.  Sunday brunch is killer, and may I suggest you try the Stout milkshake, a little known secret, but good for the sweet toof.  Don't miss out on the Peaks.
My buddy told me about this place. He said "dude we gotta go there" and so we did. We had a pitcher of Kilt Lifter for about $12.50. I dont usually buy pitchers so I dont know about the price but since he said they brew it there I guess the price is ok. The beer battered fries were good and the fish and chips was served really hot. Its very convinient that there is a blue bus line running through there, no need for DD. Great for groups!
I've been coming here forever.  Through the years, I have seen many come and many go.  This place has always remained faithful.  It's a VIkings bar so if you get there on football night, it will be loud.  They are loud most of the time anyway.  However, the food is great and the beer is even better.  The best sandwich is the Salmon BLT.  The best appetizer are the NACHOS.  The best beer is the IPA or the HOPKNOT.  The specials here are always good.   Other than one snooty server, they have always had great service and the beers are priced very well.  I will never understand why somebody would pay $6 for a bottle of beer at Dos Gringos when you could get a pint of hand crafted ale here.  Also, the seating is nice here.  Many times I will chill out by myself at this place on a nice rainy afternoon and just "escape".  Sometimes the parking can be a bit tricky.
Yet another happy hour favorite, especially when it's a little cooler and you can enjoy the outside patio.  Lots of space, and good service.  I always get the Bavarian Pretzel - a favorite!  Others love the Beer Battered Chicken Strips with Chiptole Ranch, and if you're in for a (fattening!) treat get the Oatmeal Chocolate Stout shake.
Back before I was a Yelper, I lived in Tempe right around the corner from Four Peaks, and I would head over there at least weekly.  I can honestly say that I have never had a bad meal there, and that I've tried nearly the entire menu.  

It's a sports bar and a brewery so it's not high-falutin' cuisine, but it is good. The burgers are big and tasty, the fries are seasoned, lightly battered and crispy.  The veggies, whether in a salad or cooked are always fresh and not overdone.  The enchiladas are delicious, the wings are good, and the pizzas are tasty but not average.  And the Sunday brunch is definitely worth heading over there to enjoy.

And the beer is oh so yummy.  A former professor of mine was the microbiologist on staff and he highly enjoyed and recommended their brew.

The building itself is pretty cool too.  It used to be a dairy back in the day, and the park next door is aptly named Creamery Park.  The jukebox plays an eclectic mix of alternative music; I've often heard They Might Be Giants, Pixies and other bands that get rare radio play.  And, it's a sports bar with plenty of TVs without being obnoxious for those of us who came for the food and brew.  The staff is ever changing, except for a few familiar faces, but always helpful and excellent.

I'd give it 4.5 stars if it were possible, but it's not.  And I can't give them 5 stars because of parking and seating issues.  This place is often too busy to handle the crowd, but in the past year they have added a host station to fairly find a seat when it's incredibly crowded.
In a rush to get from point A to point B but still enjoy a nice lager or ale... I found myself on the front porch of the "Peaks" peeking at a beverage listing and selecting a pasta dish.
Really what sold me on giving the forth star was that there was a very wide array of foods for a brewery house and the chicken rolls that we got while we were waiting for our entrees.  Divine.  

It was a good night in the Valley and I can never complain when I am supplied Ace Pear Ale on tap!  A secret weapon that may have pushed that extra star out of me.
Mmmm...Kiltlifter!

I've been to Four Peaks several times, but gosh dang it, I can't tell you a thing about the food! I know I've eaten there, but honestly, when I think of Four Peaks, I think of beer and nothing else. The Kiltlifter is by far one of the best beers I have ever had the pleasure of chugging. You can get bottled Kiltlifter in stores now, but you gotta try it from the tap at least once. In its freshest state, Kiltlifter is as close to perfect as an amber ale can get.

And of course there's food at Four Peaks...I have a vague, fuzzy memory of a pizza with pine nuts. I think it was good...

BTW, I'm a little confused as to why 48 people voted that there was no alcohol at this place...it's a brewery???
I gave an extra star just because it is so fun to hang out here.  The waitresses are always cute and friendly and not afraid to pour your drink.  Alot of my friends are in love with the food here, I have to disagree. I think good but not great.  Still this place gets the nod from me just because it is so fun to hang out.  Chances are you will meet some new friends there too.
OMG.  I have found the worlds best beer.  It's the one and only Kilt Lifter.  Just an amazing beer.  Four Peaks makes so many great beers, from my favorite Kilt Lifter to the Oatmeal Stout and my favorite seasonal, Pumpkin Porter.  Their beers are so good, that I carry two of them (Kilt Lifter and Hot Knot) at my own pub in Laveen/Phoenix.  The food here is pretty good too, the spinach dip is tasty and so are most of the other apps.  Service is pretty good too...plenty of servers so you'll have someone there to give you the attention you need.  Good luck finding a seat during happy hour, especially Thurs and Friday this place gets packed. The one downside is the parking...or lack there of.  If you get there on a busy day, you may have to park like 1/2 mile down the road and walk to the brewery.  But, with these beers it's totally worth the walk.  See you there!
Four Peaks has an excellent atmosphere, amazing breakfast food and the BEER is so delicious.  My favorite is the Oatmeal Stout and 8th Street Ale.  The warehouse atmosphere and patio really make the experience.
Really good beer and beer selection. My favorite beers include their Sunbru and the Arizona Peach. The seasonal Hopsquatch is pretty intense and the Pumpkin Porter is amazing. Their food is pretty good too. I am a fan of their soft pretzels, side salads, the vegetarian burger and sandwich, and their beer battered fries! The best time to come is during happy hour to get cheaper pitchers. Downside to Four Peaks has to be the crowd, tons of college bro's and ho's, so to speak, and lots of sports on the flat screens. We sit outside which is nice since they have heaters for chilly nights. Service can be slower on busy nights. They used to have bike parking but had it removed, they should put the bike rack back in.
Woo Hoo! 100th Review!

Set in an out-of-the-way, non-mainstream location, Four Peaks Brewing Company screams authenticity. The building is a gorgeous, brick warehouse originally constructed in 1892. As a former warehouse, the vaulted ceiling is massive standing 35 feet tall, the interior has all the room and more you could possibly want for both brewing and eating, and it even includes an expansive outdoor patio for taking in that amazing Arizona sun. But the best part is that on NFL Sundays, a group of die-hard fantasy fans gather to watch no less than 11 televisions - mostly plasma - and every game at the same time.

The menu is not terribly creative and features dishes you're likely to find on any brewpub menu with few surprises. I had an Italian beef sandwich served on house made beer bread. It was tasty, but not overly impressive. It was basically a high-end glob of cheese, peppers, onions and beef on a decent chunk of bread. The accompanying breaded fries, however, were outstanding. For dessert I tried the special - a small, individual strawberry tart. It was very, very good.

Overall, the beer was well above average and lends well to sitting and drinking all day, every day. My favorites were the Hefeweizen (which I don't normally go for), the Kiltlifter and the Raj IPA.

I found the Kolsch to be a bit sweet but perfect for beginners. The peach was barely peached, which I appreciate. The Hop Knot Pale had a strong up-front bitterness without any of the lingering complexity, so I didn't care for it. The Raj IPA took care of that problem and was much tastier. The Kiltlifter was sweet and spicy, almost like a Christmas Ale and the Hefe was flawless. I just wish they had more dark offerings than just the Oatmeal Stout, which could use some work.
Someone told me this place has beer-battered bacon? If this is true, then WHOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HALLELUJAH! Bacon is a beautiful thing. In fact, I think the bacon is so good you can just order plates of bacon, and they will let you because they are nice like that. Mmmmm...

Four Peaks has a great beer selection and an outdoor patio that is quite nice in the spring/summer/fall/even winter because this is Arizona, isn't it? Stays pretty warm all year long. :D

I hear the Pumpkin Porter is to DIE for. Or...well, maybe not D I E (don't kill yourself!), but it's pretty damn good and sells out fast. SO HURRY! Oh wait, it's probably already sold out. Soz. 

The appetizers here are quite delicious, and I enjoyed those...though I can't remember what I had...Thai Hummus? Calamari? WHY CAN'T I REMEMBER? Some review this is...The food isn't TOO greasy, I don't think it's greasy at all, so you are in luck. 

We got lost coming here (not a local, soooooorry), but let me tell you, when we actually arrived it was just plain nice to sit outside on that patio and drink a beer and chit chat about how damn nice everything was. 

So, FOUR STARS...I'd give it five, but I don't even really LIKE beer (meh) -- but that's how good this place is, it actually made me WANT to get a beer. I don't think that has EVER happened before. Except for a Guinness.
Four Peaks is great on all levels but one.... parking.  Don't go there after 5 expecting to have an easy time parking.

The beer is great, but don't expect any other beer than the ones they make.  The food is terrific and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  I haven't met anyone who didn't love this place.
I've been a Four Peaks drinker for some time and stopped by their North Scottsdale location for kegs, but have never stayed to eat and have never been to the Tempe location.

We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon to enjoy some of their famed Pumpkin Porter and some tasty food.  We realized upon walking up that we had chosen a game-day.  This proved a challenge in securing a table(s) large enough for our group, but inevitably added to the ambiance and experience.  The beer was as good as ever and the food was quite a surprise (more than the mediocre bar fare we had expected).  The service was good, especially considering the large crowd that had amassed in preparation for the upcoming game.  In fact, a line was forming along the sidewalk just to find a place to sit.

The food was great, but the star continues to be the beer.  I think I'll have to go back and get a brewery tour.
their beers always hit the spot. great atmosphere and before we became veggie, the chicken sandwiches are super tasty. and the prices is good. we have to flag the waiters down sometimes, but they are always busy, so what do you expect.
Trying to find parking here is a nightmare, but the atmosphere is great. This is my favorite location. They have a great patio, great beer and the chicken rolls are so good. I crave them all the time. Yum!
3.5 stars.  I like four peaks.  Its an acceptable destination in Tempe for me.  They have above-average bar food (with slightly above average bar food prices) and obviously good beer.  I'm a fan of 8th street ale (aptly named after the street the brewery is on) and the peach.  They had this AMAZING seasonal Pumpkin Porter this winter.... *le sigh* So. Delicious. And the salmon BLT is a contender for my "last meal on earth".  The beer battered fries are delicious as well and even their side salad is unusually tasty for you know, a simple side salad.

I don't come here very often since it's a bit of a drive for me from Phoenix but when I do stop by its during the workweek around 6-9.  Not sure what the scene is like on weekend, I'd imagine it gets lively what with all the alcohol and sporting events being broadcast on the many TV's hanging inside.

The wait staff has always been prompt and friendly.  The clientele is usually pretty diverse mix of Tempe folks.  Usually very spirited, which is not really what I look for in a drinking establishment but by no means bad and at the very least entertaining.

I get annoyed that every time I come to this place they analyze my ID for like 3 minutes and usually ask for alternate forms of ID.  I understand it's a necessary precaution, really, I do, but its still annoying.  Reckon I should update the photo on my ID huh. I mention it just to give a heads up if your photo ID is looking less than accurate. 

This is a good place to come with a group of friends though.  A great spot to get a feel for Tempe.
Parking here is no easy feat...like many places in Tempe, but  walk and you'll be fine! Food is pretty good and great beers brewed onsite that are constantly changing based on the season. Good spot to meet up with a big group a friends especially on a nice day when you can sit outside, or before or after a game at ASU down the street. Scottsdale location is nice too, but this is a little more casual.
How have I lived in Phoenix all my life and never been here?

Talk about an awkward location, perched in the middle of a residential neighborhood by some old defunct railroad tracks, but inside Four Peaks is an awesome spot. They have TVs at every turn and it doesn't matter where you are inside, you can see at least a couple of them. They have a patio that is terrific patio for people watching, and since the place is so busy, you can do plenty of that.

The beers here are delicious, I especially like the Hop Knot, and their food is slightly above average. I didn't care for my burger too much, but I thought the pasta salad it was served with was the shit. I could eat that alone for my meal. 

Service at Four Peaks is also great. They have quite a few hot bartenders working at a time, and one of them was great at asking peoples names and trying to remember them from previous visits. She was onto me in like 5 seconds figuring out that I'm not from Tempe. How the hell do you get that? It's not like I look like a tourist in a Diamondbacks hat and my jacket on a 65 degree day in the Arizona afternoon. 

I'll go back, and shhhhh don't tell anyone but it's only 1/2 mile from the Dorsey/Apache station.
I have to be honest and say that I have only had the cheeseburger with pasta salad side at Four Peaks.  They are my favorite cheeseburgers ever though.  The pasta salad side is wonderful too.  As for the beer I love the 8th Street Ale and Kilt Lifter.  I look to try their IPAs.

Trying to go on a Friday night looks like a nightmare.  I was planning on going once and just drove past because it was so crowded.  I can only imagine how crowded it would be on the other days if it wasn't in such a hidden location.

I love how low key this place it.  I also buy their bottled beers at the market.
Great service, great beer and fantastic food....

Cant say anything better because this place is HANDS DOWN, one of the best places to eat in Tempe.
i love it because i can wear flip-flops, a t-shirt, jeans, sit outside and drink good beer. 

super easy going and a huge patio make it a favorite of mine. 

as a bonus, the food is really good, too. between the hummus and pita, quesadillas, and spinach salad, you've got a lot of great options. 

surprisingly enough, even when it's packed (which it is on any nice weekend day or a friday after work), i've still had great service. 

try the sunbrau instead of kiltlifter next time to change it up. you won't be disappointed.
I used to drink the beer from here a lot, and I always wanted to go, but for whatever stupid reason, I never made it out here when I went to ASU.  I know.  I'm an asshole.  But I didn't _know_ was an asshole.

But now that I've gone there...now I know.  I really was an asshole.  How bogus of me to not visit here!

I came with friends to grab some food and drink after a long day of running around, chasing discs.  We got seated quickly, considering how busy it was.  Err, my friends were, and I was a little late.  But we still got a a spot.  The food and beer came out REALLY quickly, which was astounding considering the commotion (people were getting ready for the Super Bowl tomorrow).

I had a Salmon BLT, which was unreasonably good since it was Arizona, and I was eating fish.  The Kiltlifter was fantastic, as I expected.  And the place is just fun to be at.  Lots of TVs to distract you, Tempe folks milling about, it was all good!  Can't wait to come again :D
What to add that hasn't been said in the past 113 reviews of this Tempe favorite brewery? Not much, to be honest:

No other beer is served besides what is brewed at the location. Asking for a non-Four Peaks beer will most likely be met with a roll of the eyes. (standard brewery stuff here folks)

Happy hour is 4pm-7pm with a reverse happy hour from 10pm-close. Beers are $3 during happy hour with pitchers running $11.

After 11pm there is only a "late night" menu which consists of most appetizers and a few simple pizzas, kitchen closes at 1am. I personally like the pretzels which are large and come with tasty brown mustard for dipping.

The "bar food" is above average as stated in many reviews; food usually comes quickly and is prepared as ordered. I've never experienced a bad dish in the 50+ times I have eaten here. Recommendations are: Bleu Light Burger (real bleu cheese crumbles, not dressing), the Salmon BLT and for an entrée the Kiltlifter Filet (split it for a smaller dinner of two).

Inside has a large chalk board with the current (see picture) beers and alcohol percentages. Recommendations are 8th St Ale, Kiltlifter and Hop Knot. The Sunbru is the lightest of the bunch for those seeking a higher quality light beer. Flights are available for those new to the beers offered.

Parking in the back is usually full but there are plenty of options on the nearby streets. Don't try to get away with parking in a neighboring business lot, you will be towed.

Enjoy!
A place with over 110 reviews and ZERO one or two star reviews has to be pretty great, right? Right. I've been to this place several times and have yet to have a bad experience. I love the environment- big patio and even the indoor area (to the right when you walk in) is open air yet in the walls of the brewery. 

My favorite beer= the hef
My favorite food= beer bread sandwiches 

Biggest negatives: how crowded this place often gets & their awkward location/poor parking availability. But, it's crowded because it's good, right?
I loved this place while I went to school at ASU.  It has a cool location amidst the slightly industrial and residential area.  Great beers and descent food. The atmosphere, like at most AZ bars, is really cool with a great outside seating area.  Servers are awesome. I can't remember ever having any trouble with food or orders.  Parking can be a little tricky on busy nights, but there is plenty of parking about a block away in the residential area.  Try the Pumpkin Ale beer during the fall season, it knocked my flip-flops off.
We all know four peaks is great. Whenever a friend of mine has their parents in tow visiting I always recommend this place for dinner, and I always am complimented on the recommendation. The only downside for me is a few of the items are a little pricey and since going to deluxe I don't think I can ever be satisfied by a burger here again.
Great Beer, good food, and a great atmosphere.  

Everyone has already covered the greatness we call Four Peaks, so Ill keep it short.  I just wish they had one closer to me!
If I liked beer, Four Peaks would be getting five stars. (I will say they have a peach ale that is realllly tasty!!) 

I wish I were my dad right now (that's creepy, I know) because his cabinet shop is literally right next door and he frequents this joint at least once a week. He has probably tried every beer and item on the menu over the past few years. 

I have been to this Four Peaks probably four times now, and I have been really happy with everything I have eaten. The 5-Layer Nachos (sofaking gooooodddd!!), Spinach Dip, Pizza, Hummus and even the Veggie Burger. They pour a healthy vodka soda and the prices are reasonable. Service is a tiny bit slow, but it is Tempe.

One of my favorite things about this location is that it is hidden from the world. If you didn't know it was there, you wouldn't know it was there (I swear that makes sense in MY head). I just wish they would allow you to bring dogs on the patio!

If you ever get a spare moment, find Dallas G and ask him to tell you his story about Nachos. It's quite a tale told with so much fervor that you yourself might start believing in their power... 

And if all of this wasn't enough, it's right next door to Uranus Studios (owned and operated by Robin Wilson of the Goo Goo Dolls) so you may get to split bread with someone relatively famous in the 90's!
Nice! Will need to come back here to pass better judgment, but so far:
- open late on a Monday
- friendly staff (I've never heard of someone mixing beers to approximate something that you wanted that they ran out of, but they did)
- cozy atmosphere in which to either zone out by your lonesome or chill with votre amis (I'm on business travel by my lonesome for three weeks, so I was the latter that third-parties would likely take pity on when I'm in reality running a GREAT buzz and fully entertaining myself)

And no cons to report! Sad I don't know other people to go here with...who wants to go with me??
Best beer in Arizona: Hop Knot IPA. Their Raj IPA is great too, but Hop Knot is their gem. Do not buy into the hype over Kiltlifter, it is not all that. Their food here is great, some of the best pub food I have had. Fish N Chips are especially bomb. Be sure to try theri sweet jalapeno sauce with your fries...
As I'm not a "beer kind of girl" I can't attest to the brews here. The atmosphere at Four Peaks is your average busy brew pub with a bit of college-bar thrown in. We stopped in on a Friday night, and it was PACKED. I mean standingroomonlywalltowallpeoplepushingcraziness packed. The guys had a brew, which was deemed "okay" and we had iced teas which were good. I saw some of the food go by and it looked tasty. I would rather come back on a weeknight, when I can hear the people I came to visit, but I'd give it another go.
This gets all five stars on the hop knot alone. MMMM! All of the beers are delicious, maybe excluding that peach one just because it's sweet enough for a little kid to like it, which is a good sign that a drink is bordering on gross. OH DREAMY HOP KNOT! COME TO ME IN BARRELS, PLEASE! 

The food is pretty descent too. I've only had a few things on the menu and I'm about as picky as a vulture, but the fish and chips are always delicious. Also, when you smother the mushroom swiss burger in ranch, I could cry it's so tasty. I love the way good bar food places have super delicious ranch, where do you get that stuff in a store? 

Other friends have told me that I should venture out on the menu because it gets pretty good, but there's something about the atmosphere around there that just makes me want something as easy and quick as a burger or something fried. No thanks chipotle chicken salad pita wrapped thingy, you would feel toooo healthy and I wouldn't feel guilty about you after we finished. 

The service here has also always been fairly good, and we've always been able to get a table relatively quick when it's not past ten on thursday, friday, or saturday. It fills up quick around then so if you're looking for a sexy time with some sexy people, you might end up getting a sweaty time with some drunk people. That's not always a bad time though, if you're into that.
Gods, I loves me some Four Peaks!

I've been there with huge crowds and small crowds, and the experience has always been fantastic. Sure it's busy. Sure it's loud. It's a craft-brew pub on CAMPUS! What do you expect?

The pretzels are amazing. The burgers are gourmet. And the beer... oh, the beer. Whatever is seasonal, get it. Then go for the Hop Knot if you're a hophead like me.

You'll enjoy.
Great beer, Good atmosphere, Non annoying music and great wait staff make this my favorite place to spend an evening.
So a bunch of scientist walk into Four Peaks Brewery... true story.

While on a training course at the Arizona State Lab, we all decided to have a group dinner at this brewery in Tempe.  There were about twenty of us.  We weren't expecting to sit together, but they accomodated us quite nicely.

With twenty of us.. they sure kept everything organized.. I was very impressed.

Several of us ordered various ales and beers and brews.. I'm not a beer person.. so I didn't drink any.

Someone did order the sampler and we all had a chance to try some and a lot of them were actually pretty good.. 

From what I remember.. I think I liked the pale ale and the peach ale the best.

I would have ordered my own.. but they come in large glasses and I dont usually drink that much alcohol in one sitting.. so I passed..

I ordered the fish and chips.. it came with beer-battered fried fish and french fries.  It was very good.  The portions were big so I was able to take some back to the suite and take it back to the lab for lunch the next day.

It seemed like a college hang out.. it was very crowded but it was such a laid back place.. we all had fun.

If ever I find myself in Tempe again.. I'm definitely stopping by there again..
OMG, try the Peach Beer ladies, you'll be ordering beer all night, for the TASTE for once!!!!  We were visiting from SoCal for Spring Training and the hotel clerk recommended this place.  It was just a 15 minute drive from our hotel.  The food was amazing, the beers are great.  The service was great.  We had to wait a little while for seating, but it was worth the wait.  Food came out almost immediately, but not over or under done.  They must know what they are doing in that kitchen!!!!!!  

I will definitely eat here again when we are back for Spring Training next year!  GOOOOO DODGERS!!!!
I love the brew pub that really looks like brewing is going on.  Like they had a big warehouse set up to brew beer and then said 'Hey! We could add a bar and some tables and sell the beer right here! Its just crazy enough to work...'

I choo-chooed it here on the light rail one Friday for happy hour and the experience was perfect (even with the guy who tried to pick up my girlfriend right in front of me.)  I wanted to see an obscure basketball game and it was already playing when I sat down - I didn't even have to ask. And their tastey drafts were $3.  This is my kind of place. If a good brew pub tickles your fancy, Four Peaks is a must stop.
Love vs. Hate

Four Peaks has great beer.  Not just great beer but locally brewed great beer.  Nestled at once was an off the beaten path locale on 8th street in Tempe, it now lies sandwiched between several local businesses and an avalanche of college student housing.  And here is where the problems begin.

HATE:

Parking is beyond nightmarish and this is where the torment begins.  The lot upon which 4 peaks is situated holds enough parking for roughly 20 cars.  Sure you can also park on what used to be part of the Santa Fe railroad, but even these coveted spaces fill up quickly.  The neighbors are not amused by the amount of traffic that the brewing eatery produces and as such you cannot park in any of the close by business lots even at off hours without your car disappearing via a towing service in a matter of minutes.  The over flow of students and 4 peaks rise in local lore means that you will very likely end up parking either around the corner or so far away that you have to walk several minutes before you can even glimpse the well lit patio exterior.

The walk is brutal in the summer time and frustrating any other time of year, but many a times I had made this walk knowing that the ample interior and patio would always have a seat waiting for me.  But no longer.  Such is the crush and menagerie of the populace that now even on some week nights hostesses now hold sway over seating and my last attempt to simply stop in for a quick Pumpkin Porter were dashed by the half hour wait time and a bar full of people I wanted nothing to do with.  So how did my once beloved out of the way Tempe chill spots suddenly turn into a family dining establishments that draws from every age, creed and social base the valley has to offer?

Simply put; 4 Peaks really is that good.

LOVE:

It is a beer lover's paradise with a massive selection of locally made suds offered up all year round.  From heavy stouts to warm and keep at bay the nights chill to light, easy to quaff ales to chase away the summer's heat 4 peaks has it all.  While there are certain styles that I personally shy away from, you can't go wrong no matter what you order.  Not sure what you fancy, then grab a sampler platter.  Not a beer person, then order up your favorite mixed drink.  One of the first things I did upon returning to this sun drenched paradise was swelter in the noon time heat sipping an apricot ale.  More recently I through on a hoodie and made a late evening dash for something with a little more moxie to it; the seasonal heavy weight of Pumpkin Porter.

Pumpkin Porter might just be the greatest beer ever.  Ok, so that is totally not true but the fact that it is A) good B) Seasonal and thus only available this time of year and C) Popular because it is so good makes it a highly coveted drink.  So obsessed with this brewed beverage are I and my friends we are known to stalk the few local bars that buy 4 peaks beer by the keg and once the brewery is out we mercilessly descend upon these other locales like a pack of vampires and suck the taps dry.

But alas, man cannot live on beer alone and 4 peaks offers up a wide and varying range of excellent food to go with the hand crafted brews.  Think pairing food only works with wine?  Not so and the folks at four peaks have been doing it for years upon years.  After all what good is ordering a semi-gourmet lunch if you don't have the proper pint to go with it?

Pricing for the beer is decent and most of it can be ordered by the pitcher or even taken home in one of four peak's custom growlers (not so for the Pumpkin Porter).  Food is a bit pricey (this is after all a brewery) but worth the money.  No cover and proper attire is never required.  Be warned, as mentioned parking is horrendous and if you want to relax and enjoy yourself pick off days and weekend days for the best experience.
Four Peaks is one of my favorite places to go in AZ. The food is unbeatable as far as bar food is concerned if you ask me. Try the French Dip with a side salad. The best ever!
We went there for happy hour. I had a Peach Ale, which reminded me of some sad brews I encountered in Eastern Germany before the wall came down. It somehow tasted stale and musty. I had their Kilt Lifter and Hefeweizen at the Casey Moore's Oyster bar, and they tasted much better...so it is a mixed bag. The outdoor seating area is nice, but lacks a bar where one could communicate with other drunkards. Hence this place is more a bit for families, unless one wants to spend a perfect sunny afternoon at their cavernous and dark inside bar. Our waitress had quite an attitude and definitely felt to have a higher calling than waiting on tables. But the other waitresses seemed a more happy kind, so the other reviews are probably right and ours just was an exception. In summary, if you seek a nice happy hour experience go to Casey Moores!
I'll give this one a four for atmosphere and BEER... and Steve the manager. He rocks. The food- eh. I don't go for the food.
So last 4th of July, we were having a keger. Hubski went to pick up the keg from Four Peaks (ice cold Kiltlifter) and there were some waitresses talking about the 4th and how they have no idea what it's about. Well hubski shows up and tells them all what's what. Now we've got a friend in Steve forever.
Everytime we are there, he takes a break to chill with us. We got a tour of the facility. This is cool- the Kiltlifter is supposed to be a Scottish beer. Four Peaks actually has biologists balance the water to match the chemicals to Scottish water. The same with the Hefe- the water matches German water. This is all so that we can have the most delicious and authentic beer possible.
Four Peaks is a laid back place, great beer, good people-watching. Bar food.
solid 4 star place.  don't hesitate to hit up the happy hour with some friends and take advantage of the $11 pitchers and a pile of excellent nachos.  the nachos are the type with melted cheese and not ballpark cheese sauce which i hate on nachos!  the crowd here is very relaxed and non-pretentiious.  it's a great spot for outdoor seating.  this was my first stop last night.  next stop was.....american junkie
Great beers, Great ambiance, Incredible food.  This is the standard other bars have to try to match up to.
Everyone knows this place rocks.  It has the best bar food you're likely to come across and some great beers that are so good you can even get them at the local liquor store.

Something others have probably not mentioned -- They have the best tasting water.  My boyfriend was talking about tap water and how gross it is when he turned and said "do you know who has the best water?" I got pretty excited because I did in fact know the answer: Four Peaks.  So did he.  Then we high fived.

I also appreciate the listed % alcohol content.  Sure I used it to order things like the IPA and get fucked up, but now I genuinely like IPA. Thanks Four Peaks!
Got invited here for HH and dinner.
When the fish n chips special is walleye...well, you just can't say no!  The fish fry was awesome!  I haven't had walleye since my father died, and his birthday is coming up, so it was a great tribute.
5 generous pieces of fish came with super-crispy fries, tartar sauce as well as cocktail sauce, a side of coleslaw and...malt vinegar with the condiments!  
Four Peaks got it right.  Though the fish was a bit greasy on the outside, it was really tasty and fried perfectly.  There was not too much batter, so I could actually taste the fish.  Having the malt vinegar to douse the fries with gets major cool points.  Add a few dashes of salt and...mmmmyummy!
The coleslaw was, eh, nothing major.  
Really random crowd with many different types of people made me not cringe so much that I had been invited there.  I avoid the ASU crowd like the plague.  
It was a bit loud to have a decent conversation, but it *was* Friday.
Oh, and I got a parking spot right out front.  How can you beat THAT???????????
Great place to hang out or eat! The food is good and the beer is wonderful! The pretzels are to die for. They brew their own beer and do an incredible job. I am a bit of a beer snob and enjoy theirs immensely. 

The only downside to Four Peaks is that it is always busy. I mean crazy busy. However, the staff does a nice job of getting you into a table as quick as possible.
5 words....

HAPPY HOUR ON A SATURDAY!!!

Yes, every day actually! from 3-7pm and a late night happy hour too starting at 10pm!! How can that be true??? Well I guess in Arizona they know how to party! $11 pitchers and $3 pints, yes it could be a little cheaper, but hey it is a happy hour every day of the week! And their beer is really good! AND they will give you FREE samples of all of their beer too!!! This is like brewery heaven!!!

To top it off, a group of people came here in Crank or Drank shirts on their first ever biking and drinking tours and this was on their tour for good reason! Their Hefe is awesome, complete with lemon wedges of course, and their Sunbru was so so refreshing on that hot day in AZ! Adriana and I definitely had our fair share of pitchers, along with an order of their beer battered fries and their specialty ice cream cake! Well, that was actually roopas, and just an FYI, oreo crumb crust and Hefe don't really mix......so save the cake for when you are done drinking ha ha

But the waiters here (the ones that don't look like they are 15!!!!!) are helpful and friendly and nice, and you will definitely get carded here, even though literally I actually felt old here since all the girls look so young! Some of them must have had workers permits I swear!

That aside, as long as they can bring me good beer on happy hour prices, I am sold.
took some friends there straight from the airport cold beer great outside seating  great food and service
they has nice water. 



i've only been here a couple times, but every time has been enjoyable.

but last night i just drank water and tried to hydrate up. 

my most common experiance with Four Peaks is drinking their Hefe at the Roosevelt. I guess if i lived near Tempe, i could be convinced to drink here more often.
"The water here is amazing" ahaha.. I came here a few weeks ago and one  of the guys that we were with was going on how the water here is so great and its the same water they use in the beer.  So any time we asked our sever for water we would say, we have heard good things about it.

Anyway this place is legit. We got a table out side and chilled drinking beer and enjoying the scenery. The Hop Knot was on point and the other beers were great as well. The food was tasty but nothing spectacular. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants to escape the major chain restaurants in the area. (Yeah I know Four Peaks has two locations but it doesn't have that over processed feel like Chilies or Gordon Biersch
Location = Convenient. The brewery is literally a hop, skip and a jump from Sky Harbor Airport (well, when you are not in rush hour). 

Atmosphere = Trendy College Kids with a sprinkling of Trendy Grown Ups. By 6PM, this joint was hopping and people were spilling out of the patio onto the sidewalk. 

Beers = Tasty. I am not particularly fond of beers, but the Arizona Peach was a winner. I then graduated to the Kilt Lifter and that's where my memory goes fuzzy, but I hear that I had a great time. 

Parking = Nonexistent and the only downer to an otherwise great time with good friends.
Tempe location is by far better than Scottsdale as far as atmosphere goes - seeing the beer equipment just sets the right mood for drinking what you know is in fact a fresh beer.

Food choices vary from traditional pub fare to a few fusion type items, and is all average to above average.  Service is hit and miss for me, and the Tempe location can get very busy during peak hours so I'd recommend a daytime visit, preferably on a weekday.
My friend took me here the other night - shocked I hadn't visited since moving to Phoenix last year. I'm a big fan of their Kiltlifter brew and wasn't disappointed to try it straight from the brewery.  

Nice atmosphere with the interesting and eclectic mix of people Tempe seems apt to provide.  Perfect place to chill and tell some ridiculous stories with your friends.

Plus, all the waitresses are pretty cute :)
Dear Bouncers at Four Peaks,

So many people "judge a book by its cover"--and for good reason--the "cover" is the first impression that one gets of a business. At Four Peaks, you make for a terrible "cover" and I will not return until your attitude improves. Get off your high peaks. Until then, I'm off to buy a 40 of Bud Light at Circle K.

Kind regards,

Former Customer
When Robert M and I were in San Francisco for his birthday week, we went to the 21st Amendment Brewery (SOMA neighborhood) and were introduced to the Hell or High Water Watermelon Wheat Ale. Whoever thought that up is a genius, pure genius!! We were under the assumption that to experience anything remotely near that, we'd have to go back there. Well, we didn't have to go too far, it turns out, to get a great microbrew beer and mighty fine eats.

Enter Four Peaks Brewery: The Valley's answer to beer connoisseur's question "Where does one go locally to imbibe on regional ales et. al.?"

Four Peaks has so many things going for it. They IDed me (loves it!), which really helps my ego in these, my more ancient hours. They have converted a warehouse effectively into a sweet dining location. The wait staff is quite efficient. Their selection of beers is tops. And the food is pretty darned good. We started out with the Peach Ale, a slightly sweet beer with a clean finish and truly a masterpiece. Our appetizer was the calamari (are you kidding me?? That's a whole squid!) I went for the Popper Burger, a delightful combination of beef--medium rare--jalapeños, cream cheese and onion fries. This isn't for wussies, which is why I didn't get far in finishing this. As good as it was, I suppose I wasn't cut out for such intense peppers on my burger. Ship me back to Ohio, postage due.

Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed our lunch at Four Peaks. What knicks the fifth star was that it was rather warm in the section in which we were seated and there was no shortage of flies. Yes, I get that we're in the Valley and it's turning summer, and that we were basically eating outdoors. Four Peaks can't control the weather nor the insects. But I'm home now and really jonesing that Peach Ale and have no immediate means of getting one. So, allow me this minor infraction.
My favorite outside dining spot during the hot summer nights.
The service is always quick.
People watching is premium.
Love the rustic, off the beaten path vibe.
Everything I've had to eat is tasty, fresh and hearty. Really like the Spinach Salad with blackened chicken.
You always leave completely satisfied.
Big ass hamburger + cream cheese + jalapenos + fried onion strings = was like oral sex for fatties.. and I enjoyed every provocative second of it. 

Their Kilt Lifter was a brilliant, boozy concoction that sits on the tongue, dark and heavy like a dirty secret. My gal had the Raj IPA and it had the kind of curious sparkle to turn my eh-ness regarding IPAs to hell-yeahness. 

I absolutely regret coming here. All my local breweries are utterly inferior compared to this surprising find.
Four Peaks serves up some great beers and great eats.  This is no secret so no matter which day out of the year or which hour and minute out of the day you go you will see a full patio, and a populated bar.  Plan accordingly.  Try their Italian beer bread, the Carne Adovada, or the Southwest burger and wash it down with a pint of Hop Knot or Kilt Lifter.  You will be happy you did.  All of Four Peaks' menu items are appropriately priced and you will always leave satisfied.
A bit hidden, but worth the find!!! The food is pretty good, but I especially recommend "Kilt Lifter" for the beer lover. No really. Warning: Even though it's hidden, this place is very popular with the locals, which makes parking and seating difficult some nights.
Probably like many recent college graduates who enjoys the drink, one of my life goals it to eventually open up a microbrewery. I tend to shy away from the idea of a brewpub since I believe that an establishment should place focus on either its beer or the food. Places that do both tend to have mediocre beer and food or excellent beer but bad food. Four Peaks somehow passes the test on both their food and the beer.

First off, parking sucks and the place gets busy. I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed. But with Happy Hour, what do you expect? Three dollar pints allowed me to try a bunch of their beers. My favorites included Kilt Lifter, Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA. They even held a delicious cask ale, style of holding beer that (thankfully) seems to be making its way into breweries and bars. 

The food included fairly typical brewpub fare. Burgers, wings, sandwiches etc. All of our items were of fairly decent quality. Or perhaps I was a bit too drunk to really notice the awful nature of the food. But fuck it, that beer was good. Hands down the best brews I've had at a brewpub.
Regular in the work rotation for lunch. Parking can be rough if it's during busy hours but there is plenty of street parking around and behind the brewery. Each time I visit, I always get the Four Peaks Cheeseburger and beer battered fries. Their fries are some of the best that i've ever had. Sadly, I don't drink but when i introduced some friends and beer aficionados for lunch on a visit, they were hooked to the beer and the food.

Warning: If you sit inside in the back, it can smell a little weird due to the beer vats. You get used to it after awhile. Also, no air conditioning in the hot summer months.
Love their Heffe weizen!! and they have other kinds of beers that taste good. Their appetizers and sandwiches are well served. It get's crowded in their happy hours so make sure to have patience to find a spot to park.
A+++ for the patio that you can sit on during the hot ass summers.  
The food was pretty good (I had a burger with fries) but I don't recommend the ice cream cake for dessert.  Next time, I'll skip the cake and order another beer.  
Had the Kilt Lifter and it was great.  The Heffenweizen seems pretty popular also because lots of people around me were ordering it.
Happy Hour pints are $3 and pitchers are $11.
I love this place. Yes, it is always busy and no, it is not easy to find parking, but I don't care. I don't come here to have a quiet evening, and I don't come here to be astounded by ambiance and lavishly decorated plates. I don't even drink--I come here for the food!

Everything I've tried here, I've liked. Everyone will tell you how great the beer fries are (and they really are!) but I have trouble deciding between the fries and the awesome pasta salad.  This isn't some crap pasta salad you eat at a picnic, this is good food.  The wide selection of beers is just the icing on the cake on top of a solid restaurant.

Service is always friendly, no matter how busy and loud it gets, and they're always there to get you another drink.
Ahhh, Four Peaks.  By far my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  This place is fantastic as far as brew pubs go - great beer and great food to go with it.  I can't believe I haven't taken the time to review it yet...

The Beer: pretty consistently awesome.  All the beers are at least "good," my favorites being 8th Street Ale and their IPAs (Hop Knot and Raj).  I have to say the Kiltlifter is a tad overrated, but still pretty solid, and worth a try.  I've been meaning to try one of their cask conditioned ales, but they always seem to be out, probably indicative of the quality of those selections.

The Food: fantastic!  I can't say that I've ever had a bad meal at Four Peaks.  The Italian Beef Beer Bread is the best thing on the menu, but you can't go wrong with the Chicken Fingers, Chicken Salad Pita, or really any of their sandwiches.  The fries are also great here - there's a little crispy coating on the outside that is quite tasty.  Oh, and the Spicy Thai Hummus is also a really good appetizer.  A little more liquidy than your average hummus, but really good.  It has a nice little kick to it that will have you reaching for your beer.

Bottom line, if you live in Phoenix, like beer, and enjoy eating a good meal, then you should be shot if you don't like Four Peaks.  If you haven't been yet, do yourself a favor and try it.  You'll come away happy, I promise.
Just came back from Four Peaks. Couple of caveats - my husband's the beer drinker, not me and he didn't try the sampler as he ordered without me. Although in his defence, he didn't know they had one - I took him there as a surprise with no pre-information ... I got a surprise myself though when I found it was only on-street parking. Not a big deal but would've been nice to know from the web site. Also would have been even nicer to know that the AC (if it was running) appeared to be non-existent - it was pretty dang hot in there. 

I don't know how the servers dealt with it, although the short shorts and tight tops were probably a good attempt. I've never been to Hooters but I imagine the work "uniform" is similar. 

When we sat down, it was mostly dark except for the lights of the tvs with their strobe effects. It made the menu a bit challenging. The building itself seems pretty cool, but coupled with the flashes led to an interesting comment from MH - namely that with a little tweaking, it would make a great haunted house. 

Oh, pretty noisy too - don't expect to have any real conversations in there, but anyway it's probably not the best place for one anyway. The atmosphere is very lively if that's what you're looking for,

Now to the food - good and reasonably priced. The hamburgers we had were HUGE, definitely knife and fork items. I loved the pasta salad , so much so I ordered a side order to take home. Although I probably didn't need to, so much came with the hamburger. Overall we each finished about half a plate. Saved the rest for next time (and probably the time after that ...) because it was a LOT of food. One comment about the wait staff - I know it's hot and they work very hard - but our server seemed to disappear for long periods of time. It was another guy who actually brought all the food and he was fast! 

I wish there was a way to transfer the menu to Rock Bottom, which I really like otherwise. Overall Four Peaks was ok, and maybe we'll go here again when it's cooler - a lot cooler! Enough said.
I love Four Peaks! I don't drink alcohol, which is one of the better reasons to go there.

They have one of the best appetizers EVER:
*Arizona Chicken Rolls*
just got back from Four Peaks, i had a good amout of Patron, so dont judge if i dont spell things correctly..... ANYWAYS, it was good, beer, fabulous, atmosphere great, service????? aahh, once our server finally noticed us, she was great, but when i sit for 5 minutes without anyone looking at us, i get a little annoyed...over all i will go back, and you should try this spot too!!!!!
Wonderful patio section, fantastic food and service you can't ask for better....except parking. The parking situation there kinda stinks but its okay its worth it!
Bah!  It was wicked hot in here mid afternoon!  If there was AC I couldn't find it.

I do like the place - kind of cool that it is right in the brewery.

Parking is an issue.  Street only so you may end up walking a bit.

I was glad to try Four Peaks as I have been enjoying the Kiltlifter Scottish Ale since I arrived in the valley.  One of my favorite microbrews these days.

I read in another review that they have good food and generous portions so I will be back to try the food...when the weather cools off!
It was nothing special. Slow service by tiny ladies. The potatoes we had with brunch were not so good, and the menu selections were skim and did not show much originality. However, my girlfriend LOVED the smoked bacon!
I'm not a beer drinker but the food keeps me coming back. If you order any type of sandwich, make sure you ask for it on beer bread or you're seriously missing out! My favourite is to get the roast beef with au jus on beer bread with a side of beer fries - add cheese on top for more extra tasty calories. My dad loves the beer too so if that's your thing, you won't be disappointed. The atmosphere is also awesome - the porch is kept cool with shade and misters all year 'roud and the inside is dark but open with super high ceilings and large windows. You can see back into the brewing area and there's a million TVs with various games and news on if your conversations ever lull. The wait staff is always nice and prompt with service, too. It's just a great and highly recommended place for natives and tourists alike. They even have breakfast!
I have to say I have been to Four Peaks probably at least 15 times in the past 10 months I've lived in Phoenix. That's pretty bad. But also shows how awesome Four Peaks is. 

First off, the beer is fantastic. I love several of their brews, specifically the Peach Ale and Hop Knot. If there's a seasonal out at the time, try it. Even if it's not your style, you will appreciate how well crafted it is. 

The food is never bad. Never. I've had pizza, beer bread, burgers, appetizers, and wings and they have never let me down. It's probably some of the best pub food I've ever had. The fries are to die for. If you want a great appetizer for a group, go for the spinach dip. I swear the dish it comes in never goes empty and I'm not really joking. I once ordered one as my dinner, quickly became full and offered some to about 12 friends and we only were able to finish half. 

The place is insanely huge too. Lots of different areas to sit depending on your mood and all of them are great spots. I prefer the little covered patio area off to the side the best. 

It's true the Four Peaks is always busy, but I've never waited more than 5-10 minutes to be seated, even with a group of 7. Their service has never suffered with a crowded house.
They get four stars for the food, but lose two stars for the service. I got the vibe from the entire front house staff that we were inconveniencing them with our patronage. Well, I won't make that mistake again!

Our server couldn't be bothered to smile or even make eye contact, let alone visit our table in any semblance of a timely fashion. We had to flag her down to place our order, after waiting fifteen minutes with the menus closed. She never visited our table to see if we might need more water or another drink. If it was only the server I would guess she was just having a bad day, but the front desk was also rude. There was a bouncer at the front who just stood there with his hand out and didn't say a word, I had to watch others to figure out I had to show him my ID. What's wrong, meathead, is the phrase, "hello sir may I see your ID" above your vocabulary level???

I had the eighth street ale with my meal, which was okay, but not worth any of the other rave reviews I've read here. For an ale, it was very simplistic and safe, basically tasted like any consistent ale you would get from a large mega-brewery such as Sam Adams. The best thing about the place is the music, which better be good because there is no way you are going to have a conversation in there without shouting your lungs out. Too bad that there is not much else to do while waiting, waiting, and waiting for someone to take your order, get around to bringing it to you, and eventually think about the concept of a check.
There are a few bar/restaurants in Tempe that are busy for a good reason.  This place is one of them.  Neighborhoody in its way, Four Peaks sits as the best place to take a visiting friend of any stature and taste.

Now, this place is pretty much always busy, so if you're not looking for a crowd, go elsewhere.  The crowd at Four Peaks is generally nice and attractive, everyone drinking good beer and eating good food.  The restaurant/pub is located in a beautiful brick building, hidden among the half residential, half industrial 8th street drag.  Very well designed place with giant brass kettles and wood adornments and tables abounding around the large, open seating areas.

The food is a notch above bar food.  Everything I've had I've enjoyed pretty much.  I recommend chicken strips (handmade!), italian beef beer bread, pizza and burgers all from personal experience.  The stout tiramisu dessert is great for beer lovers, though a little bitter for a dessert for some.

The beers are great.  Hands down the best micro-brewery in Tempe (I think there are only two though ;)  The stouts are rich and delicious, I'm a big fan.  I'm also a fan of the HopKnot, which is peachy and hoppy (as the name states).  For kicks, take the risk and try their seasonal beer, whatever it is, guaranteed a good experience.

Good place to go with a large group, a place to show a date you're in the know and also probably the tastiest place to rub elbows with the smarter side of ASU.
Most probably know this place for their brew, but for me Four Peaks means delicious bar food for my late night dinner needs.  With Tempe's abundance of late night dining establishments, the competition is pretty fierce!  Four Peaks gets high marks with me for it's variety of bar fare but most of all for it's delicious Fish & Chips and Blue Cheese Burger.  There fries are fab!  The patio is nice too, when the AZ weather permits it is hard to find a table out there!  I struggle not to give them four stars for these items but I have to consider the ambiance and the brew also.  For me the ambiance would be cool because I love the vintage industrial feel of the old railroad location, but then there is the standard ASU crowd, bright lighting and the standard KUPD or KDKB type music that is a buzz kill for me.  The brew offerings are award-winning according to their menu but to me the flavors are mediocre, the options are somewhat limited and they don't seem to add many new options often enough.  All of these things are matters of personal taste and do not reflect the quality of their food by any means, that being said, Four Peaks is a great place to start your night or finish it, especially if you like the college bar scene!  If you are looking for a unique dive with an unusual crowd then this place may seem a little bland, but the fish & chips will not disappoint!
When I asked the vendor to pick somewhere "local" for dinner, he suggested Four Peaks as a fun college place.  Sure enough, this is the kind of place college kids would love - lots of beer and huge portions of classic bar food.

While we were waiting for some others, the server suggested the nachos for the table.  The nachos came piled high on a double plate, with heaps of chicken and cheese, with beans and such on the side.  The flavor was actually pretty good for bar food.  After all that, I wasn't terribly hungry, but I decided to try the shrimp ceviche tostadas, just to have something more nutritious than chips and cheese.  Again, the portion was huge, and the flavor was decent, but the texture was just soft enough to make me wonder if the shrimp was sufficiently pickled.

But enough about the food, this place is a brewery.  I had the peach ale first, and it was good, but waaaay fruity.  I know, I'm the one who ordered a fruity beer, but most of the others I've had just hint of fruit.  This one tasted like peach syrup had been added.  I followed that with the Kilt Lifter.  That was a good beer - plenty of flavor without any bitterness in the aftertaste.  I also got a taste of the special Kilt Lifter that was aged in a bourbon cask, and that was some darn good beer.

I'd definitely go back when back in Phoenix, though maybe just for the beer, not the food.  After all, the bar area was picking up as the "older" patrons were headed home to bed.
I'm a new member to Yelp as of today, Woo Hoo! So why not pop my Yelp cherry with a review of the Four Peaks Brewing Company? 

I have been a fan of Four Peaks for several years. Upon arrival the hostess staff is always friendly and efficient. On a typical evening, waiting for only a few minutes is expected, the place has a laidback atmosphere, misters in Summer and heaters in winter, ensure a proper climate controlled ambiance. Outside or inside, everywhere is comfortable.

The food is great, with daily specials for entrees and soups, their menu is constantly pleasing and full. A wide array of mouth watering appetizers, entrees, and deserts, this place hits the spot almost everytime.
That's not even scratching the surface when you start with their incredible selection of home draft brews, for the faint of stomach, to the bold hopp"ie", it only gets better when every half quarter they introduce a new seasonal, like the Pumpkin Porter. You have to act fast to experience these specialties, for they never last as long as you hope.

This place is great, with positive management, sharp staff, and intelligent ownership, I look forward to visiting this place for years to come.
Four Peaks has been the setting for a good amount of cheery drunken debauchery.

My brother's patronize this spot so frequently you could swear the Prohibition was coming again.

Awesome beer is served at a bar setup that is conducive to good flow and meeting new people.

I'm a big fan of the Peach Ale- it's the girliest of the beers. 8th Street Ale is also good. As is the Sunbru.

For lunch, try one of the beer breads. The bread itself is awesome... similar to a flatbread or pita. Great texture, great flavor. Trust me, it'll fill you up for $9.

Meet somebody at Four Peaks and grab a beer. You'll be so glad that you did.
Does it get any better? This has been an ASU/AZ institution since it's inception. Great for a quick dine and and/or liquid lunch, or the quick drive by to pick up a growler of kilt lifter. Definitely a conversation starter if you walk around the party with a growler of high gravity brew. I highly recommend taking the tour and checking out the brewing process, it's interesting to know that they strip down the water and add salt, etc, to the mix to get just the right tasting water; a crucial ingredient. They can simulate the water found in all the great beer-making locales around the world, from Dublin and back. This brew will make you homesick should you ever leave; ask my bro....
By far one of my fave brewery's/bars in the valley. I look forward to the fall season bc that's when I know they will have their seasonal beer, Pumpkin Porter on tap soon. Absolutely amazing and one beer I actually  grew a craving for. My typical beer other wise is their house Hefeweizen with their order of salted pretzels with spicy mustard, which is FANTASTIC..If you're looking for a sweet but dry dark beer try the Oatmeal Stout, it's amazing as well. Alright I'm drooling thinking about this place, and no I'm no alcoholic just a beer connoisseur.
the most delicious peach ale ever created, and it's $3 after 10 pm! that's all you need to know.
Where should we start....hmm...should it be that it took forever for  the waitress to acknowledge our sheer existence (we actually had to ask another near by flirting waitress to help us FIND someone). Or should it be that once we actually ordered our appetizers, it took--not to be redundant--FOREVER also. Or should it be the overall quality of the food: everything tasted like soggy, salty fat (We mean, how are you going to F up spinach dip)! We understand the fact that it is bar food but if it is going to taste like that and be way over-priced for it's bar food quality do not waste your time unless you are already inebriated 

So lets review....
1. Horrible service
2. Takes a long time for food to come (It's BAR FOOD, COME ON)
3. Over-priced salty food (Pete's Fish n Chips same quality; way cheaper)
3. Only go if your wasted because then you will not care about the quality of food (or how much you paid for it),  remember the horrible service, or the fact that there is a gang of blubbering drunk idiots, lowering expectations with future regrets.
The owner was awesome enough to open the bar up early for all us footballer fans who wanted to see Man U take down Arsenal.  I got there a little later, but the bartenders were happy to be serving drinks, and everybody was pretty wasted.  I just had a selection of their beers.  Doing the Hef, Peach Ale (I blame my guy friend for ordering it first), and the Summer.  All were awesome and the bartenders knew to keep pouring us water as the day went on.
I didn't get any food, but everyone who did got it promptly and loved it.  They definitely don't skimp on the food.
I am coming back for all of the morning Man U games.  Arsenal sucks!
Ambiance: I enjoy sitting on the patio in the evening here. With all the hard surfaces inside and the tvs it can get pretty loud inside, but it is much quieter inside. It is interesting to see all the beer brewing equipment, sort of like a little field trip :)
Parking: Now this is the one drawback! Parking is at a premium! Be prepared to walk a little way.
Staff: I have always had good experiences. Most of the staff have been college students and while maybe not the most experienced they are friendly and helpful.
Food: The food has always been good and good portions for the price.
Beer: Now this is what we all REALLY go there for! They have their regular brews and seasonal brews. My favorite by far, is KILTLIFTER!! Man, it is good!! So, go...what are you waiting for?? Great spot for after the ASU game or what have you.
Great food up and down the menu with arguably the best French Fries in town!
After reading several reviews, I should have known better, but I went anyway.  My bad.   Like other reviewers the dolt of a bouncer sitting on a chair guarding the joint like it's the hottest club in the world should have been my first clue.  It's a flippin micro-brewery in a dilapidated old warehouse with no A/C - give me a break.  Luckily for us we passed the sniff test and he allowed us in!

Group of 9, waited a short while for a table.  They sat us at a long narrow table on the patio sort of like an alley way (not the front patio).  The table was positioned right in the crosshairs of two gigantic fans - it looked like we were standing in a hurricane - no way anyone can enjoy a meal getting blown around like that.  When I first asked the waitress to move us or turn the fans down she looked at me like I was nuts - pardon me, I'm only the customer getting my friggin' hair blown off my head by two dirty industrial fans!!!  My nieces were laughing because it was such a ridiculous situation.  I should have walked out right then...I knew better.

The manager and waitress turned the fans (much to the disappointment of surrounding diners on this hot, sticky evening).

It's loud, not air conditioned.  Pizza was supposed to take 'extra time' to prepare and ended up coming out 10 minutes before the rest of the food!  Nearly everyone in our group complained of way too much garlic in their food - must have been unofficial garlic-fest in the kitchen that night.  Even the balsamic vinegarette was loaded with garlic!  I like garlic, but this was bad.  My son ordered a pizza with meatballs and they deliver this ridiculous looking pizza with 6 whole meatballs sitting on top of it!!!  What the F is that all about?

Server was nice, I thanked her and the manager for helping with the fan situation.  Food was fair at best.  Sunbru beer tasted like a Bud Light - nothing special.

Our first and last time there.  It may be ok for the college crowd to hang out have beers and eat some bar food but I'm not going back....too many other more comfortable places around with better food, TVs for watching sports and A/C!
Ok, it's a college bar - and I believe a damn good one.  The beers are as described - good, and as with all brew pubs, fresh.  Great variety and the bar keeps and wait staff were knowledgeable.  It was 104 degrees the day I visited and outside with the misters was perfect.  Inside also was comfortable but you should know there is no AC.  Don't let that stop you.
The crowd is eclectic - college kids, professors, bikers, yuppies, and everyone seemed comfortable. 
As for the "bouncers", it's a college bar and you can't let 18-21 year old "bouncers" ruin a great bar.  I simply walked past them.  As the owner explained they are there more to keep kids from carrying drinks out than to prevent anyone from coming in.  I was road wore and it showed and they made me feel more than welcome.
Food - it's a notch above bar food and the servings are large.  The hummus was fantastic - spicy and just slightly chilled.
I will be a regular on my numerous visits to Phoenix.
Now I live a few steps away from it, so the experience gets even better!. A good option for any day of the week. Their beers are tasty and well done, good food and a good location. I like the environment that you get once inside and it is the perfect place to go in groups.
Just returned from lunch here and am quite satisfied. 

The food is good, but not overwhelmingly so. It's on the upper end of what you'd expect bar food to be. I had the mushroom swiss burger. It may not have blown me away, but it was definitely delicious. I recommend it.

The service at the bar was great, very attentive and the atmosphere is great. Laid back. Come in, have a drink, a bite to eat and just relax for a few.

The big draw to Four Peaks is they're home brews. I'd say they are a brewery fist and a bar second and I wouldn't want it any other way.

Try the Oatmeal Stout. Thanks to Austin for recommending it.
I have come more and more to appreciate some of there beers that I use to not be a fan of.  I tend to like some of there seasonal's more then there regulars. I'm a big fan of there oatmeal stout and there bourbon barreled porter and pumpkin porter.  

 I spent most of my college career randomly showing up here for family dinners, reverse happy hours, 21st Birthdays and everything else in between.  There happy hour is pretty good with discounts on pints and pitchers, but I really wish they would add food to it.  There food is good, I have yet to find something I didn't like on the menu.  Overall, great place for dinner or even to hang out on the patio and have a few beers after a long day.
Great food, great beer, great tvs, great atmosphere.
I would have given it five stars... but I think I'm a service snob.
On a moderately busy evening (Saturday, 3PM-ish, about four hours before an ASU football game), when they were heavily staffed - I think it was just our waitress. Lots of sitting and waiting and having dirty plate in front of us and empty beer glasses... however, due to the food/beer/atmosphere combo, I will be coming back... you can't get it right ever ytime, right?
If you are reading this, you have probably already been, or are considering going to Four Peaks.  Go or go back.

Food is always tasty..  Fresh beers..  Service can be a bit spotty when they are packed, but that's not uncommon..

Fun spot to chill and even watch a ball game..
This was one of the first places I was a huge fan of. Even before I was of age I would try to sneak my way in! There's good reason for all the hype around this place. 

The food here is AMAZING! I've had numerous different dishes here and they've all come out deliciously cooked to perfection. My favorite appetizer here is the hummus, which comes with warm and moist pita bread which compliments the smooth yet spicy hummus excellently. When it comes to the entree it's hard to stray from the grilled salmon BLT, which comes on a grain-covered soft wheat bread that melts in your mouth. The prices are great for how spectacular the food is, although expect to cough up a solid twenty per person for an appetizer, entree, and beers. And speaking of beer... There's no problem savoring each flavoring. Yeah, if you know me you probably can't imagine me saying that, but damn they're good. I like the Raj IPA because it's so high in alcohol, and after two or three I'm on my ass (DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE!! TEMPE PD WILL HAVE YOU ON YOUR ASS FASTER). 

The service has always been good. I've even become friends with some of the wait staff here, chatting it up outside the bar, because they're such good people. Always perfectly on time with the food and drinks, there's no way I can imagine anyone being disappointed. 

As far as atmosphere, it's what any bar/restaurant owner would dream of. Right in the heart of Tempe, but tucked away as to not get annoying with ASU pride, there are hundreds of different entertainment venues close by  that would be good for a date or just a night out with friends. They also have the best patio seating in all of phoenix (that I've seen). 

This staple of Phoenix is one that MUST be experienced...
They have beer, it's exceptionally good beer, and they brew it on the premise so they're not going to run out.  It's an even better bar to go hang out at during the ASU off-season.

Oh, and bejesus, their Arizona Chicken Rolls are phenomenal!  Wish they'd give a little more for what they charge for them but that's not going to stop me from ordering them.  These are deliciously spicy and no idea what that white sauce is I dip them in but it's good (insert that's what she said here)
Four Peaks is and was one of my favorite breweries, anywhere. The beer here is so freakin' good. (It's been my experience that it is not served super cold though.) And the food is delicious. I've spent many a'happy night here with good friends. I even had brunch here once on a Sunday, and it was fantastic.

I'm a huge supported of reusing old buildings for new things. Tempe doesn't have many old buildings left, and nothing better could have gone in this location.

My only complaint is that things have changed over the years. The last time I went, the ID checker-guy almost sneered at me, like I wasn't cool enough to be there. I felt like I was being judged before I even walked in, and that's not cool. I just wanted a beer! You used to be able to sit down at an open table and now you can't. The place has lost some of the charm that I fell in love with as an ASU student. 

But I still appreciate this place and rave about the beer they brew. If you've never been, you must go.
I have been to Four Peaks a few times and last night was for a birthday get together.  It was packed.  We claimed some chairs around the bar and ordered a few pitchers.  WHAT ABOUT THE BEER?  So here is what you want to know.  I started out with the Kiltlifter.  It was excellent, then made my way to drink  IPA.  Great too.  You can order a sampler tray of all the beers that they brew on site.  It is a fun way to find your favorite.

Last night I ordered the Salmon BLT.  It was delicious.  The sauce made it extra special.  I will order that again when I go back.  The fries that came with it were golden and crispy.  Starch heaven.

I have been to Four Peaks for Sunday brunch.  They had a brunch special that everyone at the table ordered.  I ordered off the menu.

Four Peaks is a busy place.  I don't know how the waitresses keep the orders straight with all the guests shifting tables.  Kudos to the staff at Four Peaks.  Last night we were taken care of.  Another fun event at Four Peaks Brewing Company.
This place is great.  When I was student teaching at Tempe High School, all the teachers and I would meet here on Fridays (and sometimes Thursdays) for happy hour.  The beer is great, the specials are great and the service was regularly pretty solid.  Plus parking isn't too bad either.

Highly recommended.
So disappointed to have to write this!  Our large group of 12 came at around 4:00pm and were able to get 2 tables together pretty quickly, which was great.  Then our waitress was quick to get us started on drinks, again, that was great.  

Then, a waiter came to our table and said he was taking over for our waitress and all the guys were so disappointed.  When I asked what the big deal was, one guy said men don't take care of people like women.  I thought okay, maybe he has a point.

Well, he definitely did have a point.  The waiter was HORRIBLE.  Not attentive, we sat with empty glasses for at least 10 minutes before he noticed, and several times we had to flag him down for more drinks and napkins and our check.  

It was a bummer because the space is great, the beer is great, and the food is great.....but the service ruined our whole experience.
Had a business lunch here today, so no beer! I had a "Turkey Dip" daily special, which was an interesting take on the classic French dip. I had them leave off the onions and mushrooms, so it was great thick-cut turkey slices with Swiss cheese melted in a nice crusty roll. Good au jus on the side. The side was a salad with a tasty house maid balsamic dressing. 

This is a great spot for dinner or lunch and is renown for their in-house brewery. The Kilt Lifter is a go-to beer, while they have awesome seasonal brews, as well. 

Four Peaks is in an historic location in Tempe. If you haven't been, at least try it.
I visited this location on the 19th with my dad when I was out here on vacation from Chicago. He lives near Phoenix and has been to this location and the one in Scottsdale many times and he suggested we go here. 

Like many of the other reviewers, I STRONGLY recommend the Raj IPA, if hoppy beers are your thing. And though I didn't have it while dining here, we picked up a 6-pack of their Kiltlifter at a grocery store in Avondale the night before and was also highly impressed.

As for the food, both the sweet jalapeno chicken sandwich + beer-battered fries I got here and the grilled chicken beer bread (a wrap) at the Scottsdale location were honestly about as tasty of chicken sandwiches as I've ever had. And they DO NOT skimp on portion size. I would have tried more beer but I literally could not fit anything else in my stomach. And the service was very fast and very friendly as well.

My bottom line is this: if Four Peaks is still in business the next time I'm out in the Phoenix area, coming back here will be a must.
Solid food, awesome beer, fast, helpful staff.  I've never had a problem with Four Peaks.  I would have given it five stars, but I hate (hate hate hate hate!!!!) red onions and a few too many of their entreés include them.
This is one of my favourite spots in Tempe. The staff is friendly and the food is excellent. I highly recommend the Thai Hummus as I have never been disappointed. If you go with the giant plate of nachos I was recently turned on to the fact that they are best with the blackened chicken on top. The bar is the best place to sit as all of their food is available at the bar and their bartenders are top notch. I often sit out on the patio as well and it is my experience that the waitstaff is not as knowledgeable as the bartenders and I have had disappointing service from them a few times as well. I go to the 8th Street Ale as my beer of choice but the RAJ IPA is also excellent and I recommend trying it if you see it on cask!
Ode to the Pumpkin Porter:

How I love thee, full of spice and warmth.
Waited so long for you to come, don't disappear too soon...
I may bottle you and keep you for more than a month.
Will you still excite me and keep me singing the same tune?

Pumpkin Porter is here today,
the porter may go away
but it... is.... here... TODAY!
Four Peaks is clearly well covered territory. Two quick things:
- Run, do not walk, and get yourself some pumpkin porter. I rarely go to Four Peaks anymore but I went twice last week it was so good. When it goes away I am going to cry. 
- Stay away from the Kiltlifter. It's good, but I can have just one and every single time I wake up with the most wicked hangover. I know several other people that say the same thing.
I came here a few days ago with my team from work. Since it was considered a work sponsored lunch we did not partake in the main attaction - home brewed beer - but we did enjoy Four Peaks fabulous menu! I had the French Dip and their beer battered fries. The meat was a little tough but the au jus added GREAT flavor and the bread had the best texture. Hmmm...for dessert we all split the ice cream cake. WOW was that cake good, and BIG! Definitely worth the $5 it cost.
If I was giving stars based on the food and the beer, it would be 5 stars. The food is never disappointing, and they have the best fries I have ever had! The beer is good, I prefer the Apricot Beer, so don't really ask me on anything else. Oh and you can watch sports there....hmmm maybe I should give them 4 stars....

Okay minus one star for the parking situation! I mean really, how many cars probably get dented because they tried to park in the back dirt lot? I know that this place has no control over the parking, but it sucks!

Minus one star for no AC...I had to say it! It is ARIZONA, more specifically PHOENIX (well just outside) which means AC is necessary! Because there is no AC I only go during certain times of the year, and I like my places year round, with no sweating involved, thank you very much!

But if you can move beyond the no AC and crappy parking, you should eat/drink here! I have yet to be disappointed by the food/beer!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
7 Food
8 *Drinks*
8 Service
9 Atmosphere
7 Value

The menu has hits (the fries & burgers!), but it also has misses (the thai hummus & salads).  The most under-appreciated beer here is their Hef and its clovey goodness....
Big fan of this place, every time I go to visit my friends in Phx this is the first stop after the airport. They have a fantastic beer selection here and even have a selections of casks every time I have been there. 

They have great food from what I have tried and the spicy thai wings were really good here, I like to think of myself as a wing aficionado and these are great with many flavors to choose from. 

The wait staff is very friendly and definitely targeted towards a male demographic. There I said here without being offensive, I hope :)
Okay 1st thing to do when going to Four peaks Brewery is to get good and baked a few blocks before getting to the place, i mean get totally chiefed out. The parking is ridiculous, I've been there 20 times and have never parked out front, your best bet is to park behind the building in the alley near the old rail road tracks. 
It looks like a madhouse of loud bitchy A.S.U. girls, and idiot jock dudes everywhere but you get seated pretty quick. Since I will review vegetarian friendly establishments only, i would have to say the vege. burger is the best in town, the fries also seriously rule & you get all your shit served up fast. Wash it all down with a Peach Sunbru.
I definitely recommend Four Peaks for any beer lover who visits the valley, in my opinion our best brewery in Phoenix. Although it has become more of a restaurant than brewpub when they removed the pool table/relaxing area and made more seating; it's still a great place to sit and talk, catch up with old(or make new) friends, or watch the game. 
The Raj IPA is my personal favorite but Kiltlifer and HopKnot are other local favorites. First time there? Get their sampler and decide for yourself, their seasonals are also excellent! Happy hour (regular and reverse) are definitely the time to go for $ deals, but be warned this is a popular hangout for regulars. 
Four Peaks food was a lot better a couple of years ago, but their flavors are still well done. My fav starter or small bite is their spinach-artichoke dip that comes with beer bread (small pita bites made with beer) and tortilla chips. Perfect to share with one or two people. My favorite main dish is the salmon BLT but check out their specials online ahead of time before heading in, these are usually delicious things you can't find on the menu. 
Another thing that's not on their menu is grilled cheese. I know, as simple as it may seem theirs is delicious and goes great with their soup of the day for something a little less filling. Don't forget to add avacado and tomoato! 
Also, they do brunch on the weekends. Used to just be for holidays that fell on those days but now it seems to be a usual thing. Haven't been in awhile but from what I remember it's special dishes or buffett style. You chose.
See you there!
Great burger, not the best I have ever had, but good. Great service. Good atmosphere.  I had the fries too, and they were steak fries style and nom nom.  They have a huge variety of food to try, and the people I went with had the pasta salad and various sandwiches .... I will go back to this place if I find myself in the area, or if I need another business meeting out in that area of the woods...
yum yum! great food, decent prices, nice ambiance.. parking is kind of a bitch, but it sorta adds to the fun, waitress was FABULOUS... absolutely will be back. oh and the beer was SO GOOD.
:D
Great beers! Four Peaks is my brewery of choice. The Kilt Lifter is my fav. Food is slightly on the pricey side, but good. If you don't know which beer to go with, try the sampler. 

The service is great, staff is friendly and the crowd is laid back and chill. Its so refreshing to find a place thats not trying to bring in the snottsdale 'bros' and materialistic women.

I LOVE the patio out front when the weather is nice, but the inside has more than enough room.

Can't say enough about this place. My favorite watering hole.
The best bar close to campus if you're "old" like me (30).  It's easy to enjoy a good beer in a lively but not overwhelming atmosphere.  I appreciate the high ceilings and friendly bartenders.
I come here for the beer, not the food.  Not because I don't like the food, just because I would rather drink my calories here.  Excellent beer, great college bar, but don't feel out of place being 30+
Perfect day for a brew on a  great winter day.. (in Phx that means its 70 out!).. sat on the patio for a great happy hour.. within five minutes we had ordered.. had two peach ales and the best artichoke spinach dip Ive had in the valley at a restaurant.. Friendly waiters and laid back atmosphere...& not the typical Mill Ave crowd.. . The vittles and beer.. perfect delight for the taste buds...
Always a must have when I'm in Arizona. I love the kiltlifter. Their other beers are pretty good as well but the kiltlifter keeps me coming back.
A place that has good microbrew beer and lots of good, non-bar food options? Could it really be?

Yes, folks, yes it could. I traveled to Phoenix recently and stopped by Four Peaks. I started with a Kilt Lifter; delicious. We ordered the Thai Hummus to start; also delicious. Just the right amount of spice served with warm pitas. For my main course, I ordered the mushroom swiss burger. It was a good burger - I liked the addition of caramelized onions but didn't find anything that made it a stellar burger. But it was good. I tried a slice of the barbecue chicken pizza. That was yummy, but there wasn't enough barbecue sauce. Not sure if that's a typical thing or if that's just the way they happened to make this one pie.

I almost ordered the portabello veggie beer bread - beer and veggies? Mmmm.

The place is huge. We sat on the covered patio area - but there were outdoor tables and tons of indoor tables and bar space. It was a beautiful day to be sitting outside. I can imagine sitting there in the spring (summer might be pretty miserable) drinking a hefeweizen and just having a lovely time.

Plus, it's a Vikings bar. That adds half a star right there.
On the first day of sunshine after days of rain, it was time to go out and play!  Blue skies, puffy clouds and an entire day to do nothing but have fun. What more can you ask for? 

My inaugural visit to Four Peaks was part of a multi-destination afternoon in and around Tempe. My friend, who spent a lot of Quality Time at Four Peaks while attending graduate school, was understandably horrified at my cultural black hole regarding such a time-honored establishment.  Don't hate - I'm from California!  So, after a huge lunch and a stroll around the ASU campus (taking pity on the hard-working MBA students in Saturday group meetings - oh, I remember that pain...) it was time to see what I had been missing. 

I think I spend too much time in Scottsdale, because at first I was disoriented. The stand-alone building is nowhere near a strip mall. It isn't beige. The parking lot is filled with rocks and doesn't have clearly-defined parking spaces (I can never park between the lines anyway, so I was more than OK with this). Also, I didn't see a single Affliction t-shirt. Yay. 

Both the front patio and interior were packed - I think this place has a license to print money.  Even with a full bar, I didn't see anyone without a pint glass - I am guessing not many mixed drinks are served here - lucky bartenders!  In addition to the printed menus, a large chalk board lists the beers on tap and the alcohol content of each - a range from 4% to an impressive 6.9% for the Raj IPA. 

We didn't eat anything (no stomach real-estate left) but did enjoy a pitcher of Hefeweizen (hey, there is always room for that, right?). Sitting at the bar, I could see that this place appeals to a wide variety of people. To our left, a group of older guys watching basketball and eating burgers. To our right, a couple of recent ASU grads we chatted with who were contemplating life plans, law school, an upcoming trip to Southeast Asia and eating Thai hummus - lucky girls!  Maybe I need a new life plan...  :)

Good times - I really want to go back and try the spinach/artichoke dip. It looked SO good!
WATER!  make sure you try a glass of water here. No, really try it, it is the best tasting water I have ever had. It must be the purified water they use to make the beer and the price is right.

Free water aside, Four peaks in Tempe makes many great beers, some good food and combines it in  a unique industrial warehouse atmosphere. 

On my last trip here I went just for the beer, like many other times. I tried the seasonal, all be it after the season, pumpkin ale. It was pretty good with subtle spice notes,a clean finish and not too much residual sugar. 

I also had the Hop Knot IPA, the strong hops in this beer have some distinctly fruity and floral notes adding to its' complexity. 

After all of that great water and beer, take a trip to the hidden Men's bathroom in the game room, it is a very unique experience. 

In north Tempe this is my place of choice to go for a drink.
Best bar in Tempe.
Really this place doesn't need another great review. All I will say is that I miss this place. This was a regular place for my husband and I for four years. Funny considering its called Four Peaks. Okay, enough of that. 
Overall, great beer (although selection never changes), great food, and a excellent atmosphere if you can get a spot outside. Personally I'll wait to be seated so I can enjoy the wonderful AZ afternoons and nights. I don't think I'm alone.
Good beer. Terrible food. Bland, bland, bland. First off it took 15 minutes for anyone to realize we were in the place. Secondly the food was as if the cook just took the food out of the package threw it on the grill and then served it. I never thought of salt as a spice but seeing as it was the only thing to make the food have any taste guess it will have to do. The one upside our server was very nice.
Good grub.  Great beer.  Always a great spot for happy  hour or lunch. You cannot go wrong here.
Made my way up to Phoenix and Tempe last night for the rare visit and stopped by Four Peaks for the first time.  I'd had their 8th St. Ale and Kilt Lifter prior to the visit, but was looking forward to sampling a few of their other beers.  All were excellent.  The oatmeal stout was delicious, even to this self-proclaimed "hophead".  It appears that they have a couple different IPAs on tap regularly--the Raj, which is an English style and the Hop Knot which is the more traditional, florally over-hopped American version.  That was the way to go in my opinion!  They also had a seasonal called Double Knot--a double IPA.  Absolutely delicious and potent at 9.1% abv without killing the hoppiness with an overly alcoholic taste--a difficult thing to pull off with a double IPA in my opinion.  Also had dinner on the front patio while there.  I had fish and chips.  Fairly standard for pub fare as far as I was concerned although I did really like the chips, which were really just very nicely seasoned thick fries.  The new Nimbus in Tucson has set the standard to me for the fish portion, and this did not top that.  Still tasty though and a fair portion.  A friend of mine got the salmon BLT, which looked quite tasty.
On a Thursday night, the place was packed.  But there was still a fair amount of room to get to the bar for a drink while waiting for a table, which really only took about 10 minutes (we were told the wait would be 15-20).  We sat outside on a nice patio that runs the length of the front of the bar.  Heaters are abundant for those chilly AZ february nights.:)  
If there was a parking lot, I missed it.  There's on-street parking however, but you might have to walk a few blocks once you find a vacant spot.
Wait staff was young, friendly, and energetic, but not overbearing.  They gave us our space while we had our meals.
The interior is huge, nicely decorated, and clearly a brewery when you make your way towards the back.  Plenty of seating, plenty of room to stand as well.
For those who want to take home some "souvenirs", they do sell beer by the growler (as well as provide refills after the initial bottle purchase).  It looks like they also run the gambit on "Four Peaks" clothing as well.
Overall, a great place to visit, but if you're from out of town, watch carefully--the turn onto 8th St. is easy to miss.
This is by far my favorite Brewery in AZ. Food is good and I love the atmosphere and Beer is wonderfull!! What more can you ask for a Brewery! They serve good beer and you just enjoy!!!
There food is pretty good here but they have a lot of different brews, I tried a pumpkin beer witch was very good. This place used to be real quite and unnotice now it's always busy and very crowded. It is located away from mill ave by about 3 miles so if your trying to bar hop make sure you have a dd and stop by this place.
This is the standard for breweries in Phoenix, and well, the rest of the States in my opinion. I have been to many breweries in the Western U.S. (especially Portland) but as a 'homer' I have to say that this is my favorite brewery. The atmosphere is nice with both outside and inside dining and drinking. They play good music, well, music in which a 25 year old male would enjoy. 

The beer is amazing. There is no other place I would rather have a beer. The beer is strong (especially the Raj IPA and Hop Knot) and they have an optimal variety of seasonal beers including everyone's favorite Pumpkin Porter.

The food is exquisite as well. The nachos are sublime and made with real cheese instead of 'nacho cheese'. The burgers, the fish and chips and, well, everything else on the menu is awesome. 

The service is usually good, except, there have been times we get a nasty waitress. But the good brews, food and times usually supersede the sometimes inefficient service.
This place is in my Top 5 favorite places to eat in Arizona, no question!  First of all, they're a brewing company so they have to have good beer, right?  Check!  In order to get people to stay and drink beer, they have to have a good menu . . . check!  To get said people to come back again and again you have to have good tasting food, right?  CHECK, CHECK, and DOUBLE CHECK!!

All of the food I've had is top notch and delicious!  And the beers??  I crave them!!  It was Kilt Lifter that first hooked me.  Then the Hop Knot (see my Nello's review for the best Hop Knot in town tip).  And the Pumpkin Porter, one of the best seasonals EVER!  

While I think it is spectacular that you can get various Four Peaks Brew's at some of the coolest establishments across the state (even the Pumpkin Porter, when available), there is one brew that I can only find when I am lucky enough to go to Four Peaks . . . THE OATMEAL STOUT.  This is the most delicious, most creamy and smooth beer I have ever had in my life.  I dream of this beer.  The first time I tried this was shortly after I started drinking (and liking) stouts.   I tasted it, looked over at my BF and said "I think this is better than Guinness."  Of course I got the evil eye, but I'm sticking to my guns.  The Oatmeal Stout at Four Peaks is my favorite beer of all time!

Favorites from the menu include, Spicy Thai Hummus, Spanakopita, Bavarian Pretzels, Shrimp & Goat Cheese Bruschetta (it's a meal, but the garlic is no joke on this one), the salads are great, Bleu Light Special Burger, Veggie Beer Bread Wrap, Fish and Chips . . . just to name a few! =)

The patio is great.  The staff is friendly.  The parking is not the best, but eh, everything else makes it worth it.  Plus, I suggest taking a cab or the light rail anyway . . . better to not have to drive so that you can enjoy more brews!
I am without a doubt in love with this place. Everything works-the food, the beer, the atmosphere, even the wait staff. I have never had a bad meal or bad experience. if you haven't tried Four Peaks then get your butt over there and give it a try! The spinach artichoke dip is delicious! It's bar food, but delicious bar food!
I really liked this place. It's in an odd location and is not within walking distance to much, but the space is really cool and open. You can even see people working in the brewery.  they have lots of TVs to watch your favorite sporting event. The crowd was a nice mix of professionals and college students.

The beer was very good. We tried the sampler and then I switched to the pale ale. My husband was a big fan of the american IPA. We were there for quite a long time, so we ordered a soft pretzels and later the nachos. Both were excellent. 

If I am ever in the Tempe area again, I hope to return.
This was a great place to spend an afternoon on the patio after sharing a sampler of the brews. Decided on the Hop Knot and the Hefeweizen as our favorites of the day.

The wait staff was knowledgeable about the brew selections.  Thank you! 

We shared a platter of walleye that was very good also.

Definitely a must try if you find yourself in the area and want a dose of off campus life.
This place is definitely a diamond in the rough.  For me and my friends (who have mostly all grown up in PHX), this place is our standard, staple, our Cheers, if you will.  Four Peaks feels like home.  The beer holds its own against any domestic microbrews.  Their constants are worth coming for (such as the acclaimed Hop Knot and Oatmeal stout), but the seasonal really generate the real anticipating locals; the coveted Pumpkin Porters will get tables fighting over the last growler of the season.  Every time I have traveled abroad, this is my first stop upon my return.  No other place in PHX can you get such world class beers for so cheap, superb food to rival any pub (served till 1:00 am daily), and a crowd that makes you feel like family.
The crowds are always there so make sure you give yourself 20-30 minutes if you go in the evening. Even on a Tuesday night... 

Kilt Lifter is their signature beer and it's a damn good one! and at 6% you'll have to pace yourself. For food, YOU MUST have Arizona Chicken Rolls and if you like burger, the best burger I've EVER HAD was the Popper Burger. BELIEVE ME!
I love this place. Just to hang out on a Summer day on the patio and have a beer is like...the perfect day. 

The food is awesome. The Kilt Lifter is tasty and thirst quenching. 

The area is definitely lucky to have such a place.
Hands down the best Brewery in the Greater Phoenix area...great atmosphere, and even greater food and service.  This place is hallowed ground for beer aficionados and anyone looking to enjoy a great night out with friends or co-workers.

What I appreciate most about Four Peaks (aside from the beer) is the overall consistency of my experience (beer, food, service).  I live in the adjacent apartment complex so I am there at least once every ten days and the quality of service and deliciousness of the food and drink are always exceptional...this place is top notch!

If you have never been, then grab a few friends and order a few pitchers at Tempe's finest establishment!

Kiltlifter and the Raj IPA are personal faves if you can't decide.
Four Peaks is probably the best Micro Brewery in the Phoenix area.  it's completely out of the way and hidden.  You think you're lost then all of a sudden you smell the beer and see the place packed inside and out front on the patio.

They had a good selection of food, that's step above your average bar food.  The atmosphere is cool and the place is always busy, day or night yet the service is good.  They served mixed drinks, but the beer is what this place is all about.  The Kilt Lifter is their beer and it's good.  6.09% alcohol is a good number to start with.  The Heffe never disappoints and the Raj at 6.99% and a dry, bitter, yet pleasant taste.  

Good beer, good food, good friends and good eye candy.  'Nuf said!
One of our favorite breweries!  The food is outstanding! Went for Sunday brunch & Kilt Lifter (of course)  I had the breakfast beef bread wrap - it was huge and I could only eat half so I got to enjoy that again the next day!  Love the beer, atmosphere and food!
My wife & I relocated from Boston, MA for her to attend Grad school from 2003 to 2006 - for the first year, we wandered through the desert, lost, trying to find some quaint local haunt that had great atmosphere, fantastic food and awesome beer. We were about to give up hope that we were living in the zombie-land of the chain restaurants and that we'd have to wait until we could move back to Baaahstahhn and then we stumbled on Four Peaks.

Four Peaks is quite simply, our favorite restaurant in the Valley. 
- The Food and beer selection is AMAZING
- The atmosphere is great - not too college-ey, not to snooty like Scottsdale - but a great mix of college, young adults and families. . . for regular meal-times.
- The service is top-notch
- What better place to enjoy a spring day-time lunch than out on the patio

I went back this weekend to visit and was thrilled to find out the place was as excellent as ever. I had my first kiltlifter and hefeweizen in four years and it was amazing!

Anyone else looking for local flavor - don't settle for the zombie-land of the chains - hit up Four Peaks First!
This place is like home (not home away from home, literally home.)  I left for a year and a half to California (to do some prospecting or something), and this little brewery was top on a very short list of places I actually missed.  You know how nothing ever tastes quite the same as the way your mom made it, even if the food you're eating is much better than your mom's cooking?  No, I'm not saying something bad about your mom's cooking - I'm making a point here.  This is how Four Peaks beer is for me. 

My resolution this year is to spend 4 days a week here in November when pumpkin porter is out.  I think I can pull it off - I -generally- show up for work 5 out of 5!
One of our favorite breweries!  The food is outstanding! Went for Sunday brunch & Kilt Lifter (of course)  I had the breakfast beef bread wrap - it was huge and I could only eat half so I got to enjoy that again the next day!  Love the beer, atmosphere
Parking sucks. The beer is yummy. The food is awesome drunk food.
No matter what food you get here, it won't disappoint.  The beer is great as well.  It's one of my favorite hangouts in Tempe different from the Mill Avenue scene or Tempe Marketplace.
I'm a Tempe native.  I and everyone I know frequents Four Peaks Brewing Company on a regular basis.  If you are looking to have a great time with close friends and family, this is the spot.  The interior environment is rustic and cozy but nothing beats the patio, year round.  This historic, red brick building looks like it was transported from downtown Flagstaff or small mountain town.  Something about the way it all comes together always puts me at ease.  Had a hard day at work?  Four Peaks.  Need a table for twelve of your friends without a reservation?  Four Peaks.  Want to enjoy a lazy Sunday in the cool breeze and warm sun with a pleasantly plump belly full of comfort food and fragrant beer?  Four Peaks baby!   It's like a Swiss Army Knife of dining solutions.  It's my go-to choice for pretty much every situation except the ones which require a suit jacket.  

Atmosphere:  Warm, cozy, relaxing, casual, down-to-earth.  Good, fun loving vibes for ALL ages.  This is a true diamond in the rough among a landscape of corporate fugazis. Music choices are great but speaker system needs an upgrade in clarity.

Staff:  Friendly, professional, efficient, abundant, ubiquitous.

Appetizers:  Favorite:  Arizona Chicken Rolls.  Noteworthy:  Thai Hummus, 5 Layer Nacho Dip, Panko Crusted Calamari.

Food:  Consistently great!  Diverse, upper scale comfort/bar food in ample portions. The fantastic daily specials keep this regular coming back obsessively.  Favorites: Carne Adovada, Southwest Burger, Salmon BLT, Italian Beef Beer Bread, Reuben.

Drink:  Various micro-brews of delightful, world-class quality.  Favorite beer:  Hop Knot IPA.  Noteworthy beers: Arizona Peach, Oatmeal Stout, Pumpkin Porter (autumn only).  

Other:  Parking is abundant.  However, unless you're lucky, you'll have to park about 60 yards down the road or down the back alley ;)  It's worth the walk.

When to go:  Weekend lunch on the patio; especially in spring and fall.

Requests:  Please post your daily specials to your web site rather than emailing me twice a day.  Make the "crab po' boy" a regular menu item.  It was the best special I've ever had at Four Peaks!
You could be having a shitty day, grieving over a good friend, celebrating the joys of life or just looking to chill after a hard day at work, whatever the reason you sometimes just need a pint! 

Four Peaks on eighth street provides that. I love their Kiltlifter, their peach ale, and hefweisen and during the month of October their Pumpkin Porter... YUM stuff! couple that pint with their heavily loaded chicken nachos, a plate of beer fries, and their Arizona Chicken Rolls... and my friends you got a feast! I like they have happy hours and reverse happy hours. I remember times I've spent coming here on Friday evenings, and on Saturdays after an ASU football game... good times and memories. Parking sucks but the atmosphere is kick ass!  

If you get  the beer fries ask for the jalapeno ranch... YUM! Oh and Peach ale is best when cold! I like the misters outside... and even during the summers i'd rather be outside coz it seems much cooler than inside. I like the overall feel of this place and it's worth coming for just that pint... sharing a few laughs and spending good times over some beer fries!
Stellar food.

We sat outside in the cold as the inside was packed.  There were plenty of heat lamps, so we didn't have a problem staying somewhat warm.

Thai Hummus was delicious.  Big fan.  Try that as an app.  Tangy with a little, slight kick.

I had the pork tenderloin special and that was tasty.  Pork was tender and the side spinach was cooked to my liking.

Downside:  Service was a little unpredictable as no on really checked on us to see how our meals were.  It also took a little while to get plates and utensils after getting our hummus to start.  But when the server did come by, she was very responsive and friendly.

Regardless, I'm still a fan and will be coming back.
When visiting Phoenix my request is to come here at least once! The atmosphere is always packed, but in a good way. I like all the open air and all the TV's. The patio is a good size but the inside is fine as well. 

This place might just have the most amazing pretzels I have ever had hands down! They come out steaming hot and just so perfectly made. If you ever imagined a perfect pretzel this would be it. In fact, that's all we ordered this time around. Why mess around with the menu? Just order rounds like you would with beer!

Speaking of which, I'm a fan of the kilt lifter but the other beers are good as well. It depends on your taste, naturally, but none of them are bad like you find sometimes at other breweries! I did venture out and order the oatmeal stout shake. It was interesting and good but not something I'd order again. I've had the chocolate stout float at another spot that I prefer over this.

If you're out here for Spring Training it seems to be a popular hang out on a Sat afternoon. If you're not here for Spring Training then check it out if you haven't already!
You go into Four Peaks, and everybody there is your friend. On a busy Friday night, this is the weekend warm-up to beat them all. It's loud, it's packed, it's fun. 

I'll usually mix up brews, but I always come back to my old friend... Kilt Lifter (appropriately named, I would say!).  Goes great with just about anything, but i enjoy the Spinach Artichoke Dip, Shrimp & Goat Cheese Bruschetta, and their Calamari is the best I've tried anywhere. Definitely worth stopping in.
I am in town for Spring Training from Los Angeles, I am a beer geek and love to try local breweries. Here are my comments: 

-Location: Close to ASU, Plenty of outside tables to enjoy the Arizona Sun and People Watch. I sat at the bar and watched all of the NCAA Conference Tournament Action. 

-Beer: All of their beers were really nice, I was especially impressed by these beers... 

-Kilt Lifter -Scottish Style Ale - Amazing, I rate it a 8.5! It is like drinking a New Castle on Steroids!! Very low carbonation, tons of malt and light hop flavor. 
-Hop Knot IPA -- Amazing, almost an Imperial IPA very Hop Forward without the bitter hops!! I rate it 9.3 Even better from the Cask. 
-8th Street Ale -- Pale Ale -- Very nice session able Pale Ale, I rate it at a 7.0 -- Very easy drinking with subtle hops. 

I did not eat a meal here so I won't comment, there menu looked amazing with a lot of variety. I ordered the Bavarian Soft Pretzels and they were perfect (I am a Soft Pretzel Connoisseur being from Philadelphia). They are so good with any beer at Four Peaks!!! 

Overall...Great Place to look at Beautiful Women, Drink Great Beer, Look at Beautiful Women, Eat Great Food, Look at Beautiful Women, and watch great sport's I mention the women?
Beers are pretty decent.  The Arizona Peach was my favorite out of all of them and I normally don't like that kind of thing.  I had the sampler and I could see myself drinking only a few of them. 

The shrimp bruscetta on beer bread was a great appetizer.   It was a little heavy on the garlic though (whole pieces of garlic on it).  

All the other food wasn't anything to really write home about.  Typical brewpub fare.
This is a great local spot. If you're visiting you might miss it because it's a few blocks away from the main bar strip on Mill Ave - but it's worth the trip. It's a brewery and their Kilt Lifter beer is one of my favs. They also have a great brunch - mimosas come with a full serving of veggies mixed in. Love it.
Great food - better beer - wonderful atomosphere

I have been to many brewpubs in my day and I have seen more boring brewpub menus than I can recall.  Four Peaks is not the same as all the others.  Don't get me wrong it is not white table cloth dining, just well thought out and prepared food at a reasonable price.  The beer is great and they always have a porter or stout on tap.  What I really like is the staff and the setting.  Friendly, professional and approachable staff in a historic, operating brewhouse with a long bar.  

This place is always busy with indoor and outdoor (covered) seating.  Especially popular with the football crowd (it's a Vikings Bar - go figure that one out).  You can always count on good music playing if you can hear it over the roar of the Tempe crowd.

I must every time I visit PHX
I always come here for happy hour and yet I never make it for happy hour! I always miss it  by like 30  minutes! There seems to always be a wait around 5:30 or 6. A sign that this place must be good! The place is kind of off the beat and path - you'd have to know where it is to find it. You definitely wouldn't just stumble upon it out of no where.

Anyhow - I've been there twice and have loved it both times. The first time I got the Kiltlifter - I think its their most popular bc I work in a bar and everyone always asks for it. Then once we got our table, I got the beer sampler. I love those things...you get a little bit of each beer and it's wonderful! My friends and I shared the Nachos. Probably some of the best I've ever had. And I LOVE nachos. 

Last night, I got the Peach Ale - delicious. Kinda girly, but it's what I was in the mood for. I decided to try something new and I got the quesadilla - also delicious. So good that I had a dream about quesadillas last night. hahah.

This place is a definite one of my fav's in Tempe. Amazing. Fun, laid back atmosphere.
I've been a frequent patron for four years now and can't remember a single time when I've had a bad experience.  Great food, amazing beer and wonderful, friendly staff... It doesn't get better than this!
We love Four Peaks and try to have lunch there at least 2-3 time a month. They always have great lunch specials and you will never go wrong by ordering any of the beer bread & pasta salad. Top it off with a Kilt Lifter or 8th St. Ale and you're good to go...
Great Beer, Good Food.  Excellent atmosphere.  Service and staff always very good & friendly.  Sometimes loud in the 'garage' but that's because there's a big crowd and everyone's having a great time!

I've been coming here for, what, 13 years?  Since just after they opened up.  In the old days you could sit outside and had to have food delivered because they didn't have a kitchen.  Now Four Peaks does a great job with food as well as beer.  They're always happy to accommodate special orders  from the menu.
Always a good time and the beer is great! Food is better than you ever expect. Parking is the real problem, you can park on the street in the alley,  or a mile away.
I used to really dig Four Peaks beer, but my taste in beer has expanded greatly the last few years, and Four Peaks beer doesn't quite cut it for me anymore.  I do still enjoy Kilt Lifter and Oatmeal Stout on tap and I still love the Pumpkin Porter.  That aside, I do really enjoy brewery itself.  I like the atmosphere, the fact that I can catch some games, and getting some mixed drinks there.  It's going to sound crazy, but I highly recommend getting some water there, it is fantastic.  The food is pretty solid too, I like quite a few things on their menu.  The happy hour is great, and I usually have a good time out there.
The BEST brewery I've ever been to. Amazing beer and awesome food (I didn't think that combo was actually possible)! I daydream about this place all the time since I spent so much time here while going to school at ASU. Whenever I go back to Phoenix, this is always a must on my list!
We have been going to Four Peaks for years and years because they craft excellent beer and have delicious food and great service.  

If you've never been to Four Peaks, you are missing out!  They make the best beer in the entire metro phoenix area and have the most consistent service and selection around.

The food is usually pretty good, but it seems as of late, the quality has deteriorated a little.  Especially last time when we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip and it appeared at the table in less than 2 minutes?  I mean, I was hungry, but would prefer to wait for a made to order bowl of dip, than be served one that was ladeled out of a giant vat!

The beer bread sandwiches are always excellent, as are the pizzas, and they have great nightly specials with seasonal ingredients.  

We always have visited, and always will visit Four Peaks on each and every stop in the valley!
Great food, amazing Beer (the Oatmeal Stout and Hop Knot I.P.A. especially) and an amazing building. Parking Sucks but hey, 3/4 is Hall of Fame status in my book.
This is seriously one of my favorite places in Tempe! The beer is amazing, the food is amazing and the people are amazing! I have never tasted a beer here that I don't like (though the Hopknot and the Stout and incredible and in my opinion the best) and I have never eaten anything here that I haven't liked. I've made it my mission to branch out and try all of the food to see if I could find something that I disliked. I completely failed at that. From the Adovada to the Thai Hummus, everything is bursting with astounding flavor and cooked with care. Maybe that is why I never mind paying a few extra dollars when I decide to eat here; it's so good! And, just when I thought that all the lunch and dinner food was amazing, I tried their breakfast. As one might guess from the review thus far, breakfast at Four Peaks is great as well! 

Okay, okay... I can talk about this place until their next batch of Kiltlifter is shipped but I'll wind things up. Go to Four Peaks, enjoy the food, enjoy the atmosphere and most importantly, enjoy the delicious beer!
I really wish I wasn't hungover when I came here for a late lunch with my girlfriends....especially when i did my yelp research on this....

I was really excited to go to a brewery in a college town since at my alma mater, they had this fabulous brewery where i probably spent half my time at because it was just...the best place ever.  I loved how everything on the menu had something soaked in beer!  Whether it was their beer bread, chicken tenders fried in beer something, it was so good!

I got their Portabella Veggie Beer Bread (more of a wrap) and it was seriously packed with fresh vegetables and was wrapped in their beer bread.  You could tell the bread was freshly made because it was so soft and yummy.  Next time, I would ask for a little less cheese...I think they put in a lot.  I was really bummed that I didn't try any of their brews.  If you look on the menu, they suggest the type of beer you should get with each plate, which I thought was real neat!  

And OMG, the fries!  So good!!!!!  Fries in general are good, but their fries, it's seriously on another level.  

For dessert, my friends and I got their tiramisu, but their take on it was not putting in rum, but guess what they put in instead....beer.  It was seriously like 8 inches tall and 4 people couldn't even finish.  It didn't taste that different....it was actually real sweet.

Overall, I'd say this is a great place to go with a big group of people, especially if you want to watch a sports game (lots of big TVs).  If i'm ever back in Tempe, I am definitely coming back here to try some of their beer!
I'm I big fan of Four Peaks which may be strange since I'm not really a big fan of beer. However, being from Portland you learn to appreciate the local micro-breweries even if you are just there for a cider or the food. 

So what I'm basically saying is yes, I go to Four Peaks for the food. The sandwiches and burgers are really good. The atmostphere is great. A favorite hang-out from my Sun Devil Years!
Friend took me here when I was visiting and didn't have any idea what I wanted to eat...just that I needed some food...and a beer sounded good too.  This place is great.  Cool atmosphere and good brews.

I got the Tap Room Tenderloin and a Hefeweizen to wash it all down.  Both were very good.  Also got to sample a piece of their tasty quesadilla.  All good and I look forward to sampling more of the menu in the future.
Fun atmosphere, great beer (woo woo Kiltlifter!) and killer pub food.  Best in AZ hands down.  The fish and chips are to die for.  And where else can you get a beer milkshake?
Decent beer, good service, so so food.  Kind of what you should expect at most breweries.   They had an Oatmeal Stout Teramisu that looked great, but I didn't have enough room.

The place is pretty cool inside, and there are lots of indoor/outdoor options.  After all, it's Tempe.  

We got there before noon on a Sunday, and it was busy.  

Not a bad place, but not a wonderful one either.
It's ironic that I would luv this brewery because I am not much of a drinker.  I think what I luv about this place is that they find a way to sneak the beer into food so that people who can't drink much but like to eat (like me) can still enjoy being there.  I also enjoy that Four Peaks is one of those laid back bars where the music isn't pounding so loud that you can't have a conversation with the people sitting right next to you.  There's good food, good staff, good service, good prices, and lots of outdoor seating, so this is a great place to go for a nice evening out with anyone.

I'm a foodie, so I want to take a minute to mention how good the food is here.   On my last trip, I ordered the grilled chicken beer bread, which is grilled chicken breast, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, green peppers, red onion, mozzarella and cucumber sauce rolled in beer bread with a side of french fries and had ice cream cake for dessert.  Everything came out promptly and was SO good.  I want to give a special shout-out to the french fries at Four Peaks cuz they are especially tasty.  I also want to mention the stout shake to all you dessert lovers (particularly MALT lovers).  This is an item I usually get at Four Peaks because it is sooo creamy and delicious.  It's basically a malt made with half an oatmeal stout beer topped with whipped cream and Oreo crumbs.  Beer AND ice cream?  Yes please!  

For an older student in a college town full of younger students, Four Peaks is a breath of fresh air.  It's a place that would not find a home on Mill Ave, and for that, I am SO grateful.
We love their beer, and their food is pretty good as far as bar/brewery food goes.  It's fine for kids (ours is a toddler) as long as you're sitting in the ONE section that isn't so close to the patio that it's smoky, or solely high-top tables, but otherwise you'll end up like us, taking turns following a toddler around the restaurant.  But what the hell, I guess nothing's that bad with a nice cold beer in your hand.
Wow what a great place!  I was in town for business and stopped for dinner.  The pint is only $4 for their microbrewed beer!  Happy hour runs until 6pm or 10pm to close.  The atmosphere is great and the food was delicious as well.  I got the Italian Beef on beerbread and it is enough to feed two folks for $9.  I had their award winning 8th street and Kilt LIfter and it was great.  If you are unsure of what to get, they offer the sampler for only $9.  All in all, it is a great place to go whether you are inside or outside.
Four Peaks is my staple!  If my friends and I are trying to decide where to eat and watch a game on TV, this is definitely a good choice.

There are SO many good things about this place:  GOOD Brews, one for every taste, great specials on happy hour and food, the food is amazing.  Try any sandwich on a beer bread, and you will be in heaven.

If you like pale ales, try the 8th street ale, by far my favorite beer, EVER!!!!
I always love this place whether I come for breakfast, lunch, dinner or just drinks.  Its a really relaxed environment.  Perfect place to just hang out and eat, drink, chat, etc.  Sometimes it gets a little busy, but its usually worth the wait.  I absolutely love the Pumpkin Porter, which is only around in October and November.
So my first time dining here was a few weeks ago and I had a pretty sub-par experience. Had the "Spicy" Chicken Salad Pita (which was not spicy by any standards, with some fries and a water. No beer :(

Tonight was much different. My party of 3 shared a pitcher of the Peach ale *mmm* and while they both had burgers, I had the chicken sandwich with cheddar on beer batter bread by request. I had no idea what the beer batter bread was, but I saw a lot of good reviews about it so I went for it. Got my sammy, it came with tomatoes and onions which did not please me, but was not a deal breaker. I got the chicken cajun though which definitely made the sandwich for me.

This experience def made Four Peaks a place worth visiting again for me. But beware! We came on a Fri. evening and there were HELLA people in line...so either come early, or be prepared for a wait.
This place is THE TRUTH.

Went here a few weeks back w/ a few friends who also just recently turned 21 and since we obviously have never drank a drop of alcohol in our life (ha) we decided to check this place out for it's beer sampler.

I didn't really believe anybody when they told me that I just had to find the beer that was right for me because I honestly thought at that point ALL BEER was disgusting...

But then I found my best friend - PEACH ALE! Man that stuff is SO GOOD and a pitcher b/w 3-4 friends makes for a great time.

Food is legit, people are awesome, and there are multiple environments in which to hang out in.
Large party? Get a table inside where it's a little louder.
Here casually w a friend? Check the bar out.
Trying to catch up over dinner and drinks w/ a small group? Try to sit outside.

This place is definitely a place to hit up even if you're in Tempe for just the weekend.

CHECK OUT THE OATMEAL VANILLA STOUT MILKSHAKE = THAT'S WHAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF.
I was impressed with this place.   It looks a lot smaller and dinkier from the outside than it is.   This place is huge! And I do mean huge!  While this place was loud it was not super loud like most sports bars.   
We had some chicken salad stuffed egg rolls, well that's what it looked like.   They where surprisingly good.   Weird but good.   I ordered a plate of enchiladas.   They where good but the plate was extremely hot.  Once it cooled down everything seemed to have gotten melted onto the plate.   I'm looking forward to coming here again.
Four Peaks is one of my favorites places to go, hands down. The atmosphere, food, and beer are all amazing. My friends and I go here usually AT LEAST once a week for lunch, dinner, happy hour, etc. It is a great place to come with a group and sit outside. Whenever I have anyone in from out of town visiting me, this is the first place I take them. During happy hour and reverse happy hour pints are $3 which is a great deal. They have really good seasonal beers and the ones that are always there are great too. I honestly can't even pick a favorite beer because I love them all, but I will say that the Peach Ale is a great refreshing beer when it is hot out. They are open til 2am every night and I don't think I have seen the place not crowded. They have the best fries around and if you go, you have to get the Salmon BLT! Also a fun place to watch football in the fall, but know that it is a Vikings bar...so don't wear the jersey of the team they are playing into the bar like I did.
I heard about this place from many people and have been wanting to try it and I finally did.  I did not get a chance to try the food but I heard its good from many people.

I went on the night of my 21 birthday and thought, finally I get to try this place.  I got 8th street beer and tried 'half' I think its called, its a wheat beer.  I found 8th street to be one of the best beers I had in a while.  I also find that the more local brewery you go to the more likely often have great beer.

I will definitely return when I am in the mood to chill with some friends and have an 8th street or try something new.

Recommendation: If you want some good beer and from what I heard good food drop in with some friends.
In a sentance: Four Peaks is DEFINATLY something to write Yelp about! From the moment I realized that there were more reviews about this place than I'd care to read in one sitting, I knew this was going to be good!! I realized it was going to be fantastic when i pulled up with my friend Darius and we had a hard time finding a parking spot at 3pm. We met a friend for lunch and the place was laid back, chill, clean, cozy and yet modern - perfect. 

I had the French Dip, thinly sliced roast beef on a nice hogie bun. Everything was good not too salty not too greasy, loved it! Darius got the Fish N Chips and it was incredible!! Crispy batter dipped big pieces of fish, iot was crispy and crunchy but soft and delightful on the inside. The chips were also batter dipped and had great flavor. I was in love! this is my best recommendation for a meal at Four Peaks!

To my yelpers i say: there is limited parking, so when you pull up and see nothing but cars lining the street, do NOT be alarmed! there will be a table available! Another thing, get the fish n chips! It's duh-vine!
Hands down the best restaurant we had on our Memorial Day vacation. 

After recovering from a day in the Salt River and a heavy night of drinking our friends all being ASU Alumni decided to take us to Four Peaks, which in a nut shell they said its the BJ's of Tempe but better. We'll see about that my friend.....

Came in and it was pretty packed already, with the sun going down after a huge Laker victory (that's right I said it :D) I'm sure the people in there were drinking away their sorrows as yet again the Suns fail to proceed to the Finals. But enough NBA drama, we were seated towards the back where it literally resembled a warehouse. We're talking about pallets with hops, and giant steel brewing machines brewing up the house beers. 

Our friends recommended the Peach Brew Beer which had a very strong peach taste to it but still a pretty interesting taste. A buddy and I split of pitcher of it before placing our orders. I decided to go with the French Dip tonight with fries. The sandwich came out split perfectly in half with cheese laced throughout the tender meat, I was salivating at this point. 

The Au Jus was hot and salty, very good, I took my first bite and literally a scream of joy exited my mouth as I was trying to chew. One of THE best French Dip's I've had in a long long time. I made sure all of my friends took a bite to confirm my theory. 

I definitely will be coming back for ASU football games this season and will make damn sure that I visit Four Peaks again :)
What can I say about Four Peaks that hasn't been said before?  Great beer...wonderful food...fun crowd...cool building...and very reasonable prices.

Some of my fav food items are the Spinach Artichoke Dip, the Garden Burger (prob one of the best I've had), the Beer Bread Sandwiches, the Pizzas and def the Spanakopita.

Being a girly girl (& not much of a beer fan) I really like their Hefeweizen & Peach beer and my boyfriend always go for the Kiltlifter.

The only complaint I have about this place is that I've been here countless times and I can't recall ever getting good service.
beer is good. food is not.
I've heard lots of great things about four peaks and have been meaning to try it for awhile. I finally got the chance to try it out last week and thought it was great. 

I love the building the restaurant is in, right when you walk in you can see the huge brewing boilers, giving the place a unique atmosphere. 

I went on a wednesday during lunch at around 12 pm and was sat immediately. I ordered a pint of Hefeweizen and that was pretty good, im more of a paulaner hefeweizen guy. For an entree i ordered one of the specials of the day, the achiote pork sandwich with fries. The sandwich was alright kind of bland but the frys were amazing!. The best beer battered fries i have had. 

Overall i thought the place was good and see myself coming back here.
Four Peaks is a classic institution.  Not only is the building a really cool old building they have the best patio in town. The beers are consistently good and the food is above reproach with fantastic daily specials, some of which you'd only find at high end restaurants. The only knock is that because of the lack of a/c you have to rely on swamp coolers and misters to stay cool in the summer, but hey, that is covered by having Four Peaks North in Scottsdale. 

P.S. The ASU student waitresses aren't bad either.
Experiencing history in the Phoenix metro?  Is this possible?  Four Peaks Brewery which has only been around for about 15 years is situated in a building that has been around since the early 1890's.  Now that is quite a long time for anything here in the desert.  

If you get a chance take a guided tour of the facilty and learn the brewing process on how the beers are made.  During the tour you travel through each room of the building and really get to understand the love that is put into a beer, which believe it or not, only has a few simple ingredients.   Also during the tour, don't get freaked out as a few of the rooms feel haunted.  I'm sure a lot can happen in a building that's over a 100 years old.

 Four Peaks is not known outside of Arizona as it only delivers beer within state lines.  At some point I'm sure this will change, but still is the largest brewer of fine handcrafted beer in AZ.   They offer many different styles of beer that any connesuir can enjoy.  There food is like that of a typical bar, but the beer is why people should come here.

This is a must visit if in the Tempe area!
you might have to park a half mile away & walk in the 115 degree heat, but trust me, it will be worth it!
You can't find better bar food anywhere. The beer is also great, and I'm not a huge fan of beer. I LOVE their peach ale. The Beer Bread Sandwiches are terrific and their fries are delicious. No air conditioning, just a  swamp cooler so while you are fine to go there on a summer day, just make sure you get a table deep inside the building.
With a great selection of beers on tap, always having a fantastic seasonal beer and a wide variety of great food I could go here three or four times a week!  The salmon sandwich is one of my favorites and it goes great with an 8th street ale (which I happen to be drinking now) along with pretty much any other thing they have on tap.  Start with the wings or nachos and you will not be disappointed.  

It's a great place to watch any sporting event.  A few too many Vikings fans for my liking, being a Bears fan myself but it's a great atmosphere for pretty much any time you're looking to have a memorable experience.
This is my go-to bar.  I'm not into the scene at places where there's a lot of loud, obnoxious frat boys.  Four Peaks isn't especially quiet, mind you.  They play pretty good music for the most part, and almost every time I've started to groan because of the song that just came on, someone who works there changes it.  The service is a little slow, usually, but I honestly don't care.  The food is amazing, and the beer...  oh, the beer.  I love the Sunbru for warmer days, and the Oatmeal Stout when its chillier out.  I always end up drinking a little more than I planned because they're so delicious, and that leads to me splurging on appetizers.  My favorite is the spinach artichoke dip.  

All of their beers are worth trying, since they brew them there you're not going to get them anywhere outside of AZ, as far as I'm aware.  If you don't know where to start, for $9 you can order the sampler, and get a tiny glass of each kind of beer they brew, then decide for yourself.  

Short version: good food, good beer, one-of-a-kind establishment, go, now.
four peaks has a ton of really great hand crafted brews.  this is a great place to bring a large group of friends and try all the different beers, or catch a suns game.  be sure try all the brews though, all good.  but actually, i'm not really a fan of the oatmeal stout, a little too oatmealy and stouty for this guy.

good food to help your BAC:
- salmon BLT; amazing, its my favorite
- brickhouse wings; you will not want to share, their too good.
- spinich artichoke dip... cant really go wrong there
- 7 barrel fries; always a safe bet for sharing between the group.
- the pizza's are a little pricey but i see a lot of people get them...

they've got a full bar too, in case you're just looking to get wasted...

the crowd is relatively diverse... some frat boys, some old dudes, some mother-reunioun lookin ladies, some indy kids.  anyone is welcome.  indoor and outdoor seating (with misters in the summer), you can never go wrong here.
This place is AWESOME! This is definitely one of my favorite breweries in Arizona. The beer is reasonably priced  and is very, very tasty. It's a good place to grab a meal, hit up happy hour or before a spring training game.

Anytime I have family in town I take them here and have never had any complaints about the Beer or food. The nachos are HUGE and are very good. This is a must when I go because they are just too good!
Had high hopes for this place, but was my least favorite of 5 microbreweries I visited in AZ.  Atmosphere wasn't as good as other places, but probably because they were going for the college vibe.  This place is crowded...just imagine if they took a few tips from Beaver St. Brewery I think it would be twice as good.  Beers were alright... the IPA is probably the best... the Red Amber is average.  The menu was intriguing... Had a southwest green chili burger that was tasty.  The shrimp and goat cheese bruchetta sounded like an awesome appetizer... unfortunately it wasn't bruchetta.  Bruchetta requires crunchy bread or toast points.  This was like a loaf of regular bread with stuff thrown in a pile in the middle like nachos.  Anyway, I would go back again if in Tempe, but I think other cities have better offerings.
im not much of a beer drinker honestly, but the food is great. being a vegetarian they have an amazing veggie burger! i dream about it at night sometimes....
One word: AMAZING!

This place is amazing.
The servers are nice and on their game. The food has never disappointed. The beer never runs out. =-
I love their beer batter fries, four peaks burger, and grilled chicken beer bread. Definitely my favorites. 

It's a must-go-to!
Four Peaks has been a pretty standard lunch/dinner spot for me and my friends for a while now. Burgers are pretty good, fries are awesome, but what really shines about this place is the beer. You can't go wrong with Kiltlifter, it's hands down the tastiest beer they offer. The Hop Knot IPA is pretty good if you enjoy your beer extremely hoppy (like, punch-you-in-the-face levels of hoppy-ness). I actually prefer the Raj IPA, which has a higher alcohol content but has a mellower flavor that is much easier to enjoy. You won't be disappointed if you come here for a meal and a beer.
The food here is great, I've had most of it but definitely have to recommend the Mediterranean pizza. I have yet to try the beer ( Not 21 yet ) but am going there the day after my 21st coming up here in about a week and will definitely be updating this post.
great beers, highly recommend the kilt lifter.  the carne adobada is really tasty and the this place is best when the weather is nice to sit outside and just relax.
Who has a restaurant in Phoenix without air conditioning?

I will try to remember to update this when the weather is less horrific. But really? Misters and fans alone do not a pleasant environment make for eating at the end of July. 

The beer's good, my burger was tasty, and the fries were dreamy. Even the poor waitstaff was somehow able to smile. But it was effing hot and sweaty and just generally not awesome.
I say 5 stars, but I truly am a fan.  But if you're reading this in the summer, you might want to knock it down a few stars.  Only misters and fans really don't cool the patio down enough when it's 110 outside.  But if you need a Four Peaks fix during the summer, head up to the Scottsdale location.  Maybe not as historic, and maybe it lacks some of the charm of the original - but the beer is the same and food is just as good up there.

The beers are great - love the usual selections, and the seasonals are always interesting.  Even when I don't love them (the Double Knot was just OK to me) they are always worth a try for the experience and the new flavor.  Kiltlifter and the Hop Knot have become my favorite regulars, but the Pumpkin Porter CANNOT BE BEAT around Thanksgiving time.  You really need to get in during Thanksgiving week to have some.  

Food is always reliable.  The Popper Burger is everything that's good in this world.  Great burger, spicy jalepenos and a nice thick slab of cream cheese.  You know, if you're into that sort of thing.  Which I am.

The fries are tasty, I've always enjoyed the pizzas as well.  Some of the other offerings are just OK, but I've never had a *bad* meal here.  

Service can be slow when they are slammed (and they DO get slammed), but is usually pretty accomodating.  

Any complaints I have are quickly overlooked once that tasty beer arrives.  "It's so good when it hits the lips!"
Excellent brew pub with awesome beer AND food!  Ask your server or bartender what that cask conditioned ale is and give it a try if it's in line with your tastes.  I have yet to find anything I dislike on the menu and only one beer I steer clear of (the Hefeweizen), but that's more personal taste, than anything else.
For someone who doesn't even technically live in Arizona, I've been to Four Peaks A LOT.  It's my boyfriend's favorite brewery/restaurant/hang out spot, and if he had the choice, we'd go every night, even though it's a 30 minute drive away.  While it may not be my choice for every Friday and Saturday night that I'm in Phoenix, it's a great, laid back spot to grab some food and a beer.

My favorite beers are the Hefeweizen and some of the seasonals, like this week's chocolate porter.  Prices are right, and there's usually an interesting special to try.  You can really tell that the brewmaster loves his craft - I'm especially looking forward to trying the much-touted pumpkin porter this fall!

For food, definitely go with the chicken strips.  They're hand made and incredibly juicy and flavorful.  Not too greasy, and they come with a side of delicious fries.  Other recommendations include the spinach salad with blackened chicken, the daily specials (like the buffalo burger or camarones a la diabla) or the steak sandwich on beer bread.

Overall, I'd give Four Peaks 4.5 stars for its great local vibe and cheap and tasty food and beer.  The lack of air conditioning in the summer is a definite bummer, though.  Rounding up to 5 stars for the sake of my relationship and the fact that it won't always be this hot out ;)
Four Peaks is the dominant brewery here in Phoenix. It has a long history, great location near ASU and a pretty good reputation here locally. You can find their beer in other restaurants around town and in the grocery stores as well.

Its a great place to go with a group of friends. The place is usually pretty busy and the eye candy is amazing! Thanks, ASU!

The music is great. You can tell the owner is a Dead Head. There is always a great mix of Jam Bands playing. Really ties into the college vibe. Nice touch!

The menu is good for the most part but pretty static. They dont change it up much. They do however have a daily special that is typically not on the standard menu. These offerings are usually pretty darn good and I would suggest giving them a try.

Four Peaks makes good beer. The problem is that they dont make amazing beer. Most of their beers are very middle of the road. They dont really push any envelopes in terms of style or big flavor. They do make a few seasonals that are pretty interesting. Their Pumpkin Porter is a nice treat I look forward to every year. For the year round beers, you cant beat the Hop Knot. It's a solid IPA but again, nothing out of the ordinary.

Biggest complaint: This place seems to do really well. Invest some of that money into an AC system. Its hard to hang out and enjoy yourself here in the summer when its 110 degrees outside. Perfect place to go Nov-April but its brutal in the summer.
I loved this place. They have a great selection of brewed beers. Their burgers were big and juicy. I especially loved the Roethlis-burger they had during Super Bowl several years ago. This is a fun relaxed place where you can hang out with friends. The only drawback was the lack of air conditioning during super hot summers.
this place is full of excitement. they have plenty of flat screens at all angles allowing you to view the different sports from any seat in the house. obviously it is a brewery so they have a pretty good variety of brews from lights to heavy. their Arizona chicken rolls for appetizers are tasty but they only come with two rolls (isn' an appetizer supposed to have at least 4 pieces?) but it was good. the popper burger was amazing, i strongly recommend. happy hour is everyday from 2-6pm, thats a plus and the pricing of everything is very fair for what you get. overall it was a great experience and i will be going back soon.
Oh how I love pitchers of Kiltlifter in the evening.  =) 

I went last night with a buddy to Four Peaks for dinner and my favorite beverage. We had a table outside as it was pretty busy.  I ordered a chef special which was a pork tenderloin with a chipotle cream sauce.  It was filling and had decent flavor.  The beer however stole the show as always.  

Four Peaks has a great atmosphere and AMAZING beer it's always worth a trip and if you are a fan on facebook they put their lunch and dinner specials on daily so you can plan the right time to visit.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  I literally have never had a plate here I didn't like, they also have a interesting and ever changing list of specials (I usually order off the specials menu).  This is definitely one of those places I could eat at every day.  All that and I don't even drink beer, my friends really like the beer here though.
I love this place. The food is great and the beer is awesome.

BUT, avoid this place during the summer. Or be prepared to sweat... alot.

There are no air conditioners and they use swamp fans instead. It can get pretty hot inside.
I call Four Peaks Heaven. It has the perfect combination of everything I like in a place to eat good food, drink local beer and relax.

Beer is amazing. I can always go for a Kiltlifter, but the 8th St. Ale is a very very close second. 

Food - the best "bar food" around. I wouldn't even call it bar food. The usual suspects are on the menu, but there is so much more. 

The Spinach dip is to die for. I could eat that as a meal alone. Freaking amazing.

I love the Portabello Veggie Beer Bread sandwich and the Chicken Beer Bread as well. Amazing. Fries are awesome. 

Patio - LOVE. While it is true it can be really hot in the summer inside and out, when the weather is great, this patio is almost unbeatable. 

Atmosphere - Rockin. Just a very relaxed scene. Suitable for watching a game on tv or just hanging with friends. Always great for people watching, as there is a pretty diverse crowd from students to happy hour buffs to mom & dad. 

If this place was closer to my house I would be in trouble - I would spend way too much time there.
I honestly can't imagine anyone giving this brewery anything less than 5 stars.  It's the perfect combination of restaurant (with great food, especially the burgers), brewery (Hop Knot is outstanding), and sports bar (just look at all the TVs).

I love the idea of pairing menu items with various beer selections.  I've tried several of their combination suggestions, and they've always been spot-on!
Good beer.. That's about it!  Had wings for an appetizer... Pretty good.. But too tangy for my liking and not spicy enough even when ordered HOT.  I had chef salad.. Who can't make a decent chef salad? Blue cheese dressing wasn't the best by any means. The chicken strips and fries were actually pretty good!  They were out of the beef wellington... So my boyfriend ordered the filet... What a joke! Sauce was horrible and the steak didn't have a great flavor!
Service was horrible.. One girl took our drink order and another one took our food order who was brand new and didn't have a clue.. And another girl checked in a couple of times who seemed to have been training the other girl...the bartender dropped our food and replenished our drinks..
R u confused yet? Because that was exactly how our experience was..
Should have went to chili's!
Great atmosphere and wonderful food. The best time to go is when college is not in session. Good happy hour prices also.
This place had such high reviews on Yelp that we drove all the way from Scottsdale on our vacation to Tempe to visit this place. And it was worth it! From the front doorman asking me for my ID (knowing I'm well over 30) to saying my name right and telling us to have a great time, to the bartenders asking every few minutes if we were OK, to the delicious blue cheese burger, we were happy campers the entire time. I'm not a beer drinker, but my boyfriend tried all 3 beers and loved all of them. It's a fun, casual, sports bar environment and a great place for bar food.
This was the second time I've been here and I will be back! My husband and I were going to see a comedian at the Improv and we decided to eat here since it was close.  We just got a few appitizers because we were in a hurry but they were great.  The sauce on the chicken rolls is amazing and the service is  good even though its always packed.
It's pretty good.  The Raj is an amazing IPA.  The food is decent.  Kill off the student population and I would hang out here.
Go here if you live in AZ.  It fills the void in my life being a native Oregonian missing Deschutes Brewery.  

I must admit though, I've only been here once because its a difficult place to dine with a 15 month old child.  Might want to get a babysitter for this one.
Gordon and Biersch is a far better joint to have a good beer and great food.  The food at four peaks is much less appatizing then G & B's delicious appitizers and filling burgers.  Not to mention there international favorites and rare blends.  I recommend the Martzsen for a true delicious German taste, something you will not get at four peaks.  If you want fruity imation-like beer go to four peaks, if you want real autentic beer go to G & B. ...you will not regret it...and get thier fries with your meal, best ever!
Wowee!  The Popper burger is fantastic and their beer menu is off the charts.  Try the Raj IPA if you like your brew with a little bite.

I love the fact that there are beer recommendations with their dishes and they have a killer jukebox.

This is a must visit if you are in town!
I love going here. From the food to the staff and service, this place is perfect for watching games and hanging out with friends and family. I'm not a beer drinker, but husband and friends are and I always hear about how great the beers are especially the seasonal beers. 

Can't for get a growler when you visit. It is so cheap for the amount and types of beers available.
I've been to FourPeaks twice - both times for lunch. Once with Husband, once with the girls.
Loved it both times! I love the laid back feel of the place -  this is a jeans and SunDevil's tank kind of place - anything else looks silly, at least for lunch. The food is pretty good (killer fries).
I hear it's crazy on Friday nights, so maybe I'll get brave and venture out. But it's definitely a cool place to hang out, chat and eat some great food.
Hands down my favorite establishment in Phoenix. I love the character of the old brick building, the tanks of beer right next to the tables, and the enormous bar. Service is awesome, as you can tell everyone loves working in the Best Brewpub in Phoenix. 

Just tried this year's Pumpkin Porter, and it was outstanding. Living in the desert where there's almost no sign of seasons changing, I look to the release of Pumpkin Porter to distinguish Fall. Grab a pint and taste fall. 

Cheers.
Four peaks....
 I love their spinach artichoke dip more than anything else on the menu.
Yes. its a huge portion except majority of it looks like chips and pita bread. i would not mind all of it if the spinach artichoke dip was endless. ;) Now on the other hand i have tried their beer battered bread sandwiches and their popper burger which was not spicy to me what so ever. it was amazing as well do not get me wrong but just wasn't what i was expecting. 

Lets get to the beer. the kiltlifter is good but not Amazing. My absolute Favorite beer here of course has to be the seasonal Pumpkin Porter. The oatmeal stout is not bad either i still like guiness better than the oatmeal stout though.

Last but not least the customer service has always been amazing thank god. Only downside is when its a night of a game or weekend it is packed in there. id prefer to go during happy hour before the rush or during the day or as long as i'm not the driver i could really care less i just happen to be impatient and don't want to have to stand 30 minutes to wait for a table to clear up.

Also, I wish i got this younger girls name that is a bartender here because she was absolutely amazing!! Best One i have ever met randomly! As i have been sick for almost 3 months with a weird cough thing going on she offered me hot water and honey since my boyfriend and his friends were drinking. No bartender or waitress has ever done anything like that for me before and when i go back i will update and put this in its own bracket with her name!
Before I even mention the food and the microbrews, can I just say this is one of the best people-watching places that there is?  The most unusual mix of people you can imagine, and if you're lucky enough to score a patio seat, each and every character has to parade past you.  Classic...

We went there on a Saturday afternoon, and were able to get a table on the patio (see comment above as to why that's so great).  The server was prompt and friendly, and the beers we ordered were, as my one friend kept repeating over and over, "delicious".  I had the hefe while my friends all tried the pumpkin porter.  Both very yummy.

The menu is diverse and everything I've ever tried was outstanding, but this is not the place to go if you're watching your calorie intake!  Try the popper burger or the burger with the egg and crabmeat on top:  yummy!  You simply can't go wrong.

A tad pricey for bar food and beer, but well worth it as the food is above average, as is the beer and the service.  The only downfall is the parking; you typically have to park down the street and walk but after eating that food and those "delicious" beers, you'll need the exercise!
Great brewery!  Good food/beer.  Great atmoshpere.  Eat here during Spring Training.  It was reccomended tous by the locals.  It didn't disapoint.
Kiltlifter: Remains my favorite (and most hangover-inducing) beer.

Waitstaff: Remains the most attractive in the Valley.

Food: Remains the best of any brewery I've visited, although Santan is closing the gap.

I just wish the place hadn't blown up the way it has; you used to be able to just walk in and sit down anywhere you could find a table. Now there's a hostess, a waiting list, those vibrating coaster things, etc. Maybe they'll add a second level. I'm sure the apartment dwellers across the street would love that.
Go in October so you can get the Pumpkin Porter! Also, they have the best french fries in all of Phoenix. Filling up a growler is just $10.... do it!
Good vibe they know their beer and can describe it very well.  
I tried a couple of their beers and enjoyed them all but the Pumpkin Porter probably stood out.  It was nice malty beer that really worked with the earthy-ness of the pumpkin.  The ESB as described was unique as it was a hoppy beer but had a good malty background and a nice color.  The peach ale was a good sweet fruity beer not too light as some can be.  Their famous Kilt Lifter was a good representation of the standard red ale.

The food was good on two visits I tried the Beer bread italian beef sandwich with a side salad and their blue cheese burger.  The flat bread sandwich was full of meat and cheese and the side salad was.HUGE (though with that they told me I was lucky as they are not normally that big).  The burger was great, would order it again.

As I am a man that likes his service this place had it in spades.  Knowledgeable staff were quick to help with suggestions (great beer info) and fast with refills (though they did seem quiet).
The absolute right way to do a brew pub.  Great beer.  Great food.  Great atmosphere.  If you're new to PHX, you need to go to Tempe Four Peaks.
When it is season, the Double Not HAS to be enjoyed.  One of the five best beers I've ever had.  Now, I am a beer snob.  Go to New Glarus in Wisconsin, hands down, the best brewery in the country.  Yep.  Never heard of them?  Well, you have to go to Wisconsin to taste their product and it's worth the trip.

Three Arizona breweries stand out in my mind and my local favorite is hands down, Four Peaks.  Yeah, the food is good and the atmosphere is loud and always hopping.  Four Peaks has a great waitstaff and they are always friendly and cooperative.

I am not a "bar food" guy so, there food is good, but mostly not to my tastes.  I'll have the soft pretzels with a flight and then choose a couple of the beers I like most for dessert.

Thanks for being in Tempe.  You serve this beer lover well.
Four Peaks is a "MUST VISIT" for out-of-towners. Tempe is full of chain-restaurants, and Four Peaks is the one really special place in town. Housed in one of Tempe's oldest buildings, the vibe is unique and causal (and is not overrun with fraternity guys, despite being so close to ASU's campus). 

Great beer, great food - and I don't mean "great food for a bar", I mean "This is some of the best food ever." I've never had a bad dish, and they have daily specials that are actually quite sophisticated. The only complaint I have is that the inside tends to smell. They make all their beer in house, and sometimes that yeast smell just permeates the place. The patio is great, and my preferred place to sit. 

Parking is a problem. If you can't find a spot on the street, you can try behind the building. Both spots require serious parallel parking skills, though! 

I think it is the best bar in Tempe, and one of the best in the Valley.
Oh four peaks, why do you always make me want to binge drink?
This is a pretty cool neighborhood bar and brewery with decent food and and a nice patio.  They usually have random specials like shots of jager and long island iced teas...which brings us back to binge drinking.
As long as you don't let the specials dictate what you're drinking that night, I think you'll be fine :)
The appetizers are yummy, and it's always nice to support a local brewery, so give their brewskis a whirl.
I've had hit and miss service, but overall I guess it was decent.  This is definitely a chill place to go, flip flops and shorts are the dress code.
Aside from the suspect bouncer last time I visited (When my companion asked why I was being carded and she was not, the guy replied that she looked honest and I looked shady - I know you're trying to be funny and not call attention to our ages, man, but you don't have to act like a d-bag in the process), this place is ALWAYS wonderful.  The beer is excellent and the seasonal rotations are always worth trying.  And the food is exceptionally good given that you'll be eating it in what looks like a giant barn.  The place oozes character and the vibe is chill.  Certainly up high on my list of best beer houses in the nation (with DC's Brickskeller holding the #1 spot).  Good times.
This is my favorite place to eat in the Valley. Food is high quality, portions are huge, and the recipes are amazing. The beer is great and very reasonably priced for a micro-brew, especially at happy hour. The servers are awesome and the vibe at this place is great. Plenty of TV's and they've always got the right games on.
If you're a Packers fan stay away on Sundays. This place is a big Vikings bar.
Great place to eat, drink and watch a game. The beer is very good. Been here three times in the last two weeks. The kilt lifter filet is juicy and good. The enchiladas are good but could have been hotter. Overall great place.
Quality beer, decent food, good atmosphere, all at a reasonable price.  A great place to enjoy a pint with some rock climbing friends from the Phx Rock Gym (http://www.yelp.com/biz/phoenix-rock-gym-tempe)
Oh four peaks you have done it again you sneaky devil. Some how when I think they have come up with the best daily specials ever they come and blow it away and today raised the bar to new heights. I walked in sat down read the menu and was torn between two amazing specials that made me drool just reading the words. They had a burger with a fried egg and hollandais sauce on it and an amazing sounding seared blue fin ahi blt with siracha aoli. 

Honestly I could go on and on about this meal as it still makes my mouth water 2 weeks later just thinking about it. The ahi blt was by far and away the star and may be one of the best pieces of ahi I have had in years especially on sandwich style preparation. The burger on any other day would be a menu champ but came up just a tad short. 

My only regret is not going back to have another blt for dinner since I don't know when or if it will come around again.
I always enjoy local beers, so when we moved to AZ, looked up the local breweries and have loved 4 Peaks ever since!  Good food, great beer that you can get almost anywhere, good ambiance (with tons of TVs to watch games).  Kilt Lifter is my favorite all year beer, but the Pumpkin Porter is such a special treat that my wife and I will go down there at least a couple times in late Oct, Nov just for that.
This place is very cool, located in an old brick building. Good food and beer. Lots of outdoor seating. Loved it!
I heard theres one in Scottsdale, but theres no way it's as cool as this place..
You haven't lived until you've had your car towed from the nearby apartment complex... little tip, those signs that say cars will be towed are not empty warnings.  Just park on the street like everyone else.  Then you won't end the night making a cash transaction on a dark industrial street with some guy in a white pickup truck who left his lights, I mean high beams, on for you.   

Visited Four Peaks last night for Football Monday, A.K.A. Man Monday.  Literally spent like 6 hours at the bar.  It's the kind of place you can do that.  The food is above average for bar food... note, I said for bar food.  I'm admittedly a vodka and wine drinker, so my opinion holds little weight with beer.  Also, I have no idea what I'm talking about--tried some kinda port beer that tasted like chocolate--see? 

Anyway, I couldn't possibly see a reason for hating this place so you might as well check it out.  How's that for an endorsement?
I'll be honest. I forgot my I.D. But I'm clearly over the age of 21 and when I ordered a beer, the server said she couldn't serve me without I.D. Okay, fine. I took a sip of my table mate's beer. I took another one, and before I knew it, the manager is at our table saying, "DO YOU HAVE YOUR ID?" And I said, "No. I forgot it." She said, "IF YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR ID I CAN'T HAVE YOU DRINKING. IF YOU TAKE ANOTHER DRINK OF THAT, I'LL HAVE TO ASK YOU TO LEAVE." The server apparently went and told mommy. 

Okay, fine. This place is a college place and they're probably used to under-age douche bags trying to get drunk off their friend's beer. But, it was lunch. We were having ONE beer. I understand the laws, but a little courtesy and understanding goes a LONG way. Use of one's best judgment. I don't appreciate being talked to like I am a child, and especially not scolded like I am a child. I'm from Seattle and was looking forward to coming here for the delicious beer. This lady was so rude I am never going back. Moral of the story is, don't forget your ID. And if you do, don't go to Four Peaks.
Had a great lunch here today. Sat outside the weather was prefect for it, people watching was great. Jamie was our server she was both genuinely friendly and super attentive with out being pushy. Turkey burgers were a nice surprise to see and they were very tasty. The Arizona peach is nice light and refreshing while my husbands Ips was a bit bitter for me. glad I tried this place out and we will go back for sure.
A dozen or so cohorts and I gathered for last week's Vikings/Packers game and the service was spectacular. We arrived 15 minutes before kickoff and as you can imagine the place was being overun with purple jerseys. To accomodate our large party the manager opened up the previously roped off back room and gave us free rein of the joint. It seems like the obvious play but you'd be surprised how many bar managers don't see the value in going the extra mile for bigger parties. 

Our table shared a plate of nachos (A-), cheese bread (B+), and soft pretzels (A+) before diving into beer breads (A++) and burgers (B). It's not high brow fare but it is bar food done right. 

As a Minnesotan I'm probably totally biased when it comes to reviewing a Vikings bar but I truly believe that the beer bread and Hop Knot are elite, regardless of where you're from, Wisconsin goofs included.
Ah, Four Peaks. Awesomeness.

The first time I went here was during World Cup 2010. It was packed because of the USA/Algeria game, which created quite the atmosphere. 

Service was pretty good. We got a table fairly quickly, and the server was always checking back and forth despite how crowded they were. The only issue I think there might be is that this place doesn't have adequate parking, so if you are going when ASU is playing UA or something of the sort, then arrive VERY early.

The food is awesome. Probably one of the best breakfasts I ever had, and it wasn't really anything unique. Just some eggs, toast, and potatoes, but they were all just done extremely well. The only downside is the price, it cost like $8 for what normally costs like $5-6 elsewhere. The portions weren't ridiculously huge either, but overall it was worth the atmosphere. I've played soccer with the owner a few times and he's a cool guy.

I would pretty much ALWAYS come here, if they were open for EPL games!
I loved Four Peaks more when I drank copious amounts of beer.  However, even if I have become a one pint a sitting guy, I still adore Four Peaks with equal ardor.  At one point I sampled all the beers when I friend visiting from out of town.  That's really unnecessary now because I wouldn't order anything other than the Peach Ale.  Call me a sissy.  I will be very content with my fruity and wheaty libation.  You can have your manly stout.  

The food is stellar too.  The cheese beer bread might be a caloric disaster, but its one of those Beauty falls in love with the Beast things.  One simply cannot resist.  I am also a fan of the nachos, fries, and chicken tenders.

It is usually a busy place so come when you think there will be less people, but keep in mind this place is almost never empty.
5 stars for beer
3 stars for food
I have been on a brewery kick lately and my friend loves this place, so I was stoked that she took me here.

The brewery was live and kicking and the wait was short. I was amazed how large the place was. Once we were seated, we ordered a couple of drinks - Winter Wobbler (seasonal) for me and a Sunbru for her. Both were tasty. At that point, I was starving and could eat anything. We shared a order of hummus for apps, which was really good especially the pita bread and I ordered a Four Peaks cheeseburger with pepper jack cheese which came with beer battered fries while my friend got the 8th Street Ale chicken strips. Everything was delicious. We did order a second round of drinks. This time I tried the Kilt Lifter while my friend got the same Sunbru. The Kilt Lifter was great and I liked it more than the Winter Wobbler.

The food and beer is definitely better than Gordon Biersch. I'm a fan. Now I have to see if I can find Four Peaks beers in California.
I really enjoy going to Four Peaks, though it's always packed.  We usually go with a big group but they are pretty quick to seat us.  The service is usually hit or miss.  I usually go for the Hefeweizen (I like SanTan's better) or the Peach Ale and both are very good.  The beer bread is awesome if you are going to eat.  Anything that comes with or on beer bread become infinitely better.  I find this is a great place for groups since everyone can find something to like, the atmosphere is wonderful (especially in the cooler months) and the food and drink is always good.  This is a great place to introduce friends and family to the valley as well!
Favorite little brewery. Awesome brews. Great atmosphere. Not dead, but not absolutely insane (even when it's busy it has a bit of a laid back vibe). And three more words. BEEF TRI TIP. The best, most filling and delicious and AMAZING  meal under $20 I have ever eaten. Try it!
Unfortunately I don't get enough chances to come here but, I'd say I have been here about a dozen times and each time I have never been let down.  The beer is great, the food is great, especially their french fries and the crowd is OK.  Yes it is in Tempe and you're stuck with all the ASU kids but I like to come here in the summer time or when ASU is on break because it is the locals that are here.  It is not the nicest brewery that I have ever been to, but what they lack in aesthetics they make up for in beer.  A must go to place if you're in the Tempe area!
This is pretty good grub in line with a typical pub in terms of quality and options. The beer is good and the environment is pleasant with always a good crowd. Parking can be a little challenging with a limited parking out back in the lot and a mishmash of street parking. There is a nice outside patio and always a nice upbeat feel.
This place is well worth the drive from anywhere in the valley, it's a welcoming spot for all, very laid back and plenty of seating. with excellent brews and menu it's easy to understand why so many of us locals love this place.
Four Peaks is the perfect microbrewery! I've never had a beer from this place that I didn't like, and the food is top notch. Plus, no matter what night you hit up Four Peaks there's always a decent and fun crowd around you. It's also right off ASU's campus, but you never feel like you're at a college bar. 

This location is a pain to park at, but once you get inside it's worth the small inconvenience. You can park on 8th street, but you may end up a distance from the bar unless you're lucky. I did have one shock when I arrived. It's been quite some time since I've been to the Tempe location, and it turns out it's a much more legit restaurant than it used to be. We were greeted by a hostess, and given a buzzer to wait for a table. This isn't the free-for-all I remember Four Peaks was when I was in college. We were seated outside. It was a cool night, but the patio was loaded with heaters. 

With generous portions, the place is really good about sharing. My girlfriend and I met another couple here. We all ordered beers, nachos as an appetizer, and then both couples split a meal. Even though we split the meals, all four diners were given full size sides with the orders. I had half of a swiss and mushroom turkey burger. It was perfectly cooked to the point that I almost forgot I was having turkey instead of beef. The nachos were also great. But there was one negative, they brought the meals out just minutes after the nachos. The bad pacing for trying to keep everything hot while you're eating it. It also made it tough because there was no room on the table. But everything is so good, I'll let it slide.
Great service, Great beers & Great experience!

Beers - 5
Service - 5+++
Atmosphere - 5
Food - 4

We brought our group of 18 into Four Peaks early on a Sunday night for my wife's birthday.  The place is really cool, but was totally PACKED inside and out.  Yet, all the staff were SUPER helpful in getting us a table, beers, and food.  They were also VERY knowledgeable about the beers.  And, all the servers in our section pitched-in to make sure that everything went as smooth as possible for our large group.

The Hop Knot IPA was the big hit with our crowd.  We ordered quite a few pints and pitchers.  I also thought the Baltic Porter was an awesome Winter Seasonal and the 8th Street Pale was super easy drinking.  

As a beer geek & beer judge, gotta say that the brewers at Four Peaks  have it down for taste and drinkability.  Normally, I'm not a filtered beer fan for pub drinking (just don't see the need & you can get some thin, flavorless beers.)  But, they know how to craft a proper filtered pint here, which for me, is saying a lot.

Everyone thought the food was good and much better than most pub fare (some did comment that the cheese pizza and fish & chips were a bit too greasy.)  But, everyone enjoyed themselves and we had a great birthday party.  We would definitely go back and recommend Four Peaks to our friends.

Thanks Four Peaks!
Good food. SUPER crowded on Sunday mornings, Saturday nights, and any game day, so arrive more than a 1/2 hour early if you want to find parking and sit by a TV. It's definitely a Vikings bar so go here to watch all your Vikings games - if you show up rooting for the other team you'll be sorely out of place and glared at.

The bad thing is...their beers aren't all that great. They are served warm - not nearly cold enough. If they improved that this place would be 5 stars.
Best brewery in AZ by far.  Original in house micro brews and delicious upscale bar food.  This place always has about 10 brew on tap including seasonals, pumpkin porter around Halloween is epic.  Other than that the Kilt is the best.  Location is in cool old factory building but wish there was A/C in the summer only drawback here.  Good place for an intellectual conversation with one of the ASU professors.
I have been a fan since the brewery opened, kilt lifter is my fav. They are upping the anty with a better chef & the menu. Last time I was there the special was pulled rabbit pita. The burgers are always rockstar great, if rabbit doesn't please your palate. All in all a nice place to be.
I only stopped in here for a little while with a few friends, but from what I saw, it's a pretty chill spot.

There was a lot of people there, though it was the afternoon before New Years Eve.. still, judging by other reviews, it has a healthy population of people often. 

The parking kinda sucks because if there is no room on the street, you have to park in the back and walk around the building and up the street a bit, but no biggie.

I will have to go again so I can judge the service and try the food.. which I hear is good. We shall see!
Compared to average micro-breweries on the West Coast, Four Peaks is slightly below average. It probably wouldn't survive that long if they had to compete against their breweries. Having said that, they are probably the second best in Arizona (Oak Creek in Sedona is way better if beer is the only criterion). Their beers are consistently OK but sometimes their porters and stouts are a little skunky. Seasonal beers are good but I have never had a great one.

I like the building it's in but it sure is noisy when everyone is talking. They don't have live entertainment which may be a good thing since they don't need more noise. Unless you are there with friends it's kind of a boring place just to hang out, although there are plenty of cute college girls to look at. 

Burgers are excellent. Service is OK but I usually go when it's not that busy.
Our number one place for drinks and eats in Tempe. Always the spot to go for birthdays, celebrations, and post sporting events. We haven't had a bad beer or a bad meal here. Outdoor seating (with heaters in winter) is a nice option and you can reserve the back area for large groups/parties. In the last few years, they put out a hostess stand and there is a longer wait for seating, but at least you can take the buzzer to the bar while you wait. The parking lot is very small, but you can find a spot on one of the streets nearby without too much effort.
We went on a Friday night and it was PACKED. We waited about 20 minutes, but boy was it worth it. We had a little trouble finding parking - it's located on a small street and I think most people had to find street parking. I really liked the ambiance of the place, though. Everyone was there to have a good time and people would be enjoying a beer while waiting for seats. 

Waiting for seats took a while, but once we sat down, the food was really quick to arrive. I think the service was okay - it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't fantastic either. I attribute that to the fact that the place was just sooo busy. 

We ordered Brickhouse wings for appetizer. I ordered the Italian Beef Beer Bread and my boyfriend ordered Bleu Light Special Burger. We also shared a pint of the Hop Knot IPA. The beer was exquisite. It had a rich flavor that you can really enjoy. I definitely want to go back and try their other ales. The wings were really good, too - a little spicy for my liking (we sampled all three flavors), but a good starter nonetheless. My boyfriend's burger was all right, kind of like any other burger. But the beer battered fries it came with was PHENOMENAL. It's definitely a must-try if you go. Even in England, I'd never had such flavorful beer battered fries. I also loooved my Italian Beef Beer Bread. It came in a wrap instead of sandwich. The wrap was soft and had a nice texture, and it was stuffed to the brim with tender roast beef and medley of cheeses and veggies. I just had my left overs for lunch, and it was still amazing. 

Definitely will go back!
Hop Knot!    I graduated around the time this place opened and feel like a founding father in a way.  I reacquainted myself with Four Peaks during the 2010 Homecoming weekend.  I am happy to see the place doing well. Four Peaks is everything a local craft brewery should be.  It is slightly hidden in its location off the main drags of Rural and University.  Their is a lack of pretentiousness by both the restaurant staff and the patrons.  They have definitely classed the place up a bit since the mid 90s.  I missed the dart board, as we used to get drunk and play cricket.  Maybe that was a safety concern.  Above all else, the beer is very good here.  And with the death of Bandersnatch, Four Peaks is the place to go for some great local beer.  

Almost forgot!  The food quality was a pleasant surprise!  Great huge portioned nachos!
I was there this weekend for the Tempe Beerathalon with my husband who was one of the runners, I think they did  a great job in keeping up the orders for about 150 + people.  It was a Saturday and it was already starting to get busy, but they accommodated the whole group.  

There was a slight confusion on our order, but all was forgiven due to the circumstances.  I was just happy they were able to host the event there.

I had also been here once before after winning a gift certificate for $50.00.  We happen to go during happy hour and we ate and drank so much and it still didn't total the whole amount.  We were so happy that we tipped our waiter 20 bucks, walked to the light rail and just walked around Mill Ave for awhile.
Went with a group of about 15 last night after going rock climbing at Phoenix Rock Gym. First time I'd ever been to Four Peaks and had an enjoyable time! We had a great server and my burger was amazing! The Poppin Burger (I think) has a ton of cream cheese on it, onion blossom strings, and jalepeno slices the size of small children. I was sniffling after the first few bites...but well worth it!
We had a bunch of random beers between all of us, with the peach and raspberry being the favorites. This may have had something to do with us being female...
I come here to feel young and it works...but often I leave, or wake-up, feeling old.  That's what great beer, much better than average bar food, and a young staff who think of you as that funny (and hopefully not creepy) older guy or gal, as opposed to potential date material, will do. ;)

Four Peaks, both locations, puts out a consistently fun atmosphere with sporting events, including NFL and MLB games of all teams, and a good vibrant and happy crowd.  Plus, Tempe has a great patio filled with young and old alike.

Add to that, the food is well above standard pub fare. They often have great specials, particularly for lunch and brunch.  The burger with egg is amazing for a hangover...plus a bloody mary and a RAJ IPA chaser.

I come here for the beer, in particular the RAJ IPA, the Double Knot, Kilt Lifter (to have something in the opposite end of the spectrum from an IPA), and seasonals.  (They also have a full bar, so even non-beer geeks can be quenched.)  I keep coming back because not only is the beer consistently good, but so is the food and the service.

So, grab a friend, grab a growler, and make yourself feel young or old, whatever suits you best.  And really, don't be offended when they card you at the door, be happy that you are still getting carded.
This place was pretty kick ass.  I tried a few of their beers, had a nice burger, and the ambiance was exactly what i think of when I think of a brewary.  You know kind of warehouseish with a lot of TVs for watching sports.

 The Raj IPA and the Kilt Lifter were two beers that I really enjoyed and I'd recommend to any beer drinker =)

All in all, the place had a brewery feel to it, the food was your normal pub grub, and the beer was good!   

I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in Tempe.
Excellent beers. Excellent food... the food is way better than the typical breweries. This place is always packed but I've never had to wait to be seated here. Well once, but it was at the other location so I'm not going to count that. 

I really dig the chicken strips here. It's beer battered and quite tasty. Probably my favorite chicken strips ever. The chipotle ranch that comes with it is bomb. Creamy and slightly spicy from the chipotle. I also like the beer battered fries that come with it. Just about anything I've tried here is good... from burgers (they make a pretty damn good jalapeno popper burger), to wings, salads, and pizzas. And accompanied with their awesome beers... it makes one pleasant meal!

Only downside is the parking. There is no lot... only street parking. Grant it there are plenty of street parkings around but it might require some walking.
My wife and visited Four peaks for dinner this past Saturday on a date night and it was out of this world.  
The food was amazing the server was attentive without being annoying and the beer was perfect.  I tried the flight and really liked the hop knot and the 8th ST.  (Kiltlifter is already in my beer hall of fame club).
My only complaint, open a resteraunt on the west side and save me from Rock Bottom and Gordon Biersch.
Great spot to go to for ASU students and anyone who just enjoys to kick back and drink a nice, cold and most importantly, good beer. The only problem I've had with the place is parking, but it's not too terrible, just takes some time to find a spot on the street since it's usually crowded. If you live near the light rail, you can just take it to Dorsey and Apache and then walk to the restaurant from there.

The beer is awesome, the food is great as well. I'm a skinnier guy, so I prefer the lighter beers which I why I always go with the 8th street. I've had the Raj and the Kilt Lifter, and they're tasty as well. If you go after 11 you can get a pint for $3.25. I came here for my 21st birthday and got a beer on the house. The food is a bit pricey, but it's worth it in my opinion.

Overall, just a great local spot. It lived up the hype I had heard, which was a lot. One last thing: Don't bother trying to come with a fake ID, you won't get in. The bouncers gave me some grief for my ID, and I'm 23.
Ahh Memories... I miss here since I moved from Arizona. Literally, best beer you can find in AZ. I went to Germany for training. I  miss Four Peaks :) (Yes even in Germany)

My favorites are Kilt Lifter and Arizona Peach Ale. I can drink a pitcher of Pitch ale myself.

Food : I like veggie pesto pizza a lot. Also, Chicken strip with chipotle sauce is food for late night. They have a good burgers too.
Never a bad experience! Even in the summer when you're sweating your ass off since its not air conditioned/outside.  
The beers are all pretty good.  I definitely prefer some to others but it seems as though everyone has different opinions.  There is sorta something for everyone.  I like the 8th St and the Hop Knot.  Sometimes the peach is pretty refreshing too although I never thought I would like a peach beer.  My bf loves the Kilt Lifter.  I am really not a fan of the hefeweizen but I must be in the minority because its the one I see most commonly on tap at other bars. 
I haven't tried everything on the food menu but I haven't been disappointed in anything I've had.  The fries are really good and I LOVE the dipping sauce they give you for the chicken tenders.  I suppose my only food complaint would be that the pizza I tried was a little too cheesy.  Still tasted great I just couldn't help but think about all the fat and calories.
Great Beer! Best Chicken Strips you can find! Enough said.
I really am a fan of this place. It has good food and good beer, and also is associated with some good memories here. This place is a great place to come to and watch a game or two. Or in our case, a great place to come to after watching out team win or lose the game. The parking here can be difficult since there is no lot or anything designated for costumer parking. The beer is really good here. I like the lighter beers, such as their regular peach beer, but their other beers and seasonal are awesome too. The food is delish; I always get a hankering for their beer battered fries. Eat it with their jalapeño ranch sauce and it's perfect. That and some loaded chicken nachos are easily split between friends; their portion sizes are fairly huge. It's really an awesome spot to get together with friend, have a pint, enjoy a game and some good food.
I made the mistake of relocating to the east coast a few months ago.    

There are few thoughts about life in Arizona that cause a pit in my stomach like when I think about a warm night on the patio at Four Peaks.  I'm not really sure what it is about a barren warehouse converted to a brewery.  But it's magical. 

I walk around the cold suburbs of DC and am overwhelmed by the thought of a Tap Room Tenderloin (blue cheese crumbles on the side).  Or a cold pint of Sunbru on a warm summer afternoon.  Better yet, ordering a Winter Wobbler after your waitress wobbles in the aisle to demonstrate how good it is.  

I arranged to meet a girl here on a first date.  We enjoyed numerous pitchers over a couple of years.  We fell in love here and she even arranged a quick behind-the-scenes tour as a Christmas present.  But she also convinced me to move outside the Four Peaks distribution area.  When we decided to move, we had our going away party here.

So my suggestion to Yelpers in the Phoenix area is to not just visit Four Peaks in Tempe or even the Grill and Tap in Scottsdale.  But have a beer, fall in love but never move away.
Yea it still retains its 4 stars and this has been confirmed with my love of the Oatmeal Stout. I guess I never realized how good a pint of this stout but had a pint of it last friday and enjoyed every sip of it. Yes it's dark, but it's medium bodied and the flavor is delicious! omg i'm talking beer. oh my. Like always their beer battered fries are simply the best especially with Sweet Jalapeno Ranch dip on the side it just makes the experience awesome.

But... this time after many visits over a period of five years, yes the parking sucks and during the summers it gets sticky with the misters and the large fans attempting to circulate air inside and on the patio. this time me and dani ordered dessert. The idea of dessert was aroused when we were waiting for our pager to buzz while hanging out by the bar, dani with her regular peach beer and my hefweizen. we saw a slice of chocolate fabness on a plate passing by, so, we made note and agreed that we would not really eat our oversized entrees and ensure we'd have room to eat some cake! Well the agreement was more of i'd have a little cake but nevertheless. Had the fish and chips which were DELISH... YUMMY! and we finally order the cake of least resistance the oatmeal stout tiramisu! Now this slice of tiramisu is meant to be shared by a village of dieters or a gang of dessert whores because it's mammoth prehistoric huge. The chocolate topping with the whipped cream, tiramisu filling and oatmeal stout deliciousness makes this dessert almost feel like a sexxxy party in your mouth, the flavor is fireworks good! ok i'm salivating for a some now. BUT yes get a slice and ensure you and your dessert gang eat some. so i end this with. OATMEAL STOUT!
This place is ALWAYS busy and packed!!  Be prepared for a long wait for a table.

But once you get in and get seated, they've TVs galore. All of their food is massive, and everything I've had here is really good.  My first trip to Four Peaks was to quell a burger craving. Craving quenched - great variety of burgers. Subsequent trips have all been good - nachos, chicken fingers, wraps.  My most recent trip this past weekend, I had their margherita pizza - their version has white sauce and garlic, thin crust, one size, about 10" - and, as usual, Four Peaks came through, it was damn good. 

Of course, it's a brewery, and they have great beer. If you're a beer fan, you'll love their beers from amber to stout.
I loved this place. The food, beer, service, and overall ambiance all worked for me. Both me and my friend had the salmon BLT and I got the Kiltlifter. The sandwich and the beer were absolutely delicious. There is nothing quite like enjoying a cold brewski outside with good friends and good food, and Four Peaks delivers that. Its worth driving around looking for parking, don't let that stop you. I will definitely be going back here in the future to try their seasonal beers (they were in between seasons when I went), buy fresh-brewed beer to take home, and try some more of their delectable menu. One of my favorite spots in Tempe by far.
Unbelievable.  I found this place on Yelp, so thank you, Yelpers!

Went in on Thursday, found the staff attentive and friendly.  In fact, I think they might have kept serving me well past my ability to drive.  The food, spectacular!  Beers? Spectacular!  

Went back Sunday after the half marathon for the playoff games.  Took less than the hour the desk said to get a seat for nine, and the pizza was awesome.  The previous lamb and sausage pasta was also super.

This place rocks, only downside is the parking.  

I hear it isn't air conditioned for the summer.  If the lure of the land truly does draw me out to AZ, I will update this.
I really dig their 8th Street Ale, and the food here is great! Got the calamari last night and then some pork adobado. Both were home runs! Loved the sauces for the calamari, which came in sticks cut from a calamari steak rather than the typical rings and tentacles. This place is a bit of a drive for me, but is well worth it every time!
If you love a great Elk burger, this is the place to go.  Great beer too.
We took about 10 people to 4 peaks the week before Christmas for lunch.  It was really busy, but they got us right in.  The service was top notch and so was the food.  We will be back for sure!  Can't wait to try brunch.
there is only 2-4 spots that i make sure each out of town visitor gets to try as local fare - LGO, Breakfast Club, The Grind, and Four Peaks. This place is by bar the most frequented establishment i visit in the valley. i never wait long despite there always being a line. 

I've tried 8-9 menu items and have only been disappointed in 1 (a daily special of bratwurst hoagies) but that was my fault. By the time i had been served the heavy/fatty menu item, i had already indulged in 1/2 plate of fries and some artichoke dip. 

I'm not a beer fan but crave their beer. Best french fries in town. I crave their nachos with blackened chicken and their white pizza. And with their uh-mazing outdoor patio and the sunshines and weather that we get 6mths a year...Boom.
This place rules.I love a non coparte business,escpcially locally owned and brewed beer and killer food.the daily specials are the b*MB.cometh staff is good to look at and always friendly,the managers and owner are always walking around making sure everything is ok.and you can grab beer to go.perfect,gotta watch out for that raj IPA,strong,I call it "no knees"eat drink and be merry,vi la vida
I came here for the homemade Peach Ale and the Stoutamisu - and i loved both!

I'm not a beer or ale drinker, but the Peach Ale is a drink i could get used to! It's light, refreshing and has a prominent peach flavor, which is seriously tasty :)

As for the stoutamisu - i'm a huge fan of traditional tiramisu, so wasn't sure if i'd like this version. Once again, Four Peaks has proven me wrong (and so did my brother who insisted I try both). In this version, the lady fingers are soaked in Oatmeal Stout and has the most incredible chocolate cream covering the outside along with chocolate shavings! This is an awesome twist on the classic, especially since I usually don't like stout, i happily ate this dessert :) As for the portion, it's huge - i think one slice was the length of my forearm and the width my forearms combined!
Four Peaks has been one of my favorite places for years now. 
Local beers are awesome and this place does it best. Although my absolute FAVORITE is the Pumpkin Porter seasonal, in off season I'm happy with any of their beer, but usually stick with some Peach Ale. It gets crazy crowded on game days (of all sports and all teams) but always worth the wait. They have the best spinach artichoke dip I've ever had. The servers are 100% hit or miss. Usually I have a great service, but occasionally I've had terrible service (bad servers but still great food/beer). Oh, and parking is kind of rough... but even then I cannot give this place less than 5 stars b/c of their consistent food and drinks. Oh! And Sunday Brunch... bloody marys and peak's mimosas. Seriously, do it.
Great food and beer.
Who doesn't like Four Peaks!? They have a beer for every taste and a full bar if beer is not your thing.  Hey ladies the Peach Ale is a nice non-scary "girly" beer.

The food is always delicious. Great burgers! I really enjoy both of the beer breads. Spinach dip!

The only negatives for a hungry customer are the parking and the wait, but once you get in who cares, right!?
The only negative aspect I can see, is the lack of close parking.

The Salmon BLT was perfect, and went perfectly with my Hefeweizen, even though the menu didn't pair the two.  I will return to indulge again.

My buddy's Chicken Beer Sandwich was a game changer due to their fresh baked beer bread, which was kind of like a soft thin focaccia.  The sandwich was served 'wrap' style.  His order came with beer battered fries, and they were great.

They only have fresh lemons to squeeze into your Hefe, so you'll have to bring your own oranges.  And remember... pulp can move, baby!
First time a Four Peaks and I have to say, not too shabby. 

We got a table on the patio straight away and had our beers within a couple mins.  The Hop Knot IPA was good, very floral and hoppy in the nose, but not much on the back end; not a whole lot of body.  My burger actually was cooked the way that it was ordered!!!  Good experience I would have to say.
Three reasons this place is outstanding:

1.  The beer is top notch.  A wide variety of styles made on site.

2.  The food is the best bar food I have ever had.

3.  The old creamery building is beautiful, only made better by all of the giant fermenters inside.

--

Recommendations:

a.  Sit outside if the weather is nice.  Great patio!

b.  Order the beer style you are in the mood for.  If you cant decide, get the sampler.

c.  Appetizer-  Spinach artichoke dip (best in town)

d.  Entree- Chicken Beer Bread Sandwich
with fries and a side of jalapeno dressing

e.  Dessert- Stout milkshake
This place was really good. I had a hop knot and a kilt lifter both full flavored beers. I liked the hop knot more cause I love IPA's. I had a the four peaks cheeseburger and that was awesome too. The outdoor seating was nice. 

Oh yeah, if you like the beer, yo can purchase a jug to go. I'll definitely be back soon.
Four Peaks is an awesome place to go with friends for dinner and of course great beer!  They have an awesome selection of ales ~ IPA's that are brewed on site. The atmosphere and decor and decor are cool. 

I recommend setting on their patio ~ weather permitting and getting some apps and try the sample orders.  Then pick a beer you like best ~ I like the hop knot but then there;s the kilt lifter, and then order some great grub!  They have really good sandwiches and other good eats.
Excellent food. Excellent beer. Excellent service.  Enough said.
GREAT local craft beer (hopheads, you'll love the Hop Knot IPA).  The food holds it's own.  Always stop here on our trips to AZ.  Owners are Vikings fans!
I love the beer here first, nice selection and seasonal. In my opinion always support your local businesses first. 

The fish and chips here is probably the best I had so far and for $10 you get huge portions. I will come back here every time I am back in town! 

Beware since it is so close to ASU campus this place gets packed at night. Bring your ID at night or you will not get in, but you are automatically 21+ if you park next to the bouncer and walk in front of him to the place!
I went here on a date and it was a great atmosphere for people who aren't stuffy.  Except the heating on the patio -- Geeze! Turn the heaters down people, this is Phoenix. We did request the heater be turned down, much to the delight of the other tables near us but then a random server came around and turned them back on. This was my only complaint for the evening.

The service was attentive but a little slow - considering how packed they were it was more than reasonable. I ordered the pretzels which were good and my date had a burger and fries, which he said were pretty good too and pretty standard fare for the place.

If you can avoid driving here, do so. The parking situation is the absolute worst.
Took this recommendation from the guy working the front desk at the hotel.  This place is huge and was filled with every walk of life - really good atmosphere for a fun dinner.

We got the nachos with blackened chicken for an appetizer.  It's big, so bring an appetite or at least 3 people to much on them.  For dinner my girlfriend got the french dip which was great, the au just was really good and the sandwich was a bundle of savory deliciousness.  I got the fish and chips; they weren't out of this world but they got the job done, especially after a few beers.

For drinks, get their Hop Knot and Kilt Lifter.  The Peach was also really good, but your lady might be more into it than you.
The beer bread "wraps or rolls or....?" are awesome. I get the same one every time and I go with the pasta salad (also awesome) for my side. Nothing like some beer bread and a pitcher of some hand crafted beer on a nice Friday afternoon for lunch with your boss and co-workers.
Best bar in Tempe.  There is no place around brewing better beer (try the peach ale!).  They have very tasty food as well!  I like to go with the fish n chips or maybe the southwest egg rolls.  Beware my fellow Chi-Town sports fans though, this place turns into a Vikings bar on sundays...
Great place for a great micro brew! The atmosphere is really laid back and fun - just a nice relaxing place to catch a buzz. Seating both indoors and out on the patio. Next time I need to try the food...the beer is so filling I usually seem to just "drink my dinner".
Great food. Great beer. Great atmosphere. I love this place for a cozy lunch or for a fun happy hour with friends.
5-star rating for the beer!

Beer tasting platter--what a freakin' awesome idea. Forget food! Just order this smorgasbord of delicious yeasty-ness and drink your dinner. 

Some Phoenix-based friends took us to this brewery for dinner one evening and that is when we discovered... the Four Peaks beer tasting platter. This idea is not a foreign one for mini-breweries like Four Peaks, but the quality offered here is second to none. 

I wish I could remember the names of the ones we liked the best... but we finished the lot before our dinner arrived, leading for a semi-sloppy evening. All in all, just try it for yourselves--you won't be disappointed.
Love the food, beer and atmosphere! In an odd location but there is no reason to avoid this place! Can't wait to go again.... oh and wish i lived closer!
Meh. The beer's good. Food ok. I'll go here, but never my 1st choice. Or 5th...
Beers were delicious...and the roast beef sandwich on their beer bread was ridiculous. Tasted like a philly cheese steak...with their beer bread. The pretzels were delicious as well...i definitely recommend stopping in.
Ahh..can't go wrong with Four Peaks.  Local brewery that's been around and serving patrons of ASU and beer connoisseurs for years.  Who ever was their mixologist did a wonderful job; food and beer goes hand and hand very well.  The place is always popping!  Try getting a seat - gotta wait, but well worth it.  Unless you hit-up the bar; first come first serve.  The service is pretty good even when the place is full.  Hot bartenders and quick service -- can't complain!  How about the ambience - well down home fun and chill.  Point is I appreciate a bar that doesn't care what you wear as long as you come with a shirt and pants/shorts/skirt whatever! - Enjoy!
Best Spinach/Artichoke dip EVER! and when I have company in town this place is a great choice. My family & friends are always super impressed with the food and the beer. The college crowd and the limited parking is a bit annoying, but again, that dip with a pint of Kilt Lifter makes it worth it.
this place has one of the best happy hours ever! and st pattys day at 7am see you then!
I don't understand how this place does so well in the location it is at.  I had drove right past 8th St b/c I could not see the sign.  Beer/food is good - I like the fries.  Their happy hour sucks - $1 off beer and nothing for food.  Get's busy, even at 4PM.
After my experience at Papago Brewery, I now spend my time at Four Peaks any time I am in the mood for a good beer. I like their Arizona Peach Ale and their Hefeweizen. I usually order their veggie pesto pizza or chicken enchiladas. I know your probably thinking what I was thinking, enchiladas at a brewery? They are delicious. I always take home the leftovers, which are just as good the next day. My husband is predictable, he always orders the salmon b.l.t. 

Con - I wish Four Peaks had a better happy hour. Maybe 1/2 price appetizers, which would bring me in more often. Regardless, I still keep going back.
The eggs benedict delivers!
Best sandwich ever!
Absolutely love this place and have since our days back at ASU.  Beer's good, food's good, atmosphere rocks, service is great ... they've got it all.
Ok This place was recomended by our hotel, taxi driver and a waiter at Chilis.
We decided to check it out Sat. night and we were amazed at how many damn people were there.  We had to park a couple blocks away.  We put our names and were told it would be 45 min. Not bad at all.  
We went to the bar to sample the local brews and came accross some guys that gave us their rervations.
I got a pizza and it was damn good.  My friends had burgers and they liked them as well.  
Overall the food was great anx the beer was better.  Five stars would be given if the jack ass waiter took care of us.  He had friends to bs with and spent a lot of time watching the NCAA tournament.  I left with a full belly and a six pack of some good beer.
Yum
I have been to breweries all around CO and visit Four Peaks when in AZ. Great beers, fantastic patio, very good service.
This place is the jam.

You want a spot to come hang with your buddies? This is it. Great beers. Delicious food. A fun vibe. You have it all here.

One thing that is consistent with most brewpubs, is that on the menu, there are beer suggestions for most of the foods. 

Now, for me, that's not a big deal because I am a craft beer guy, and I don't need help pairing beers and foods...but I can't say the same for others. And this is very helpful for people. PLUS, I'm not perfect. Maybe I can discover a pairing that will help me.

I had the Chicken Nachos and they were DELICIOUS! They didn't skimp on the amount of chicken, and it wasn't overloaded with cheese. PERFECTION!

It gets crowded on weekends, and parking can be a bit tricky. You may have to circle around the neighborhood and walk back. It sucks. But, it's worth the walk.

Oh yeah, and apparently this is a huge Vikings bar. Don't give Brett Favre your cell phone #. No one needs to see those pics.
going to miss this place when i move. best overall restaurant/bar in AZ...with the most memories.
the beer was good and  it was a beautiful day so sitting outside was nice. the spinach artichoke dip was good but VERY rich-a nice place to spend  weekend day. it was packed at 3pm so i'm assuming it would be worse at night. not bad for a local brewery
The reason I rated this so low is because I can never just get a table here.  It's always busy, it's cramped, and loud.  Sure the beer is great, and the food too... but it's never just easy to eat here.  Parking on the street stinks, and then waiting a half hour for a table is frustrating when there is no room for you to stand anywhere.  Otherwise, sure it's a fine bar.. but there are other bars in Tempe.
64 words: Spinach artichoke dip and chicken fingers (yes chicken fingers sounds like a 6-year-old's meal but theirs are super awesome) and lots of beer but not too much beer because it's heavy and you really don't want to puke foamy kiltlifter all over your flip flops, which I know you are wearing because it's about 283 degrees in Tempe between April and September!
Good food, beer is even better, nice vibe.  Only problem is parking can get scarce since it's basically in a neighborhood and the line outside can get long.
This is such a fun place.  Whether you're hanging out with one friend at the bar or a group of friends at a table - you're going to have a good time.  

Even if you take away the amazing beer - the food is great too.  They have your standard bar food like the 8th Street Ale Chicken Strips (my fav), fish & chips and burgers.  But then there are the Salmon BLT, the Carne Adovada and Chicken Enchiladas - AMAZING!

The icing on the cake is that the staff is great as well.  Always nice and quick to give suggestions.
from their site: "if you don't like these, then you must not like beer."

blunt, but warranted.  four peaks offers most common microbrews and throws in a few rotating seasonals.  if you don't like most of them, you're probably better off with a bud light; if you don't like any, you must not like beer.

my favorites were their hop knot IPA and kilt lifter.  both were unrestrained, west coast style - the hop knot loaded with potent hops and the kilt lifter with malt.  just awesome stuff, especially underneath the unrelenting arizona sun.

they don't slouch on the menu either, though i was too busy floating in the beer sampler to give the food much of a chance.  for any non-beer drinkers or for any beer drinkers with bottomless bellies, the oatmeal stout milkshake is a must-have.
4 Peaks, thank you for existing. You serve me delicious beer and food that would stand alone as 5 star class. Your salmon BTL makes me question my prior understanding of beautiful.  Your only flaw is a testament to your goodness, you can be a little too busy from time to time. 

You are a jewel of Tempe and I salute you. Cheers.
I don't give five stars out often, but when I do.
Anyways long story short, if you like really good craft beers and great food, this is the place!
I've been going to Four Peaks since the owner(s) used to sleep in a cot in the back room.
It can get crowded, probably the only downside, but the atmosphere, patio and overall vibe make it worth any wait you might have to endure.
Check it out, you will be happy you did!
I didn't start coming here until I was 21 and it was worth the wait! I am not a huge beer drinker but the peach beer is delicious! All the red wines are great with the food (which is quite scrumptious as well)! Happy hour is a great time to go. It is always packed though, no matter what time of day so parking can be hard to find sometimes. Four Peaks is definitely worth walking a block or two for!
Oh four peaks brewery how I love thee...Let me count the ways!

1. Always #1...your delicious foamy, cold beer. There hasn't been one I've tried that I haven't liked. From the kilt lifter to the hefe to the peach...I even 
love the oatmeal stout - and I'm very picky about my stouts.

2. You have have the amazing food I want to eat after a good night out. Three words: Beer battered fries. And actually I'll throw in the nachos, too. Both are good actually with or without a good night out.

3. Great atmosphere...it can be intimate, it can be great for parties. Outdoor and indoor seating. Unique and cozy feel, yet open and large. Setting for any of my needs. 

4. Amazing beer.

This is probably why four peaks is my go to spot. It's also very affordable, great for the local college students. The pros here keep me from grumbling at the parking space around it and how packed it always seems to be. But, I always leave with a few more good memories, happy stomach and a 6 pack of kilt lifter.
East Valley Residents: We are lucky to have this Cornerstone to AZ microbrews right in the heart of Tempe.  Its off the beaten path so you wont find this place filled with frat boys and party crashers.  To know the beer is to love this place, but to try the food is to be OBSESSED! Not just your typical pub food.  Also, the lay out is wonderful... The patio is partially covered or fully open.  Late night happy hour on pitchers, pints, and apps are a win. I'm actually going to late happy hour tonight for some house made chicken fingers and edamame with a pitcher of Raj. :)
The sampler was great, lots of flies this time of year... climbing all around...lunch was salad and half turkey sandwich on beer bread..
the bread was good.. soooo much mayo.. of course, tomato not in season..my lunch friends seemed to enjoy their lunch, popper burger good.. all in all, nice place to eat outside.. go for the brew!!
This is one of my favorite places! I've been there tons of times, and always have a great experience. The beer is awesome, and the food is really good too! Best chicken fingers around. The hummus plate is a great variation on the regular bar food too. The service is always good, the crowd is friendly, and overall it has a nice laid back vibe. (Prices aren't bad either)
PS You MUST try the brunch!
I love this place they have good food and a nice atmosphere. If you are in the area and want to have a good time stop by here.
My wife and I found Four Peaks by chance. We got lucky. The food was great, service was great, and all thr beers rocked. My wife's fav was the Heff and the Arizona Peach. We got a beer glass to remember the occasion and plan to swing by on the way out and grab a growler.
Great food, great service, great beer. What more could you ask for? This is by far my favorite place to eat/drink in Tempe. Their Italian beef beer bread is awesome. Surprisingly so is the chicken salad pita along with the pasta salad. As far as beer goes, hop knot is my favorite, but its all awesome. I would recommend getting the beer sampler at first to see what you prefer.
No reason for a long review here, with nearly FIVE HUNDRED of them and a four and a half star average, you know it's fantastic. Wonderful, open atmosphere, several incredibly tasty brewskies, enthusiastic staff and surprisingly top notch bar food... five starskies.
I came here on a Sunday night for dinner/drinks with a gf. I'm from Seattle so everything was new to me. 

This location was a bit obscure as most of the parking as out back. My gf (who lives in AZ) told me she'd never go back there as she didn't feel safe in the parking lot and the back alley way. I guess I can see that if you're a local and you're familiar with the area. 

The place was absolutely packed and we were told it'd be a 20 min wait. It was actually more like 10 mins and we were seated near a TV. 

I had thought a sports bar would be good to chill and hang out. I didn't realize we'd be surrounded by college boys/men and have to shout to talk over all the loud yelling & TV. 

The food came quickly & our food wasn't bad. I had the chicken noodle soup (which didn't have much chicken 'or' noodle). 

It had a 'Hooters' type feel to it as all the waitresses were in a uniform and most were 'booty shorts'. Part of you feels bad for them.. part of you knows that they know what's going on. 

Not a bad place but definitely gets packed despite how large the place is. We were seated indoors but outdoors seemed very laidback as well.
I went here today for lunch with some friends to celebrate the end of our first year of grad school (yay!). The place has a nice atmosphere, and it was nice sitting outside, especially on such a nice day like today was. This place was really busy when we got there today at around 11:45. One of my friends got a burger and said it was pretty good, another got a salmon sandwich which she likes a lot, another got the grilled chicken beer bread sandwich, but she didn't care for it. I tried hers and I thought it was good, although a bit bland. I ordered a special, the BBQ chicken beer bread sandwich with a side salad. The sandwich was good, it had chipotle bbq sauce, chicken, cheddar, and fried onion strings. The onion strings really made the sandwich (well, more like a wrap...but whatever). I got the balsamic dressing, and it was really good. It was probably the best thing we got. At the end we all split the stout tiramisu. This was pretty good, but I like the classic better. It is tiramisu made with chocolate mascarpone and with stout beer. I couldn't taste the stout much after the first couple bites, the chocolate took over. I would definitely come back, as it was decent, and they have beer and whatnot, but it wasn't the best place ever, just alright.
Finally made my way over to four peaks, and left nice and tipsy, off all the different beers i had to try..so all in all i can say i left very happy :)

Service was great, and i love the inside of this place. 

I looked over the menu it is "typical" bar food in my opinion, HOWEVER not so typical was hummus so of course i had to try it, and it was flippin fantastic!!! ( yes im a hummus whore,  I have to try a new one every chance i get)

Great happy hour prices, i'll be back fa sho!
One of my favorite sports/beer/good food places.  This place is always busy.  I love the earthy atmosphere like you're in a massive cave.  All the food I have had there has been amazing.  The quesadillas are dangerously good.  I love cheese and they use lots of it.  The burgers and fries are great.  I love the beer sampler so you get to try all the brewery has to offer.
They say its bar food done right - I'd have to say I agree.  Got the burger and wings - both very solid.  Love the beer choices.  The prices are very reasonable for specialty beer and good bar food.  All in all, I am definitely going back regularly!
Micro breweries are becoming a dime a dozen in the US. It seems like every city has their versions....This makes for a fun brew finding mission when I visit other cities. Several conversations with friends recommended Four Peaks as the place "[I] will love it!". Reading a dozen different Yelp reviews the expectation grew...When we made the turn on 8th St. I felt lost for a moment before the gleam of light showed a well marked restaurant/brewery. The building is a converted warehouse....and they did a fantastic job converting it into a brewery.

If you have never been here before (and over 21) check out the beer sampler. 3oz sampler of each brew on their regular rotation! My favorites are the Hefeweizen and the Arizona Peach. "The Peach" as they call it is probably one of the more unique tastes in beers I have had the pleasure of tasting. The chicken nachos were awesome. Most of the time when I have chicken on nachos the meat ends up slightly dry. In this case the chicken remained moist and flavorful. The fries were battered in some kind of awesome...like the seasoning was baked into it or something. 

Four Peaks has a friendly and fast waitstaff. As confirmed, the ladies that make up the waitstaff are very attractive..maybe it startled me but it was refreshing to see such great personality (as we were cutting up a little and the waitress we had was fueling the fire with her playful comments...)

I was only here briefly for a light snack and a few drinks so I never got to fully experience this place. No question it was a great place that is very locally celebrated...something I personally appreciate. Service was great, food was great, beer was awesome....these are the reasons for 5 stars

I will be coming back around here next time I am in town.
Home of Kiltlifter.   Four Peaks has it all -- great beer that's now recognized regionally, great food and a great atmosphere.   Pricing is not that bad either.  

Large indoor area, large patio.  

Worth visiting repeatedly.   

Park around back.
Four Peaks wow. Very tasty grubbins. Went with several friends. Atmosphere was calm, casual and the service was good too, oh yeah, great beer.
Theres always something cool about drinking a locally brewed  beer when you see the big tanks that it was brewed in just sitting in the background! As a huge fan of all kinds of beer this place is heaven on earth, everytime i go there i always get a different beer everytime, i just want pick a favorite, their food is great, the people are always there to have a fun time.......overall whats not to like about this place? NOTHING!!
I can't say anything that hasn't been said already. Love this place. Personal favorites 8th street ale, and all of their IPA's. Chicken strips and nachos are some favorite menu items. Their dinner specials are always unique and are typically very good (even if they are occasionally overpriced for bar food). Best bar in town for hanging out with friends and downing a pint.
I finally got to this place. The people who took me there raved about the place and are regulars.  Very interesting building-check it out if you go. Nice crowd but not to busy.  Interesting menu. Food was good but nothing exceptional.  The most noticeable thing about eating there was the complete lack of enthusiasm/interest on our server's part.  I thought being on a college campus, the person serving us might been upbeat and cheerful?  Not so. Even when I asked for a take out box, the server sat it down by my plate and walked off without a word.  

Maybe if I'd had more than a few beers, I'd have appreciated this place more. There is a real variety of places to go to in Tempe so why go back.  Going back to Four Peaks kind of reminds me of the old expression-buy me another drink,  your still ugly.  The server wasn't buying.
Everyone loves Four Peaks Brewery.  And yes, I love it too.  But I love Santan Brewery in downtown Chandler just a little bit more and below are the reasons why (in no particular order)

1.  Better parking
2.  Better a/c
3.  I am never the oldest person there
4.  Better hummus
5.  Two kinds of cider on tap
6.  Better happy hour
7.  Plenty of shops to visit while waiting for table (or walking off a buzz)
8.  Movie Mondays
One our favorite neighborhood bars/breweries. My girlfriend used to live walking distance from here so we used to come at least once a week, and still pretty much do. I cant tell you what on the menu we haven't ordered but we have had pretty much everything, and its ALL good!!

My tips for the best, or our faves:
**SALMON BLT** TO DIE FOR
**pretty awesome cheeseburger**
**Southwest Chicken rolls** for sure
*Pesto veggie pizza*
*Fish and Chips*
The fish and chips are phenomenal. We spoke to a random lady when we were traveling (she was from London) and we were talking about being from AZ. When she heard that, she mentioned Four Peaks and how they had the best fish and chips and they were just as good as in London. We totally agreed, but felt validated that our favorite dish had the British 'seal of approval'!

I mean everything, down to the Caesar salad is great. As far as beer, well of course Kiltlifter, but the Hef as well as the Peach beer are so great here.

*Free Beer on your birthday* Be sure to take advantage of that!

Parking is around back and there is additional street parking, but this place is so busy that I just head around back to begin with. Want to waste no time getting there! 

There is a very large patio which is fun to people watch, they have misters often. Inside there are at least a dozen huge flatscreens and then there is also a pseudo-indoor outdoor patio, very cool. This place has such great atmosphere, I even think its a cool first date, as I have seen many couples here. My girlfriend and I come all the time, with each other, friends, and even for family dinners. Its a place for everyone! You must go check it out, if you havent been already!!
I had just the beers here, which were fine, but I was distracted most of the time because they seated us at a table right next to the restroom. It's hard to enjoy yourself when you are fearing the ever looming stench of being near the restroom, however I never really smelled anything horrid.

We ordered a plate of fries and they were actually very good.
I loathe the people that dare mark this place off for its parking situation.  People gripe all the time that the Phoenix area has no cool older buildings nor history, so when you get one, you gripe that it wasn't built with a parking lot?  Pssssh.  Man up.

That being said, I love Four Peaks.  It's a chunk of PHX that we can actually brag about to people from else.  What other brewery out there has this well-known of a beer (Kiltlifter, the de facto beer of the Phoenix area) and THIS good of food?

Steak sandwich is ballin', a delicious and perfectly cooked filet with onion straws and blue cheese (seriously...I dont know how you can live without this once you taste it).  Chicken strips are ballin', they're so perfectly battered and tender, and the chipotle ranch is perfect.  The nachos are a heaping mound of chips and heaven.  They actually took their time to make not just Bar Food, but GOOD Bar Food.  This beats most restaurants, bar be damned.

Man up and live a little.  WAH IT'S CROWDED.  WAH I CAN'T FIND PARKING.  Deal with it, life is hard.
I had to give it a full 5 stars as I've never had a less than delicious experience here.  I must've been here 3 times in the last 2 months and at least a dozen times before that. I've had nearly every beer they brew and almost every chicken option on the menu. If you like hefeweizen, I HIGHLY suggest you try theirs. It is fantasticly creamy and not too wheaty. It has sorta made me a hefeweizen snob and turned me off of Blue Moon.  ;-)  
The chicken roll-up sandwich on their beer bread is probably my favorite sandwich in the valley.  How can you argue with chicken, artichoke hearts and cucumber sauce? Then they add grilled onions, peppers and melty cheese to make it even more delectable!  
The boyfriend and I recently tried their pizza on a casual date-night dinner.  I suggested the veggie pesto (again with the artichokes) and he of course suggested the addition of chicken... It was great! I've now had that pizza 3 times and I'm considering expanding my horizons to be fair to the other pizzas. We also recently tried their buffalo chicken wings and no surprise, they were delish.
Oh, and I can't forget to mention how they have a fair amount of tv's for your sports viewing pleasure!  I'll be back... Time and time again!
The restaurant came as a recommendation after getting a massage at nearby Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa (which I would highly recommend!).  I'm glad it did!  I sat at the bar, and even considering I was by myself/out of town I didn't feel out of place.  I think that's mostly because the bartenders were so friendly (especially Jamie, who knew me by name and made me feel welcome).  The restaurant recommendation I got included what to order, and I'm glad I followed directions...my Top Sirloin (or something like that) on Beer Bread (a house speciality) was surprisingly delicious.  I sat next to someone (I expect a regular) who was kind of a character, but it just made me feel like I was getting the true Four Peaks experience.
Always. Whenever we're in Phoenix. The Stout milkshake.  Yes.  The best food we had in the whole 9 days we were in Phoenix.
4 Peaks is great.  Terrific for lunch, happy hour or dinner. They serve normal bar fair.  The beers are all pretty good. I suggest pumpkin porter in the fall when it is available.
I have a truly deep love of this place. Yes, the parking is a bit silly (with the parallel parking/sometimes lack of spaces/a bit of walking to get there), but it is totally worth the ridiculousness of said parking. The service is great, the food is wonderful, and the beer...is amazing. If you need recommendations, I'd recommend trying the 8th st chicken strips as well as (for beers) the hefeweizen and sunbru. So, come down to four peaks and deal with the parking there like a champ, you won't regret it. 

The only thing I'd keep in mind is that their happy hour is nonsensically busy, so if you're not too fond of parallel parking or walking, happy hour isn't the best time for you to go.
Stoutamisu. 

Espresso & Oatmeal Stout in a cake?!?! Genius!
Was in last night. Tried their Peach Ale for the first time, and enjoyed it thoroughly. Service was great, not too crowded. Ordered the gumbo soup, which was hearty and had a good taste. Plenty of sports to watch on tv, kudos to the bartenders.
This place makes me want to revisit Tempe! It's noisey, they have freshly brewed beer, great service, and the FOOD?!!! super good! They have these huge outdoor air coolers and something about the vibe in there is awesome...I was really impressed.
We love this place so much that we actually had them reserve the room upstairs of their North Scottsdale location to host our wedding shower in!!  Of course tons of southwest chicken rolls and hummus were served, along with the delicious beers they are so well-known for.

Being vegetarian, I appreciate that they have a nice selection of veggie stuff to choose from (cheese enchiladas, artichoke dip, blackbean burgers, nachos) and the service at the North Scottsdale one is just great.  We like the Tempe one, but usually find it a bit warm and a bit too far from us.

We always have super-fast service and perfectly prepared food, I just can't give this restaurant a better review!!
I went to the one off Frank Lloyd Wright blvd, Scottsdale. I heard Tempe location was the best bc of college atmosphere. Awesome flat screens at the bar and all around, service was friendly, curtious, and welcoming! They need to add more to their cider ale selection- only pear available. What abt Strongbow people- come on.  Food amazing and with plenty of specials offered. I had the enchiladas and I will have them again! Plenty to eat, with some left over.
Jamie, Vanessa, and Josh were super nice- great bartenders
This place is really as good as it gets!  All their food is good and their beer makes it the best brewery in metro Phoenix.  Try their seasonal beer selections or their beer sampler if its your 1st time visiting.  

My favorite part about this place is that you can get a 24 pack of bottled beers to go for only $24.  Now if only they allowed me to bring my dog...
400+ reviews. would this one  make any difference? great food, great service, excellent beer.
We met some friends for dinner here last Friday.  Let me start by saying that I'm from Chicago, where parallel parking skills are a must.  If you're looking fora spot that's easy to get into, plan on walking a few blocks!  

We arrived and were seated right away.  The atmosphere was nice, woody, with lots of paraphernalia hanging around to look at.  You can see the big whatchamacallits that they store beer in at the back of the room. Also, there are enough TV's to catch the game without it feeling like a sports bar.  

My friends and I are in our late 20's and early 30's, and we did have this weird feeling like we were outsiders.  After about 20 minutes, we realized that we were some of the oldest people in the room!  It wasn't a huge deal, especially since we were there while ASU classes are out for summer, but I'm sure if you went mid-semester, the place would be chalked to the gills with co-eds! 

Our server was cheerful, attentive, and checked on us enough without it being overbearingly often.  Food came fast and we never saw the bottoms of our glasses without already having another drink on the way.

We ordered the hummus and the soft pretzel for our apps, both were tasty.  I ordered the fish 'n chips with homemade tartar sauce for my entree.  The fish was good, but they should buy their tartar sauce, the homemade version wasn't great.  I, not being a tartar expert, can't tell you exactly what was wrong with it, but put it this way...they could have served me straight mayo and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.

Mi compadres ordered burgers and both enjoyed them very much.  I didn't try them, but I'll take their word for it.  

We didn't order desert, although the Oatmeal Stout tiramisu dish sounded amazing.  

Overall, a fun experience.  We brought home a growler to enjoy at home and will definitely go back again!
Four Peaks could be the perfect brew pub restaurant. The food and beer here are spectacular, unfortunately, the place is overrun by frat boys, plagued by iffy service, always crowded and loud, and features a nightmarish parking situation.

First off, the beer here is glorious. I'm a man who loves beer, but not just any old brew will do. Guinness is about as low-end as I'm willing to go, and I much prefer local micro-brews. Four Peaks meets my very high, some might say pretentious, standards. They offer a wide variety here, everything from blonde to black, with a fairly inexpensive sampler to try them all at once. For my money, I like the deliciously rich, slightly sweet, slightly smokey Oatmeal Stout, or the floral, aggressively hopped, moderately bitter Hop Knot. (I love the Kilt Lifter, but I don't order it because it's available in stores.) The Hop Knot is especially good when it's cask-conditioned, as it's a bitter mellower in flavor and allows the hoppy taste to really bloom. Their website lists which beers will be offered cask-conditioned during the coming week, and it's well worth planning your trip accordingly.

The food here is generally what you'd expect: burgers, sandwiches, salads, pizza, wings, and of course, fish and chips. Everything here has been very good; you really can't go wrong with any order. But the there are a few standouts. The fish and chips here is stellar, among the best I've ever had. Crispy, beer-battered, and made with real fish and served with damn good fries. The Bavarian pretzel appetizer is amazing too, especially if you're a fan of mustard (sorry, not served with cheese). And I had the current best-burger-of-my-life here about a year ago. It was a daily special that I haven't seen since, but still, their menu burgers are excellent. Fresh meat, well-spiced, huge, and nicely laden with toppings. The only one I don't recommend is the Popper burger, as I think the flavors don't mesh too well. But that could just be me.

So, the downside... Parking is horrendous. Literally, the worst parking situation for any place I know of. I've walked a quarter mile from my car to the restaurant. I'm not exaggerating, I used a pedometer on my phone. The only real parking options are along the street, on one side, and it's parallel parking in tiny spots. Also, service is very inconsistent. About half the time, we get a competent, but not amazing server. And the rest of  the time, we get ignored. It seems like if you aren't drinking beer, you get no attention from the wait staff. The place is always packed, always loud. There usually isn't a wait to get in. But, you'll be bumping elbows with the guy behind you, shouting to be heard at your own table, and doing some serious squeezing and weaving to get to the bathroom. It's a bit better sitting outside, but only a bit, and then you'll have to deal with the weather. On big game nights, the place is insane and best avoided.

There are a lot of hassles to deal with when you eat here, but the food and the brew make it worth it. In fact, if the food and beer were all the mattered, the place would earn an easy 5 stars. Of course, in nearly every other category, it would get 1 star.
This was my first time at Four Peaks Brewing! 

Having the bright tanks and the brewing equipment right where you sit and drink their beer, was a fantastic idea. It makes the space look much larger and if you are anything like me - I like to know how they make the brew, with this set up you can see it right before your eyes!

 I've recently made the AZ Peach my favorite summer time brew! It's so light and refreshing - you can taste the peach, but it's not overwhelming. If you don't believe me, Try it! You can most likely find it at one of your local restaurant and pubs. I frequent the Uncle Bears by our house they offer the tasty delight. AHH!!!

I haven't had much of the menu so I can't really say - but I really enjoyed the environment and I just can't believe I haven't been here before!!!

Don't wait! Check it out! I will update as soon as I have a proper meal, but their beer is so good, I expect the same!!

Until then Yelpers!
Still loving this place, nothing's changed there. I've become obsessed with their Hefewiezen, especially in the hot summer months. And still haven't touched a Kiltlifter in several years. And their menu has become one of my favorite bar menus in the entire Valley. Always delicious, quality eats that satisfy any hungry beer drinker.
In fact, I love their Hefewiezen and Carne Asada so much, that I served it at my wedding. Think I'm kidding? I am not. Well, actually, I couldn't get their Hefewiezen because they don't do small kegs, only college frat party size kegs and that would have been far too much beer. But we sure did serve that Carne Asada (they forgot the tortillas, dammit). and the guests raved about it all night. Nice work, Four Peaks!
This isn't a review, it's a love story.

Four Peaks and I have had the most amazing relationship over the past four years. We were first introduced back in 2007. It was the summer before my senior year of college and I was barely 21. It was not love at first sight. Oh, no no. I was new to the world of beer and it wasn't my beverage of choice (though a Peach Ale on a hot night was always delicious).

But this isn't a place you go to solely for the beer.  Good food was nothing new to me, and this is where Four Peaks really shines. My friends would get together and drink, and I would eat. And eat. And eat. Hummus, pizza, bruchetta (you have to get the shrimp and goat cheese!), burgers, fries. My heart flutters for their Salmon BLT.

And then I got into beer. This is when Four Peaks and I began our unstoppable love. I'm truly lucky to live close enough to stop by regularly, but far enough away to not become a fat alcoholic. All of the beers are perfect in their own way, my choice always depends on my mood and what I'm eating. And don't miss the cask conditioned selections! Always interesting.

The atmosphere completes the trifecta of awesomeness, with the indoor/outdoor feel and giant brewery equipment looming in the background. There is something for everyone at this perfect little local gem, and to this day I haven't found anyone who disagrees. I'm beginning to think Four Peaks isn't really a monogamous lover...
Oooooohh, I had a GOOD time here. It's a fun lively place for some good grub and more than a few beers. It's in a residential neighborhood in Tempe. I had calamri as an appetizer-the marinara is AWESOME has a little bit of a kick. This was followed by fish and chips:one of the best I've had in Arizona (I'm sadly resolved to the fact that I probably won't get good English-style fish and chips anywhere in The Valley, so this will do) There's nothing I can say about the beer that hasn't been said, but their summer seasonal was amazing and I could have stayed there all night putting many away. The only downside is the lack of parking. I had to park down a dead-end dirt road.Trying to turn my SUV around was like that scene in Austin Powers with the cart in Dr. Evil's lair. That notwithstanding, this is another not-so-hidden gem in The Valley
Stopped in to Four Peaks Brewing in Tempe AZ. last week for a couple of of pints and a quick nosh. If you have never been to Four Peaks you will be amazed by the ambiance. This is most certainly a brewery first & a gastro pub second. The brew tanks are exposed front & center as you walk in the front door. The only barrier between you & the brewery is a 4 foot wall and a mass of bar tables. The sounds you hear, the smell of milled grain in the air, and the brew masters walking around in their wellies tell you that you are truly in the thick of it! Its a really unique experience. 
Of course, my first priority at any brewery is the beer.  Four Peaks does not disappoint. I started with a British style pale called 8th Street Ale.  A great summer beer to say the least. Slightly bitter w/ a fruity characteristic and a clean finish.  The perfect start to an afternoon of day drinking. My beer adventure continued with a Hop Knot IPA, very much a west coast style India Pale Ale and my favorite of the day. 
OK, if I'm going to continue drinking, a bit of nosh is in order.  Calamari Please?  I ordered the calamari expecting little rings and tentacles.  What came out was simply amazing. Freshly battered 6 inch strips of beautiful squid. Absolutely the best I have ever had in AZ. So whats a guy to do with a plate full of seafood & an empty glass?  Order a beer of course! Next up was the Malt Liquor, no I'm not kidding, Four Peaks brews a malt liquor! How cool is that?  All I need is a brown bag around my pint glass & I'm a Slum Dog Millionaire! 
All in all a great experience.  The only drawbacks of note are the lack of parking & the temperature inside.  A little warm for my taste in the Arizona summer.  I did say however that this is a brewery first & pub second, so concessions must be made it you plan to visit.  The experience is well worth the drawbacks.
I could live off of their Spinach and Artichoke dip! A friend of mine once ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as her appetizer, then ordered it again as her meal! It's a must when you go here :) 

It is the food that brings me back here. I'm not crazy about the atmosphere, its always beyond packed with people and the wait is usually 45+ minutes. There's not much room to wait anywhere either. The staff is kinda. blah. They seem to just do the minimum to serve you and move on. But they are speedy with getting the food and drinks out, despite how busy it is, so it's all good :)

They have a great beer selection of course :) If I do get a beer I always like their Peach beer. Yum! 

Definitely a fun place to go with a group of friends :)
I love four peaks, the beer is great. The hop knot is the perfect blend of hops and citrus. It is refreshing great for any day in AZ. I am a bit of a french fry snob but their frys are good. Going to miss this places when we leave AZ!
Been coming to Four Peaks now for a few years and I have always had excellent service, Awesome food, and the beer is about some of the best microbrew in the state! definitely give the Hop Knot a try!
Best brewery in Arizona. Period. End of story. 

Great bar food, absolutely awesome beers. My favorites are the oatmeal stout (my winter time pick), SunBru (summer time), and Kiltlifter (year round), and hefeweizen (year round). On the food side, the chicken rolls are my favorite.

Don't miss out on this gem. Beer is supposed to have flavor! Put the beer flavored water down and get to Four Peaks!!
I will definitely be back for a review update.

I was just upset that their kitchen is currently under construction and there were only four things on their menu, all that I did not want. I mean I would not have been as upset, but I did call the night before and asked about whether they were opened and mentioned I was excited because driving from Flagstaff. Who I talked to did not even mention that the kitchen was under construction. Such a disappointment after a long drive and we really got our hopes up. 

The oatmeal stout however, was outstanding.
This place puts me in a grease and hops-induced stupor. All I can honestly say is that I prefer the Oatmeal Stout with a Reuben sandwich, but anything on their menu is fantastic.

Don't leave without trying the fries.
Never say never i know, but this place NEVER disappoints!! This place is the best place for great beer and great food. Always have been a fan and i'm finally writing a review, sorry! 

Just make sure you get there early and be prepared to wait for a table, its always packed on the weekends.

*SIDE NOTE-Make sure you show the server the amount and methods of payment before you hand back. We placed a twenty and debit card in check folder, but she lost the twenty between our table and the register and she charged us all on the card. Luckily she believed us when we mentioned the cash and corrected the bill.
Awesome place. Great food that's affordable. They brew a great selection of beers, you're sure to find at least one to suit your tastes. Spinach and artichoke dip is by far my favorite appetizer!
Being new to Arizona, I learned quickly that Four Peaks was the go-to brew in Phoenix. I only had a couple of cask-aged Hop Knots and a Southwestern chicken egg roll appetizer-thing, but the combination of flavors and skill with which it was prepared were enough to tell me to come back soon and often.

The crowd can be daunting on the weekends, and the street parking can incur a little bit of a walk, but it's just a testament to in such high regard Four Peaks is held in the area.
As good as everyone says in their review. Too warm and stuffy for me but otherwise awesome food and brew. My wife had the carne adovado and I had the fish. Fries are great too. We'll be back.
My favorite brewery in Tempe. The staff is totally friendly and knowledgeable. I love that atmosphere and how the inside and outside seating merge. Some of my favorite beers are the Sunbru and Arizona Peach, they are refreshing and crisp and perfect for Arizona. 

What is surprising about this brewery is their food is really excellent too. The Bavarian pretzels and spanakopita exceed the expectations for a bar by far. 

The only complaint I have manifested at my birthday gathering on the patio a few months ago. There were roaches EVERYWHERE, it was like nothing I have experienced, everyone had their feet on their chairs and conversation was regularly interrupted by someone screeching. I even felt a few crawl over my feet. Our server was none too concerned as she never acknowledged what was obviously the problem but I chalk that up to how busy the restaurant was, and the fact that they have to already be aware of their little friends. 

This is Tempe where everyone knows roaches are abundant and it was on the patio, far from inside seating and the kitchen so I am far from writing this place off but they may want to consider an exterminator.
Love it!!! Having taken a recent mini vacay with the bf to Arizona, we decided we wanted to try out the local breweries. We stumbled upon Four Peaks from the suggestion of our kayaking tour guide. He def made an excellent suggestion. The place is huge and is super accommodating for all of its patrons. We tried the Raj IPA and the PEach beer. Both were amazing, especially the Peach beer. It totally hit the spot on such a blazing hot day. Later, we shared the beer sampler, beer battered fries, and clam chowder. I know we're crazy for having clam chowder when its like 110 degrees outside and there's not AC inside, but it was really good. The beer battered fries were great. The serving is huge too and is perfect for sharing. I would totally come back here if I'm ever in Arizona again.
You cannot beat the atmosphere nor the fine beer at this place. OK, the food is not exactly 5 star, but what would you expect at a brewery? There are food choices that shine (e.g., the Salmon BLT sandwich). And they have a good kids menu. And did I mention the beer? The only complaint I have: they have not had a cask-conditioned beer on a couple of visits. OK, I'm definitely down in the weeds looking for negatives. Go enjoy yourself.
Stopped down to Four Peaks this last Monday with Justin From Brew Bros. to try The Barrel Aged Belgian Black aptly named Serious(Black). We got there just as they were tapping & were the very first to taste it!   
Let me say, wow, what brew.  Aged for 3 years in oak Barrels and absolutely worth the wait!  A medium bodied black Belgian style strong ale. Not to hot, beautifuly balanced and very flavorful. 
As usual service was good, food was exceptional and the place is alot of fun.  Its amazing how many friends I run into everytime I go.  A great place to just be.
I am a regular, best tasting beer and bar food in town. Period!

If you don't like the atmosphere, excellent, stay the hell out more room for me and my posse!

The 3 daily lunch & dinner specials range from interesting to outstanding. 
Find the place and figure out the rest of the details on your own.

That's all I got to say about that!
I don't always drink beer, but when I do, I prefer the Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter. Mmmm, I can't wait for it to be fall again...

That aside, being not much of a beer drinker, I can't help but think the rest of Four Peaks is good, but not exceptional. It's earned its place in my regular rotation of convenient and fun -- but not exceptional -- places to eat out with friends.

If you're in Phoenix and haven't been, it's worth a visit.
Still my favorite brewery/pub. They have some of my favorite beers in the world and some of the best food in the state. 8th street is an awesome standby, but Hop Knot is my favorite. They make some amazing seasonal beers. 

Be forewarned, it's locals only during the summer. There is no AC in the place, but only fans. It's actually my favorite time to go. Less college kids and more of the beer drinkers.

Get on their newsletter! Always check the specials, THEY WILL BLOW YOUR MIND!
If I could give it a no star I would.  Who wants to sweat while you eat.  I don't care what the food and beer is like.  Turn on the AC ! It's 110 out!
I'l make this concise. Great beer. Good atmosphere. Good service. Decent location, although the parking situation can be challenging. The food is good (it used to be great). 
I remember when Four Peaks had the brew tanks inside the actual restaurant and they had a service where you could make your own beer inside the brewery, they even helped you bottle it and make a label. All that is gone as they have grown in popularity. 
The wings used to be some of the best ever: grilled, not fried. Now, they are just fried but still good (not great). For bar food, this is still a really good place to eat. 
The place is clean as well (one of my big pet peeves). From what I am able to observe at the Scottsdale location, they have taken the high cleaning standards required for the brewery and kept them in place for the bar/restaurant. 
This location will get busy during happy hour, on game day, or anytime after 5pm. Be prepared to stand and bump shoulders with beer in hand until a seat opens up. 
The crowd is an eclectic mix of post college grad's, professional's, and nine to fivers just getting off work. However, that changes during the winter months when more touristas are in town and the resorts filter their customers into the restaurant.
A great place for a beer after a round of golf or shopping at Home Depot.
I came here twice this past week while on a business trip. No AC but the outdoor seating has misting to help cool you down. I tried both the Oatmeal Stout & Kilt Lifter brews. I found both to be pretty middle-of-the-road. Not bad but not as good as many of the Vermont microbrews I'm used to. The food was standard pub fare. A couple of TVs compliment the inside & the bar is pretty friendly. Parking is odd and the lack of AC was curious as well.
During the school year I avoid this Four Peaks like the goddamn plague! This place is just packed constantly! However I do love a nice summer drinking session on the patio here when all the college kiddos are away and it's just a little less insane. I've eaten here once and yes the food was really really good, but I gotta be honest, I come here to drink beer. And lots of it! Four Peaks Brewery has grown in popularity at an alarmingly rapid rate, and their beers really back up that big game they talk! They offer all the typicals: Hefe's, IPA's, Pale Ales, Stouts, etc.... but they add their own spin to each one. The Hopulent IPA has a crisp hoppy finish to it that is just divine! The Kiltlifter is by far my favorite of Four Peak's selection, as it reminds me of my favorite beer from back East, and it's now offered in cans making it an excellent choice for your next poolside beverage!

Because it is technically a restaurant, there is no smoking on the patio.... UNTIL 10PM. The nightly ritual involves all the smokers getting one ready a minute before 10, then lighting up as soon as the ash tray hits the table (sometimes before...). It gives everyone a sense of unity... and a good laugh!
Kilt lifter, 8th street, Peach ale, really any beer they serve is amazing. Food is very good/great!
I LOVE Four Peaks!!  I went there with some friends a little hesitant only because it is known for it's beer but I am NO beer fan!!!  We went on a Friday around 8p, It was crowded but we had no problems finding seating at the bar.  I told the bartender I didn't like beer but I was willing to have one and surprise me.  And he did!!! It was delicious!  He served me Hefeweizen with a splash of their Raspberry beer, something he came up with for people that don't prefer beer. Not only was their beer great, their food was very appetizing as well!  I had the French Dip.....Amazing! Like a party in your mouth!
This just might be the best restaurant in Arizona. Seriously.
Went with a big group of people from work and I must say, this is a cool place...I love their oatmeal stout but decided to go with the hefeweizen.  The waitress was accommodating to splitting all of our checks up for us which was nice.  I didn't go crazy with what I ordered and just had a craving for wings, but for an appetizer sized portion it was great...lot of carrots and celery to go with!  It would be a little more enjoyable in the cooler months, but all it all, I'll be back soon.
the breakfast burger and a bloody mary are the best sunday brunch you'll ever have!
This is a great place to meet friends and have a beer and a bite to eat.  Good wings and nice beer selection.  My only complaint is how hard it is to find parking.
Great selection of beers, something for everyone. My favorite is the Kilt Lifter. Beautiful patio area and inside you feel like you are part of the brewery. At times you can see them crafting the fine beers. Four Peaks also offers great food too.
A bit unfair to all the other microbrews in town, but obviously Peaks has been a staple in the Tempe area for decades for good reason. All the beer is brewed on site which means everything is fresh -- they actually use the same water they serve at the tables in the brewing process, to give you an idea how pure the finished product is. 

No matter if you're there to eat or knock a few back Peaks is a must. You can't go wrong with virtually anything on the menu but anyone happening upon Peaks for the first time should absolutely order an entree or side of the fries, an undisputed favorite. I usually go with anything involving blackened chicken, be it salad or nachos.

The sampler trey is offered at a reasonable price and provides about 4 oz servings of each of the beers listed on the big board. If you're looking for something lighter I would suggest the Sunbru or Peach -- my personal favorite is doing a half & half of Oatmeal Stout with Peach. Get inventive.

The staff is used to working with a lot of traffic so I've never had bad service there -- these guys really know their stuff!
Great Beer, pretty good food.. The spinach artichoke dip is fantastic.  You cant go wrong with one of their burgers.  Only complaint would be that the parking is hard sometimes and its always crowded.
Love the Beers!
Happy hour might be the best time to go there on a weekend. My husband and I went on a Friday evening at 5, and it was pretty full. IT IS EXCITING  to go to a place in Phx/tempe which ha a lot of people and ha awesome food. 

I wish that there were some starters which were half off during the happy hour but never mind we loved the Chicken Rolls,......so awesomely rich and tasty. Burger is great too!
Definitely gonna go back but still wish that food was cheaper during the Happy hour to meet people more happy.
Some of the best beers that I have tasted & food that you would NOT expect from a brewery. It is more of a gastro-brewery.
I get to Tempe about twice a year for work and every visit I make sure to stop in Four Peaks for some tasty brews.  This is also a great place to watch sports as they have lots of screens that give a good view just about everywhere you sit but outside on the patio.  They have good bar food and there always seems to be a fun crowd having a good time here.  I attempted to walk here once from my hotel but it is WAY too hot in Arizona for that during the middle of the day and I soon discovered that there is a free shuttle that runs by here on a regular basis.  Parking seems to be a bit of a problem so if you can handle the wait of the shuttle that might be the best way to travel.
Without a doubt my favorite brewery in America (and I've been to quite a few).  I started going here in the late 90s when it opened, and go whenever I'm back in town.  The beer is fantastic as is the food.  I highly recommend the beer bread!  The Tempe location is far superior to the North Scottsdale locale IMO mostly because of the ambiance and the fact that the Tempe locale is actually the brewery.  Every Fall they make a special Pumpkin Porter which is typically very good, although there have been a few years where it feels like they phoned it in.  The only negatives for me is the parking and at times there can be quite a wait.
Four Peaks is a must-stop place in the valley. Their beer is great and it doesn't get any better than when you get it at the source!

Their kitchen, however, has gone downhill in the last year or two. Their food used to be simply amazing, which when combined with their best-in-breed beers, made for a great night out! They remodeled their kitchen a little while back and their food seems to have lost some of its flair. It's still good, mind you, but it's not what it used to be. 

That said, I still recommend this place to anyone, and still bring my out-of-town friends here all the time, but I don't enjoy it nearly as much as I did before.
AMAZING food and I'm a vegetarian!  Their pizza, appetizers, and sandwiches are great.  Good brews too!

My only complaint is that it is REALLY loud and pretty pricey.  

I tried to go there for a late lunch (around 2 or 3pm) with a friend one day and they wouldn't let her in since she wasn't 21.  I thought that turning away business at that time of day was kind of strange.
We come here a LOT. The wait is never too long (though if it was it'd still be worth it). The food is great. The service is fast. And the beer is GOOD.

I love the Peach Ale. Kilt Lifter is obviously a staple. 

Being a vegetarian often relegates you to the fried, unhealthy food, but not here! SOOO many vegetarian options! These are my favorites so far: Nacho plate (HUGE portion, and mighty tasty), the Mediterranean pizza sub sundried tomatoes for the chicken, AND drum roll please...beer fries (we get these EVERY time, and yes ok they are fried...)!!! 

The salads are good, the vegetarian burger was ok (a little soggy). I have yet to try the desserts but oh do they tempt me! I see you tiramisu with oatmeal stout!
Absolutely the best brewery in Arizona. The beer selection is superb. 8th street ale is amazing-- along with the blonde beer. 

Burgers, chicken tenders, and beer bread sandwiches are top notch. 

The atmosphere is always lively here-- during the cooler months, the patio is perfect!
Good Burger, and Great Service.
The Arizona Peach Ale is my favorite!
Made it a point to make it out to Four Peaks Brewing company while visiting family in Chandler. We went to the Tempe location for lunch, and a beer flight. 

The place appears to be a large converted warehouse, almost looks like an old airport hangar in some spots to be honest, but that's just on the inside. The front, or outside patio has a what I would descrbie as an old Mission, Santa Fe, or New Mexico style facade, with some local desert plants, and about a dozen or so tables with chairs. We actually sat off from the main bar, in smaller section with several flatscreen T.V.'s. 

You can clearly see the brewing facility, mash tun, fermenters, etc. They have some swag for sale, growler bags, T-shirts, etc. as well near the restrooms. 

The food was pretty good, better than your typical brewpub too. (Reminded me of a BJ's backhome, but not how they are now, more what they USE to be 5-10 years ago) I ordered the Hopsquatch Barley wine, and my wife had a flight of about 8 of their standard taps, with a seasonal or two thrown in. 

None of their beers or food blew me away, but so far, AZ is not exactly a Beer mecca state either, so given that context, do yourself a favor, and check out a local spot. Since, imho, it's a great spot for lunch or dinner on occasion, decent to solid beers, and a great spot to go back to the next time I'm in town.
Beer here is great, no surprise. Food is OK to So-So. Parking sucks!

I had the daily "special" - rib-eye sandwich. 5/10 rating. It was too fatty/gristle. I know rib-eye is not a lean cut but I should not need to spit out chunks of gristle and fat. 

Flavor was fine, maybe a bit too much smoke flavor, but the portion size ,for the price, as too small.

Next time I'll stick to the burger.
Not to mention about the beer. It is great. 
Food? no more than your expectations. just average.
but the thing is the place was too noisy and crowded. 

Despite all the flaws, if you hit the Tempe, why not?!
I always love heading over to Four Peaks. It can be a bit of a wait and in the summer it sucks that they only have a swamp cooler, but all in all great atmosphere and great food. Try the pork adovada, it's my favorite. And you can never go wrong with their fries, omg to die for.
My wife and I visited for the first time on a Saturday afternoon and we were VERY happy. I had a Popper Burger and my wife had the Grilled Chicken Beer Bread. We were both impressed with how fresh the meat and other ingredients were. We are not drinkers but we do try an occasional beer and had the Arizona Peach Ale and again, we were very pleased. We have tried a Kilt lifter before and that was equally good. Loved the atmosphere, service was great and very friendly. We will definitely be back and we will be bringing friends!
Parking does suck as well as service sometimes on a busy night, especially during the ASU school year. But, over the years this is still a great place to get a great beer with some food and just hang out. And yes, service is great too. I try not to come during peak hours so I can really sit and enjoy the patio during the fall/winter. Oh, and did I mention the amazing ice cream cake option for dessert. Yessir.
Popper Burger gets five stars!!!! 
Jalapenos and sour cream on a burger, no need to say more!!
Four peaks is awesome! The beer is great (it even comes in 10oz glasses) and the french fries are incredible! The rest of the food is decent, nothing amazing. I personally dislike sitting inside as the acoustics are terrible, but no matter where you sit the service will just be meh!
Great food!! Got our appetizer after our entrees came...so that sucked...and the waitress was not helpful at all with drink suggestions...but the food was really good!!
During a business trip we were looking for a great place to eat and Yelp led us to Four Peaks Brewing Company. Based on the 500+ reviews we knew it had to be good. 

We started out getting the Arizona Chicken Rolls and they are a must. The sauce they serve with it is absolutely ridiculous. I am going to have to see if I can make these Arizona Chicken Rolls and sauce on my own. 

After I had the BBQ Chicken Pizza which was a thinner crust type. Reminds of of how CPK is. All the ingredients are fresh and the tastes was great. For a place with a really large menu they nailed it pretty good.

I was not able to try out any of the house drinks but my coworker would not stop raving about the Kilt Lifter Ale. He says it's a must. 

I would have given this place 5 out of 5 however the staff was only okay. They could have been more responsive. We had to ask for drinks a few times over. 

We liked the place so much we came back 2 days later.

I give this place 4 out of 5 starts and would recommend this.
This is a tough review for me. I saw all the great reviews and decided to take my 90 year old parents to lunch as we were traveling through Phoenix.

The place is great. Just what we were looking for. Busy on a Monday for a late lunch, so, it's gotta be great!! Well...

We sat outside on a beautiful Arizona day. Star#1

The server was great......star number 2

My folks loved the fish and chips....my wife loved the habeneros  chicken  salad.... My turkey club, to me, had no taste. My fries came cold, so, I sent them back and got fresh ones.....right away.

Everyone loved the beer...except me, so, it might have been an off day for me instead of the restaurant!

Don't be Afraid to try I....I'll be going back. It was so close.....and the waitress was so wonderful, they get another try!!
The three stars are all for the beer.  I have had my share of four peaks beer and have always liked it, so had high expectations last night when I visited the actual Four Peaks Brewery for the first time.  My first stop was the seasonal beer, the Pumpkin Porter.  It was the perfect beer to kick off the fall season with.
Trouble came a little further down the line when I got my burger, which I ordered medium, and it was completely well done.  I got fries with it, which were average.  
I don't like to hate on servers because I am in the food industry, but our server seemed like she was having a really shitty night or something, which happens to everybody, I know, but part of your job as a server is to pretend you don't hate being a server.  
To sum it all up, I'd go back to Four Peaks for beer.  And maybe a plate of nachos or something, but I found the food to be overwhelmingly average.  Maybe my expecations were too high.  I'll probably just take a growler to go.
I love this place! Their beer battered fries are amazing and so is their cobb salad. I've tried several of their appetizers like the bruschetta and it's all been great. Oh, and of course the beer is good... Sunbrew is my favorite. The service is also excellent.
I have seen this place grow over the years.  Great place.  People who work here are not only knowledgeable, but actually care about the product.

This is an old milk distro center.  Misters if you sit outside.  Bonus.
Awesome beer plus good food which is a rare combo. Very cool atmosphere to eat with a variety of venues. Gets crowded fast so get there early. Great for group dinners
I may make a few enemies in writing this review, and I may even get kicked out of Tempe completely, but seriously, Four Peaks is not the love of my life. Granted, I don't care for beer, so this is more or less a review of the food, atmosphere, and non-beer-like drinks. I have been here a few times with the husband (he loves it here) and I just don't get the hype. The food is bar food. Straight up bar food. I like the outdoor seating much better than indoor. Inside the place feels a little dreary, much like many bars I have encountered. The servers are friendly enough, although sometimes the service is a little slow. I get something different to eat every time, which if you know me, is not a good thing. When I like something, I get it every visit, but here, I am just searching for something - anything - that I like enough to order next time. Sigh. I know I'll be back, and I can't say I dread coming here - I usually have fun. I just feel like there are many places I'd rather spend my money on.
This restaurant is a three minutes walk from where I live, and I am so glad. The service is always great, the managers are friendly, and the food and atmosphere are perfect for a store to be your go-to. I like how it's not just your normal neighborhood sit down - it has variety! It has dishes inspired by countries all over the world. 
Overall, a good place to go to.
Good food and delicious beer.... what's more to say! I will come again during my next stay in the area.
Four Peaks is ALWAYS amazing. Not only is the beer the best brew here or anywhere (maybe a close competition with Stone in San Diego), but the food is always out of this world. We always have trouble picking from the menu because we are never disappointed with anything. The Arizona Rolls are the bomb, and their calamari is the best I've ever had. We had a special the other day, a queso panela BLTA and it was the best sandwich I ever had, with a side of chicken coconut curry soup. For beers, the HopKnot and the Raj IPA are favorites, and they have the only Hefe I'll drink. The service has ALWAYS been top notch. I was asked the other day if there was one restaurant I could eat at for the rest of my life and it was Four Peaks!
What a happening place on a Tuesday night!!!!  We had 10 of us show up after work.  Ok, parking SUCKED!  I parked like 1/4 mile away...

But when you get finally walk there it is busy but tons of places to sit inside and outside.  Our server was the bomb.  She was on top of the drinks.  All our food came out right and tasted GREAT!  

I ordered the French Dip.  The bread, beef, and melting cheese was good and the Au Jus sauce has flavor...  The beer batter fries was just ok.  There are a lot of other items on the menu that looks great too.  I can't wait to come back and try it.
Great place to go for great beer and amazing food. It is really hard to have a group larger then 6 to get a table together sense they really don't allow reservations.
1st off there are great breweries in Arizona, a place where if I didn't live I would of never guessed, 4 peaks is one of them.  I fell in love with 4 peaks back when I lived in Tempe and began my 10 year college career (I took my time :) / :( ).  My roommates and I heard the beer was delicious and they had a bunch of different kinds to try on happy hour, some beers with higher alcohol content which is really what got me interested.  The RAJ IPA was amazing and is one of my favorite beers there but after a few times of getting drunk faster than everyone else and going home early ( or falling asleep in, on, under or around tables)  I decided to branch out and try the other beers.  Being brewed here in AZ they are all superb, fresh and delicious, the food here is also good, not amazing its not gourmet by any means but its a little "different" than typical bar food (wings and sandwiches), think Zipps.  For example Four Peaks has beer bread, Zipps has focaccias which isn't like focaccia at all but its good and different, there's nothing like it anywhere else than these 2 restaurants, you will have to see it or try it to really understand.  Either way if you feel like beer, good beer look no where else, unless your in Flagstaff then you have to go to Beaver Street Brewery which is also an excellent brewery in AZ.
great food! great beer!!!
4.5 stars.

Four Peaks is everything a Brewery and Restaurant should be!

I came here for a late lunch before the ASU football game this past saturday. Yes, the place was packed, but we were luckily seated within ten minutes.

As far as beer goes, this place can do no wrong. Everything I sampled was very well balanced and had a great flavor. I highly recommend the pumpkin porter for a unique beer that is very fitting for the Fall season. Both IPA's are also top notch.

We were rather hungry so we started with the nachos and the chicken rolls.

The rolls were extremely rich and had great flavor. The jalapeno dressing gave the dish a nice spice. Be careful to not fill up on these because they are rather large and quite filling, but DAMN good.

The nachos were huge! Chips, cheese, beans, tomato and jalapenos. The chips were extra cheesy and everything worked well. Needed avocado though..

For my entree I decided on the southwest burger. The burger consisted of 1/2 pound beef patty cooked to a perfect medium rare. The usual lettuce and tomato. A green chili with that same sweet jalapeno dressing I had with my rolls. I also added my friends chipotle ranch which went beautifully with the rest of the accompaniments.

 Overall the burger was pretty darn good. Granted it wasn't the best burger I have ever had or a taste revelation, but pretty great for bar food.

Overall I was very pleased with four peaks. My friends hyped up the place like crazy and I was not disappointed. The food was certainly a step above regular bar food, but not quite as unique or adventurous as some of the gastropubs I have sampled in California in Chicago. If you are in the mood for even just a beer or some delicious and unique bar food, do not hesitate one bit to check this place out.
I was brought here by a couple of coworkers a few months back.  We split some fries and had some peach ale.  One co worker went on and on about their mac-n-cheese, so I have wanted to go back.]

One lazy Sunday I thought taking my husband to watch some football would be fun as he had never been and I had been dying to see what they have to offer.

You'd think taking a guy to a bar to watch sports would be easy, but the guy complained they whole way there.

It was busy, parking was a pain, which I'm told it always is, but we were sat right away.  

We ordered a peach ale and a hob knot ( I love you hob knot)  and his mood began to change.

Then we perused the menu.  Holy delicious options!  We decided to choose two delicious sounding dishes and share.

We decided on the Popper burger, so so so good, and one of their breakfast specials, the name of which escapes me, but consisted of beans and eggs and beef and tortillas and was gooey and delicious.

The atmosphere was fun and upbeat.  The service was great! 

In the end my husband is lucky I am such an awesome wife and we are all lucky four peaks is such and awesome Arizona brewery.
Great local gem of Tempe. This place is welcoming to all. I always have a good time relaxing at the bar with a Peach Ale. I like that they brew seasonal beers like the Pumpkin Porter also. The food is good, not the healthiest spot around, but good bar food. This location gets pretty busy, but the staff is able to handle it.
This, by far, is one of my favorite places in the Valley. The beer is amazing, the food is fantastic and the service is stellar. Hell, I'd move in if they'd let me!
An old favorite.  Great burgers and great beer, it's hard to go wrong.
I have been a fan of Four Peaks for several years.  Before I became a beer drinker, I would come with friends and have their peach ale.  It was perfect in the summertime and perfect for that person who doesn't really like beer.  As I've grown up and my taste for beer has matured, I've really come to like almost all of their beers.  My favorite is the pumkin porter.  My heart crys a little tear when I remember that I can only get it once a year.  I have to remember to stock up, next time.

I do enjoy their food and the french fries are bomb.  I have recently had their hummus and its pretty delicious, too.

The best time to visit is during the day time, beat the dinner rush.
Having just moved to Scottsdale, I had seen Four Peaks brews at local restaurants and couldn't wait to try it. My bf and I visited the brewery after a long day at the Phoenix Zoo. The location was easy to find with plenty of street parking (although it could be difficult during peak hours). We found a nice table on the half-indoor seating area. The ambiance was very cool, with a converted loft warehouse sort of feel.

The bf had the beer sampler, which I helped myself to some sips of. I ordered a pint of the Kilt Lifter, which was a great deal during happy hour. Next, I tried the Pumpkin Porter (full price, even during happy hour). Foodwise, I had the pub fish and chips, which are battered in Kilt Lifter, and the bf had the french dip. Both items were on par with good quality pub fare.

Kilt Lifter: great medium brew, very smooth. The type of beer you could drink every day and never tire of. Pumpkin Porter: we loved it so much, we purchased a growler so we could take some home! Note: there is an extra charge for filling up a growler with a seasonal brew. $4 for the growler itself, $10 for beer, and $5 seasonal charge. Normal refills of growlers are $10.

I am a beer lover. I have spent time living in Munich and drinking some of the best beers in the world. You can't go wrong with Four Peaks brews. Next stop, North Scottsdale location. Closer to home and hopefully just as great!
Love the food, beer, and atmosphere.  They didnt get the 5th star because they are a brewery and have ONE urinal for the guys!  Seriously?!?!?!  Fail!
Ahhhhhhh Four Peaks...One of the hot spots in Tempe.

For me, Four Peaks is good, not great. I've had some good food there, I've had some mediocre food there. Their fries are great...It's bar food, really. There's nothing that sets Four Peaks apart from a culinary standpoint, but most people seem to fall head over heels for the beer.

Here's my thing: I'm from Portland, Oregon. For anyone that doesn't know, it's an incredible place for microbreweries and amazing beer. In the state of Oregon there are dozens of independent breweries and hundreds of incredible local beer choices...

(I realize at this point you're all thinking - "Hey, asshole. Stop talking about Portland. This is a review about Four Peaks" - I'm getting to my point, I promise)

Upon my arrival in the Phoenix area, I kept hearing about how great the beer was at Four Peaks. Living close by, I checked out Four Peaks early on, and have been back a number of times since. I've tried a lot of their beers, and they just don't do it for me. I like the Kilt Lifter, and that's the end...The rest of their beers I am just not into. Specifically the Hef...It's the worst Hef I've ever had in my life. Forgive me, I'm a beer snob who likes what he likes, and most of the beers at Four Peaks are not my thing. With that said, everyone else seems to be in love with them, so maybe I'm the crazy one.

The other thing that sucks about Four Peaks is the wait. During peak times, you're waiting anywhere from 30-60 minutes for a table.

Positives is the size of the restaurant (it's huge), and the ambiance. It's a cool place to hang out and watch a game, and it's a good place to grab a quick bite when the wait isn't too long. I'm sure I'll come back to Four Peaks, but it won't be for the beer.
Always good beer and good food. Well let me say the food is not super fantastic but it's better than a lot of brewery food out there. Spinach dip is good, nachos are always a staple, burgers could use a re-do. Salads are pretty good, pizza is mediocre. Wings are not half bad!! Sauce is pretty fiery! Nice!! Not a wussy sauce here! But I do love this place and the patio. Beers you can't go wrong with. Very flavorful good beers. All I ask is just a bit more quality in the food. Thats all thats wrong IMO or not really wrong but something they could improve on.
I've been racking my brain to think of anything negative to say about Four Peaks Brewery.  My girlfriend and I hit this place up on our way out of town.  They have a bunch of their own beers and I honestly wish I had more time to try them all.  We had the peach ale which was absolutely fantastic.  We also had chicken fingers that were chicken thigh strips that they battered in their own been.  The fries were crazy good too.  We had the artichoke dip to start off and it was a meal in itself.  The service was great, pretty much all AZ State girls, so yeah.

I highly recommend Four Peaks and look forward to going back to this place next time I am around Tempe.
Really good burgers and the Oak Stout beer is really smooth and tasty. The outdoor seating was nice and the inside was really big, a little loud but a good atmosphere with cute waitresses...
Always a good choice.
Had to update because we've now tried the pizza! For all the times we have visited we've never tried a pizza (too many other really good options to choose I guess...)

We ordered the Italian Classic (veggies & meat). We ordered it a little well done/crispy and were not disappointed! It was hot, fresh and cooked perfectly! 

Service was great as usual even though they were completely SLAMMED with customers the day before Thanksgiving filing numerous growlers of their pumpkin beer which sold out in less than record time!

We were there again last weekend for the football games and made it in time to order our favorite breakfast items - eggs benedict and the braised pork dish with beans, potatoes, two eggs and fresh warm tortillas.  It was fantastic! This dish, just like many others (possibly ALL others) is plenty for 2 to share. 

Service was exceptional and the crowd fun and rowdy rooting for their teams and AZ won - so there were a lot of happy customers that day!
I picked Four Peaks because this was a 1st date and he had told me that he liked microbreweries. I had never been to Four Peaks but surveyed some of my male friends and found this was the place to go. 

So we went Sunday around 12pm, and when we got their the football games were playing and come to find out Four Peaks is home to the Vikings. We sat inside, it was both of ours 1st time there. It was a nice crowd, and at one table every time the Vikings scored they would blow their Viking Horn, thought it was kinda cool.  I love places were fans can come together and watch their team play and share the wins or loses of their team!

My date ordered the sampler,which had all their beers but in 4 oz glasses and their winterwobbler (seasaonal beer), Im not really a beer drinker but my date was in enjoying himself! He said it was a great place for him, I think I did good picking it, haha

So we ordered the wings with spicy thai peanut sauce and beer bread, the wings were so dang good, it packed the right amount of heat! The beer bread, omg that was soft and so good, you don't need any butter to put on it, it was perfect without!  I ordered the Popper Burger, which was a hamburger with lettuce and tomatoes, onion strings, fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese, came with fries. Let me tell you. The burger made my eyes water and lips burn, it was perfect! The combo of the fresh steamed jalapenos and cream cheese was so perfect, it's like they were meant for each other and that the hamburger patty was their guest star in their perfect duo,  so dang delish!  

When we were close to being finished the manager Trevor came over and was talking to us, we shared that this was our 1st time there, my date shared more info with him about the beers and other beer related stuff, but my focus was on Trevor. Ladies Trevor is great eye candy! Beautiful eyes I tell ya!  Anyways our waitress brought us our check and come to find out Trevor paid for the sampler of beer! How kick ass was that!  

Glad to have found Four Peaks, I will be back!
Disappointed:( Could of been better, because when food was brought out, the presentation was very nice..... The nachos seriously needed to be season and the same for the calamari!! The calamari was very meaty and they serve you a lot, but no seasoning, not even a dab of salt!! The beer according to my mom was *fabulous* Too bad, because the price is reasonable
The Good:
1. Best bar food by far with excellent choices and large portions.
2. Great atmosphere with friendly, helpful and knowledgeable employees.
3. Beer is brewed onsite.
4. Beer is excellent and mixed drinks are stiff.
5. Prices are very reasonable.

The Bad:
1. It gets VERY crowded here. (Can't blame em')
2. It can be difficult at times to find parking.
3. Only house brews served here. No Bud, Coors, etc.
Good news.....this place is down the street from my new office.  Bad news....this place is down the street from my new office.  Good food, great drinks, great value.  They will be seeing me have alot of "buisness meetings".............
Awesome Bar food..best I've ever had..u must try the Popper Burger..it has cream cheese and crispy breaded onions..ask for the jalapeno sauce..its bomb.  They have great beer..favorites are their hefe, kiltlifter & ipa
Four Peaks has been a great place to go eat and drink for many years now. Easily the best bar food menu around. Excellent bread and appetizers, very well done southwestern fare and amazing specials (I still haven't had one of their specials as they are usually pricey, they look amazing though!). 

They have a great beer selection, as long as you are not looking for bud/miller/coors. Its all Four Peaks beer on the menu, makes for a nice change and a great taster! At the beginning of every month you can get the Hopsquatch, their barrel aged Barleywine, it doesn't last far beyond the beginning of the month. Seasonally they have a number of brews that are super-tasty (Pumpkin Porter, Peche...et al). You can also get growlers of their beers to take home and fill when you are there.

I finally did brunch here, it is awesome. They do brunch better than most places that specialize in it! The breakfast croissant should be a regular menu item (OK that's one special I have had).
Had guests from out of state so we visited Four Peaks for lunch on Saturday. None of us were disappointed. I could become a regular here!
Amazing beer selection!
I know lots of people go to Four Peaks for their brews, and
they are great. But every meal I've had there has been super
tasty too.

I often have the daily specials, cause they usually sound so
good.

The Sweet Jalapeno dressing on the spinach salad is fantastic!

Sitting on the patio is awesome and even sitting just inside the 
huge garage door is great because it's so open and bright you 
feel like you're outside.

If you can get there in October, the Pumpkin Porter is a really
good seasonal brew.

So yeah, they can get busy, sometimes you gotta wait and the parking 
can be a pain.  That's what happens when you've got a cool place
with tasty brews and good food...
This is simply the greatest micro brew beer and food you will find in Phoenix.  Period.
This place is awesome!! I go here often with friends and always have a good time. The food is pretty good but the beer is why you go. My favorites are the oatmeal stout, peach ale and kiltlifter. The pumpkin porter is also good but only a seasonal flavor. This place is pretty busy at night but is a fun atmosphere to be with friends, drink and watch a ballgame. I would recommend the Tempe location far beyond the Scottsdale one as far as atmosphere and actually seeing the brewery itself.

Never been disappointed here and will continue coming back!!
Dined at Four Peaks Brewing Co. for the first time last night and let me tell you, it was delicious. The place was pretty busy for a wednesday night but from what I understand thats pretty normal for them. And after my experience I understand why. As soon as we were greeted we were taken to a table inside right next to all the brewers. Cool! I love the art that goes into brewing beers and I think those large silver shining beauties are amazing. 

Our server was great. Friendly, assertive, punctual and not creepy. My man ordered the Hop Knot and I ordered the 8th Street. We barely made happy hour by the skin of our teeth. I love restaurants who give you happy hour prices on your drink even if you ordered them at 5:58pm when HH ends at 6pm. Believe it or not, some places out there would ignore your table for two minutes just to avoid the HH. So lame. This scored huge points in my book. For food, we ordered the edamame for our appetizer and the Veggie Pesto Pizza for dinner. 

The Edamame was super fresh. If you've ever had bad or even mediocre edamame, you get it. Its disgusting. I wasn't expecting anything phenomenal but was genuinely happy when I actually wanted to keep eating more of it. The pizza had buttloads of flavor! Artichoke hearts, olives, mushrooms, tomato's, mozarella and feta cheese and pesto. Mmmm. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it and didn't hate myself for eating it after. 

All in all it was a fun time and I really enjoyed the 8th Street beer!
OK, I'll keep this short since there are so many reviews on this place. I'm not sure what else I can say about it. I'm an ASU alum and have spent many a night in here. The beer is great. the sandwiches are to die for (yes, that's an overstatement). The atmosphere is always festive and it's just pricey enough to keep most of the unwanted college riff raff out. 

The Bad: Stay away from the hummus - yuk - tasted like a chili dog last time I had it. They constantly mess with the pasta salad. Last time I was there they used balsamic vinegar in it, which didn't taste bad, but it's grey. Grey!? What kind of food is grey? It's just hard to look at. Sometimes the staff and some patrons get a bit of an attitude, but it's a college bar. That's to be expected.
I LOVE this place. Never a bad experience!
The food is great, I haven't had everything, as I do not like spicy foods.  Everything from the fish&chips to the spinich salad to the french dip always great and very consistent. The water is the best in town, which is rare.
The patio is always full, you will have to wait for a table out there, but it's worth it.  
This is a first rate place!
I've been planning to come here for a while, and I finally made it down here.

Beer - 5 stars, come on, it's a brewery...they know what they're doing

Burger - 3 stars, it was reasonably tasty but I ordered medium well and it came out medium-medium rare in the middle.  I tend to be paranoid about ground beef being undercooked.

Service - 4 stars, she was missing for a while sometimes but she did a pretty good job.

Would I come back here again?  Absolutely!  But mostly for the beer and conversation, the food has yet to wow me but I'll try a sandwich next time as everyone seems to be swearing by them.
I love Four peaks! The Raj IPA is definitely the best beer however, the first time you go you have to get the sampler. It gets very crowded at night especially on weekends or for sports games. It's definitely a fun place to go with friends for something a little more upscale than a neighborhood dive. I love the ambiance and how they have the huge beer - making things in the place. The food is delicious as well. I've had the chicken fingers and I had one of the burgers (with mush/onions I think). They were both amazing. I like to sit at the bar if possible.
YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM! 

The beer is handcrafted right in the back of the restaurant. Out of this world! You can almost taste the hard work the brew masters put into their beer. It's as if they personally hand picked each hop precisely to go into their beers. This is the Ferrari of beers at a Honda price.  About 8 or so different beers year round with one seasonal rotation.

Enough about the beers, onto the food. Most brewery's have either good beer or good food. This place has both. Or should I say amazing beer and amazing food. I ended up ordering the nachos for a starter. Hands down one of the best plates of nachos i have ever head, and I consider myself a bit of a nacho connoisseur. The nachos are smothered in chicken and cheese. Then they bring you another plate with a dish of tantalizing jalapeno black beans and all the other nacho toppings you can imagine. Also ended up getting the BBQ pizza, enchiladas, and a slow roasted/smoked pork dish. 

Bring your friends here, a first date, your parents, your boss, your siblings, or just about anyone else you would like to impress.

Keep Eating, Cheers!
The two beers I had here last night were both great, particularly the vanilla porter, which I finished in about three minutes.  I also had fish and chips, and that too was excellent.  The fish was lightly breaded and perfectly crispy and delicious.  The bartender that served me was as nice as she was attractive.  

Happy hour starts at 11, not 10 (as some places say).  The normal prices are good for beer (4.25) and the happy hour prices (3.25) are amazing. 

There was a very good crowd at 11 on a Thursday night and the large porch was particularly full.
The night was dark and hazy, a midwinter's eve that started with promise. A quick trip to the Yelp site quickly revealed the #1 restaurant in Tempe to be, in fact, a brewery. This delighted my boyfriend, a beer connoisseur, and me too, being a fan of highly rated restaurants and anything that makes my man happy. So we headed to the Four Peaks with high expectations and high spirits. Alas, our hopes were dashed almost from the beginning. 
The hostesses greeted us from the curb. They were extremely young and scantily clad in low, low, LOW slung jeans that did not cover their clearly illegal behinds. The place was crowded so we took a beacon and hit the bar for our first round. The bartender, despite a packed house, noticed us almost immediately and took our orders... the only quick service we received all night. The beers, well, the Kilt Lifter was a fine example of a 80 shilling Scottish ale... but the Raj IPA was heavy in diacetyls and but otherwise a reasonable attempt at an English IPA. Hopknot IPA was above average IPA with pleasing grapefruit aroma.
By the time we were seated we were happily woozy from the beers. Unfortunately, it took the bitch waitress nearly 20 minutes to take our orders and another 20 before our meals arrived. Food was decent, although side orders were botched... we DID notice the very nice disposable napkins, which were durable yet soft. Some of the nicest napkins I've ever seen of a disposable nature. 
Overall, a good people watching experience, very loud and crowded, with terrible service, adequate beer, and generic yet palatable cuisine. Would we go back? Not unless invited by good friends. Overrated.
Just my luck...it's marathon day and roads are closed. After a circular route I made it. I think I drove 26 miles (it's about 5 miles) from the airport to get here. And it's crowded for a Sunday morning or maybe it's always like this what do I know. I'm thinking the post race beer drinkers are enhancing things a bit.

I found a seat at the bar, NFL playoffs are on the TV, not a bad spot. This place was abuzz with activity. Not a problem, I get immediate service and multiple servers check in with me frequently. Everyone is unfailingly cheerful and helpful. I love that!

The Hop Knot IPA, is an excellent choice to pair with the Brewer's Breakfast, which was served on a piece of lettuce for some reason. It was clearly intended to be a garnish, but really just a waste of lettuce. The scrambled eggs were a bit undercooked for my taste, but more than balanced out by the wonderful potatoes.

The building rocks. It was a dairy factory in previous life and it's perfect. There are tables right up next to the brew vats.
I am not going to make this long as everyone else who has previously reviewed hits the nail on the head. This is a wonderful place to just relax with your friends. The staff is always friendly and accomadating and the food and alcohol selection is incredible. If you have not tried it yet then you are missing out. BTW though the nacho's are a GREAT deal and can be shared with 2-4 people!
This place is so cool.  Great food, great energy, great servers!  Wonderful place to unwind after a week full of exams!  Long wait on a Friday night though.  We started off  with the Garlic Cheese Beer Bread - love, so good!  Our meals included the Garden Burger,  Four Peaks Cheeseburger  & Mushroom Swiss Burger.  They were ALL tasty!  I had never had hard cider before and really enjoyed it!  Cant wait to go back!
Some of the best beers I've ever had!  LOVED, LOVED the Oatmeal Stout.  It was slightly sweet, super creamy and not bitter at all.  Beer perfection if I ever tasted it.

Cheeseburger was good - cooked to perfect medium well as ordered and ratio of meat to bun was good.  Fries are unique.

We asked the server where all Four Peaks is distributing and sad to learn that they are only in AZ now.  I cannot wait for this fablous little brewery to expand into Illinois.
So it's super cool to go here.. and yes I must admit the people are nice the place is big its fun and delicious... the only bad thing to say is that for breakfast me and my husband wend driving around looking for a good place for breakfast, we finally decided to stop into four peaks for breakfast... he gets ID'ed on his way in and by no means does my husband whose 33 look young... anyway his drivers licenes was barely passed expiration and the guy at the door wouldn't let us in.. I mean he saw that he was over the age of 21 by a long shot. Very rude.
How have I not given Four Peaks a review yet?? I've lived in Tempe for 1.5 years and have been going to Four Peaks on a semi-regular basis pretty much that whole time.

The food here is amazing. Filling and messy, the perfect kind of bar food. I've tried probably half the menu by now and I have enjoyed it all, but I have a weak spot for the popper burger. A juicy burger topped with cream cheese, jalapenos, and onion straws - it's to die for. 

The irony for me is I actually don't like beer. But my boyfriend is a beer lover, so we come here a lot, and I really don't mind. I just get a soda and enjoy the food while he indulges in beer. I have tried some of the beer though, and the peach ale is the closest I've come to actually enjoying a beer.

The service is great. Every waiter or waitress I've ever had here has been super friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. I always eat outside whenever possible, as the inside can get a bit crowded and noisy (especially when there is some sort of popular sporting event on the tvs), but the tables outside are always great, no matter the time of the year. In the winter, they have heaters, and in the summer they have misters and an outdoor cooler. It's comfortable, and easy to talk to whomever you're with. 

I don't think I've ever had a bad thing to say about Four Peaks to anyone. When my father came for a visit from out of town, I made sure to bring him there. I recommend this place to everyone!
Consistently good food at very affordable prices and excellent craft brews. IPA fans should try "Hop Knot", while those who like maltier beers will enjoy their Scottish Style Ale, "Kilt Lifter", or the Oatmeal Stout, which are all delicious. Their Hefeweizen is also very authentic.
Love it
We had burgers and fries, also Salmon BLT, everything was great, definitely returning.
Their beer is solid and consistent. Not mind-blowing, sure, but it will do just fine on a hot summer day. Occasionally a really fantastic seasonal will blow through. Much buzz surrounds the annual pumpkin porter, but I find it fairly hit-or-miss from year to year (N=2). Generally the wait-staff is attentive and on their game. Once sent a plate back as it wasn't to spec, and they handled it promptly with a hassle-free no-problem attitude. 

But a little part of me died when I saw that the owner drives a hummer...
Love this place all the food is good and so is the beer. They are friendly if its your birthday they give a free beer no complaints here. It is a little pricey and parking is really hard to find but overall worth it.
Awesome place!  The Kilt Lifter was so clean/crisp- best I've had in AZ!  Great atmosphere and good service...usually pretty busy but definitely worth it!
Alright so I don't give a lot of 5 stars for restaurants or breweries because theres a lot to consider when it comes to my reviews. Were looking at the basics: Customer service, Food, Quality of beer and variety (especially when it comes to a brewery), and ambiance (aka mood or vibe of the restaurant). 4 Peaks just takes the cake! And that's not only because I'm an ASU alum and 4 Peaks has been a staple in my life the past 6 years. But their service, no matter how busy it gets is on point with a smile, Food is amazing paired with their beer, quality of beer is the best in the southwest, and the vibe is always laid back-good times. 

Happy Hour is a must: Weekly 2-6pm & 11pm-close

Nick's Must Trys: 
Food:
-8th Street Ale Chicken Strips
-Pub Fish n Chips
-Arizona Chicken Rolls
-7 Barrel Fries (Beer Battered!)
-Brick house Wings with the Stout BBQ sauce are like black tar heroin 

Desert: (All are delicious & Genius) 
-Oatmeal Stout Shake
-Stoutamisu
-Ice Cream Cake

 Beer: 
-Kiltlifer (My favorite beer on the market)
-Pumpkin Porter (A seasonal also my ^)
-Hefenwiezen
-IPA
-Hopknot
-Oatmeal Stout
I absolutely love IPAs and they've got two arse kicking IPAs: Raj IPA and Hop Knot IPA. When I had one sip of that hoppity hop goodness, I just had to get another one and another. They also have ciders for your female companion who can't down the bitter nectar. 

As for food, I've only gotten pizza here, but after reading the reviews, I think next time I will have to venture out into other realms. This place has a rowdy atmosphere and you feel like you're at a real darn brewery. Not just some restaurant that wants to be a brewery. So bring a couple of beer loving friends and enjoy four peaks!
Good beer and great food. Never have had a bad meal. They have the best spinach artichoke dip around! The warm pita bread served with it makes it. Parking can be a pain at times though.
Good and upbeat place to dine.

Love the southwest burger.
Excellent microbrew. (I had the Brew Sun.)
Plenty of TV's if you're into watching sports.
8th street ale is my favorite!  Great food as well you can't go wrong
Prices are reasonable and the food is always good.  It may be a typical bar food type menu but the food itself is far superior to what you will find in most bar restaurants.  I even like the food here better than the stuff they serve at some of the competition (chain places like TGI Fridays or Applebees).  In addition to good food Four Peaks has great beer and drinks.  I can't recommend this place enough.

Don't worry about the line or the bouncer checking ID at the door.  The service is always fast and friendly even when the place is full to the brim.  There is always a big, big crowd.  If you worry about the noise just sit outside under the misters...
Been coming here for years upon years. First off, Raj makes my life complete. Amazing full bodied IPA that isn't too dry. Second, the food is off the charts here..be it wings, burgers, steaks..just get it and put it in your mouth!! Service is a little shady from time to time, but the food runners, and bartenders more than make up for it..find the hidden bathroom?
Stopped by my first time last weekend while I was visiting a friend. We came in around 1230 am Sat/Sun and got a table by the bar no problem. My friend says it was surprisingly slow for a Sat Night, but that was find with me. Their kitchen is open to 1am, AWESOME!!! I ordered the Classic Turkey Club w/ beer battered fries. The sandwich was good (no middle bread in their club sandwich, never cared for that middle slice anyways) but the fries were amazing! My friend ordered the wings and they smelled HOT! Im kinda a wimp when it comes to spice, so I passed. I had a good time & was pleased to find out they are a fan of the MN Vikings. Ill have to stop by here on Sunday & catch a Vikes game next time Im up here.
It's a nice place to have dinner at or even to come and have a couple of drinks during the week or weekend.  It is a little loud inside so we decided to sit outside. Every single time I have gone it is full of people. Therefore, the service could have been a little better but it wasn't too bad compared to the amount of people who were there.  Their food was definitely delicious! I got some kind of enchiladas and my friend got a hamburger. The enchilada plate came with black beans and rice. These weren't really good but the enchilada itself was. I would definitely come again, we had a great time!
My review is for the Scottsdale location.  I really hate to give this place such a good review because if everyone knows about it, I won't be able to get a table.

I can't say enough good things, make that GREAT things, about this place.  Service was excellent (as Always).  The Fish and Chips was beyond a doubt, the best I have EVER had.  I said that last time I was here, but I really mean it.  Can you believe, not only was it a good size portion, it was only $10.00.  We had the Almond Amaretto & Cinnamon Ice Cream Cake for desert.  If people were not around, I would have licked my plate.  fantastic!
By far one of my top 5 places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. The burgers are very good. But the best is the beer bread sandwiches. Paired with the beer battered fries. Man-o-man.
Over the top service. One of my favorite meals of the year..shrimp and goat cheese bruchetta, kiltlifter fillet..blaow!
4 stars for the beer and atmosphere!  2-3 stars for the food.

I was scouring yelp trying to find a fun place to take some out of town friends who were here from Indiana.  I wanted to show them some fun in our spring desert.  I finally decided on Four Peaks.

Park on the street and it is a quick walk.  Saw that a few cars had recently been broken into as there was a lot of glass on the side of the street, but we didn't have any issues.  The patio was very nicely shaded, and with a slight breeze on a March afternoon it was perfect weather.  I was surprised that we didn't have to wait to get seated on a very busy day.  The waitress was attentive (at first) but slacked once we ordered our drinks.  It was a busy Saturday afternoon and we were having a good time, so the slow service didn't bother me.

I tried the Kilt Lifter and a friend tried the stout and both were delicious.  They have a "full bar" but they don't have blended drinks.  A friend ordered a cosmo that she said was decent.  Later that evening I found the kilt lifter on tap at a local bar, so it was an added bonus to be able to drink the same beer all day.  

The food was mediocre.  If there wasn't so much grease on EVERYONE'S food it would have been a lot better.  I ordered the turkey club on marble rye, and the bread was too greasy/buttery to enjoy.  A few friends ordered burgers and fries that they enjoyed after using there napkin to soak up some of the grease.  I will try to jalapeno popper burger next time and will ask them to not add butter or toast the bun.  Someone else in my group ordered pizza which came out hot and looked like very fresh ingredients were used.  We ordered the nachos as an appetizer and they were just ok.  Big plates made it possible for almost everyone to take extras home.

All in all, we had a good time.  The beer and the atmosphere is why I will return to Four Peaks on a sunny afternoon.
A fun place to hang out with friends.  The food is generally very good though not consistently so.  The portion sizes are huge so we end up taking something home with us every time.  Their prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get.  Love so many of their beers.  I just wish the beer was colder all the time.  Maybe I'm an amateur beer drinker, but I like it really cold.  Sometimes it's almost room temperature here which doesn't stop me from drinking it, of course!
Wow, 4 peaks is amazing!  My dad (who makes his own beer in Oregon and regularly attends  beer festivals to grade the brews) stopped here and told me I must go. I am from Portland and this place makes me feel at home. And the beer is awesome! There were 4 of us who ordered beer and I tried everyones and loved it. I had the hef,  the boyfriend had kilt lifter, and his 2 friends had the oatmeal stout. We ordered the ice cream pie and stoutmiso to share and they were amazing. My only complaint about this place is that it is abnormally too loud. They could turn down the music a few notches.
This is one of my favorite spots to eat. Whenever I come I get in almost immediately. The servers are all really nice and the food is amazing. I usually get a cheeseburger when I come here and it is amazing. This place has a great atmosphere for families (with or without kids). You can always watch the big game here or just come for a drink. Always fun and always a great experience.
Beer is awesome (first timers must do the beer flight sampler) and I have never had a meal that wasn't excellent!   A quick note, there isn't a/c in the building so keep that in mind during the summer months - although that doesn't stop anyone from going, the place is always jumping!
Our group of 4 went for lunch on Mar 26.  I have been to alot of similar restaurnts that serve "bar" food.  We had one salad and three different sandwiches and they were all superior to the usual bar food.  We did not have any beer or other alcohol.  We arrived before noon and were amazed at the number of people there already.  Our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  The menu varied.  The prices are very reasonable.  The biggest problems are parking and the large crowds.  We have been here before several times on trips.  Would go again without hesitation.
This rating is tough because the beer is stellar but Im not a huge fan of the food. I feel its average bar food. Most everything is just ok, and there is just one really good item(beer battered fries). I would recommend getting a growler or two and drinking it with some friends at home.
I've been to Four Peaks many times over the years for lunch, dinner and drinks and I am consistently satisfied.

Their food is great. I've had a variety of appetizers, sandwiches and entrees. Their chicken tenders are awesome. I am not a huge beer person but I love their peach ale. Very light for a perfect sunny afternoon.

The only downside is parking and it's always busy. There is parking in the back and on the street. The busy part is probably a good thing though because that means their food, drinks and service are always awesome so people come back for more.
ALWAYS crowded for a reason! 

Yummy pretzels, peach ale, and pub food. 
Never disappointed when I come here.
I'd been itching to get to a local brewery during our most recent visit to the Phoenix area and Four Peaks had come highly recommended.  

As we rolled through the neighborhood, I was pleasantly happy to see that parking within a block of the brewery was going to be difficult.  This is a good sign of good things to come.

The day we visited the patio was packed, so I was a bit apprehensive about a "seat yourself" sign upon entering.  But we were immediately greeted by a friendly server who promptly delivered our beer selections.  Oh man, I wanted to try one of everything, but I opted for the Apricot brew.  (Hopefully I'll get a chance to try the sampler during a future visit!)  We ordered the nachos to start, but got our entrees first.  I tried the grilled salmon wrap and was quite blown away!  I read that the food here was so-so, but I really enjoyed my meal.  My mom and sister also cleaned their plates, so it's safe to say we were thoroughly pleased with each of our selections.

Great food, great beer, and great service!  It might be a year or so, but I'm certainly looking forward to another visit to Four Peaks!  Now I'll have to see if I can find some of their brews here in Denver...
After reading the past reviews, most of it has been said.  The service was great, the beer is great, and the food is fantastic...  Our visit was late afternoon on a Saturday, and it was crowded and very noisy.  Guess that is to be expected with a college age crowd.  We are elderly, probably don't hear as well as we should, but conversation was difficult, even seated in the back by the beer tanks.
A fun local brewery. It has a cool brewery atmosphere with lots of seating and big bar. It was plenty busy, but not overly crowded. I had an afternoon to to spend in the area, so I figured I'd spend it watching NCAA basketball and trying out the local brews. I really liked the 8th st, Kiltlifter, and AZ Peach, each of which was an excellent example of it's style. The Hefeweizen, on the other hand, was terrible - funky and acidic. For lunch, I had the Italian beef on beer bread. Beer bread is like a spongy tortilla, apparently, but the "sandwich" was tasty, so no complaints, and hte fries were nice and crunchy. There seemed to be lots of staff around, several of the bar staff waited on my during my visit. Most of them were friendly, and on the ball. The place had a couple big TVs over the bar but it wasn't overwhelming. I like the setup of the place overall, and they had good tunes playing in the background. My only complaints were the stinky hefe and the first bartender to wait on me was brusque, forgetful, and inattentive.
Great food and service. Prices good and lots of food. I had the pizza one night and the carne asado another. Nice cliente and mix of good wht and blu collar, young and old, Nice relaxed vibe. Nice large HD TV's with relevant sports games on.  I will be back.
Went to ASU for a racquetball tournament and bothered my boyfriend to take me here since I am a big fan of breweries.  Lets just say this place is VERY good.  The moment we found a seat at the bar, the bartender came up and took our drink orders.  I mainly just wanted to come here for the beer and by beer I really just wanted to try the Peach Ale. The Peach ale was so good!  It had a nice taste but wasn't overly fruity which i liked.  
Next wee decided to order some food.  I ordered the chicken strips and my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips.  I wasn't thinking anything of these items when we ordered them, just figured they would be standard bar food and would taste good with alcohol.  I was completely wrong.  The food here was amazing.  I never thought i would rave about chicken strips but they were damn good.  The fish and chips my boyfriend got were equally as good.
Overall this place is great.  It was very busy when we went but well worth it.  If i am ever in the Tempe area again I will definitely be heading here!
Excellent beer selection and not one , but two great IPA's!! This was my first, but not last time!
Great outdoor seating at a converted creamery. I did not eat here. Very spacious inside. Thumbs down, however, as this is a Minnesota Vikings bar. Go Bears!
so i have been enjoying four peak for over a decade now. historically the food has been great, the service has been friendly and the beer has been cold. I dont expect life altering things from 4peaks, just these simple things. ....


Lately, just simply awful lazy servers, cold fries 6 of ten visits. and the beer keeps arriving warm!! 

wtf!!!! why? please can someone who runs/owns the joint ask the cooks to serve fries hot, ask whoever cares for the glycol system on their draft beers to fix it, and fire Amanda S???

 the busboy was the first person to stop at our table because ha had walked by us so many times and noticed we didnt have anything that he finally asked if we needed help. during the same time our server walked by us on several occasions looking the other way like a dog that shit on the rug and didnt want to look at it.  when she finally greeted us she asked if we were doing ok? again, wtf? Im doing spectacular sitting at an empty table with no food, no drink , and no menu.... what reason would i be sitting here other than to have something to eat or drink?

here's the worst part... I will go back, im like a crack head chasing the first high. I just keep hoping that I will get decent service again, or hot french fries, or a cold beer. but I know i wont ever get all three.

Im begging you four peaks, spend some of the $$$$ I have blown getting drunk there in the last 10 years on training employees who have a vague idea what they are doing, or at least act like it.
PLEASE!!!
Met some friends in the area and they suggested Four Peaks. This place was packed! And huge! And every seat around the bar and every table had full capacity. The wait wasn't even that long. Before we were even seated I know it would be a good time.

True it's a little loud but between the food, the beers, and the atmosphere this placed rocked.  Everyone at our table enjoyed their food but I can only comment on my own. I had 2 beers, Arizona Peak Ale which was not overly sweet and very delightful, and the SunBru which was also very light and easy to drink. The menu had tons of options to make everyone happy but I felt adventurous and ordered the blackened chicken pasta special. It was in a light herb butter sauce and had roasted corn, bacon, and broccoli raab.  I asked for the chicken not to be blackened (as one of the only people in the city to not like spice food) and they happily obliged. 
Service was quick and attentive. Guess it has to be with it being packed.

If I'm ever in Tempe, I can promise you I'll be back.
Serves Kilt Lifter, Hefeweizen - yum. Large outdoor patio is perfect for larger parties, nice laidback vibe. Had an excellent server. Extensive pub fare - nachos are tasty, half portion is sizable (enough to split). Limited lot parking, largely street parking.
Out of all the Arizona breweries this was first on our list from recommendations. Spring training was just the chance. We went for brunch There is just something about ordering eggs benedict and a sampler. Eggs benedict was good, but the sampler was better. The standouts were the Hefeweizen, Hop Knot IPA and the Porter.  The brewpub is huge basically wrapped around their production facility. Nothing like drinking next to the kettles. Service could have been better, not bad just not personal. There social media presence is wonderful. So refreshing and exciting to see.
Just returned from a great first time at Four Peaks. After much debate on what to drink, I enjoyed a nice, cold pint of the 8th street ale, along with the Southwest burger. Both ended up being excellent choices. The beer was tasty, and the burger was one of the best I'd had in a long time (fries weren't too shabby as well). Service was pretty quick for how crowded it was. Nice establishment.
Jeez, everything in Arizona closes early. This seems like one of the only places to go in the Phoenix/Tempe area for food late night. Lots of street parking. Standard bar food but good beers. I enjoyed my Hef :)
All the food is delicious!  And the beer of course!  Great atmosphere
A good local brewery with excellent food! We had the garlic beer bread to start, which was well balanced and tasty. We had the chicken & avocado beer bread wrap, chicken caprese sandwich and nemo pita. The pita had tons and tons if fish, and they were all large servings. Fries are well battered and very crunchy - just the way I like them!
Best bar food in all of AZ! The Nacho & Hummus platters are so good & the burgers are big and juicy. In fact all the food is delicious, can't go wrong. The beers are as everyone knows are fantastic. My fav being the 8th street but their hef is really great on a hot day. The Patio is real nice with the sprinkler system and if there is a game on you can get the outside feel and still watch their big flat screen without dealing with glare. 

Late night, 4peaks turns into a bar for the hipster ASU crowd but is still a good time. Enjoy
I am a huge fan of breweries that can match great beer to great food. There isn't one thing on the menu that they don't do well. And if for some reason you don't like what you got or think it came out wrong, they are quick to fix it and make you feel right for bringing it up. Great service, always. I go a lot so that is saying something. 

Favorite thing on the menu: Fries, Blue Cheese Burger, and Nachos. 

Kiltlifter is great. I get all warm and fuzzy just thinking about it.
I'm not sure how this place has a 4.5 star average rating.  The beer is solid.  The brewery atmosphere is standard.  The night I was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around.  The food is not a reason to go there.  We ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special.
I've had Four Peaks beer before but hadn't made it to the actual brewery in Tempe.

We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and after some parking issues (we have to park on the street!) we realized it was packed.  I thought we'd be waiting 20+ minutes but they got our party of 8 people seated within 10 minutes.  NICE!

I had a stout, and I can't remember the name but it was really good.  Our server was very patient and sweet while all eight of us ordered different stuff, wanting to add/leave out the mushrooms, etc.  She got everything right and came to check on us multiple times.  We made sure to give her a very generous tip.

My fiance and I had the garlic cheesey bread as an appetizer and split a vegetarian pizza for our meal (and I also ordered a side salad- I was starving!)

The cheesey bread was loaded with garlic- so beware.  I'm a huge fan so I was loving the huge chunks of fresh garlic mixed with delicious cheese, but if you were expecting garlic "flavor", it might be a bit strong.

The pizza had a great variety of vegetables, and a pesto sauce which was great.  The only drawback is that it was incredibly salty, and I think that was a result of the sodium in the pesyo and the artichoke hearts on the pizza. 

Overall, a great experience but I'll probably order a different pizza next time.
First stop after the Tillman run the other weekend.  Beer was good (Hop Knot was awesome!) and the food was pretty good too though we were very unimpressed by the "hummus".  Service was kind of lacking and it may have just been because of the post race crowd, which was pretty thick.  Will go back if I ever find myself in Tempe again.
great food and beer, service , probley the some of the best fish and chips iv had any where. 5 nice pieces of fish and a pile of chips 10 bucks
This place is everything I like when we want a good beer and great food.  Hook me up with the fish n chips and a cold 8th Street and I'm a happy man.  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and it's all very good.  The 1st time I had the veggie pesto pizza I didn't think I'd like it and my bud told me he'd pay but I had to try it.  I wound up taking it home.  I've seen other reviews that the food is ho hum.  Loosen up and stay away.  Hard to get a table anyway.
Best microbrew in AZ I've tried so far. I only had the Hop knot IPA however:
Insanely packed (at least 200 people) loud atmosphere, no parking, a bathroom with 2 toilets- minus a star
Menu limited to about 5 food items by sitting near the bar-minus 2 stars
That said the food and service was pretty respectable.
If I go back it will be at off peak hours and/or just to get a growler
This place is fantastic! Great food, and I love Kiltlifter. It is one of the only beers I will order when I go out, to four peaks or otherwise. Burger was great, bacon on it was cooked splendedly
Been here a couple of times while visiting from New York and haven't been disappointed yet. Nice selection of brews on tap along with an anything but typical menu plus I've always been able to catch my game of choice.  Exactly what I was looking for.
Thanks Yelpers!
This is hands down the best brewery and food establishment I've been to in my 9 months in AZ...nothing can touch it!!
I admit I only come here for the beer, but what great beer they have! My cousin loved the Peach Ale. ( What girl wouldn't?) and even I had to give it a double thumbs up. The Oatmeal Stout and Pumpkin Porter are my favs (when you can get them). And the Hopknot IPA is killer too. Happy Hour is the time to go when pints are a smidgeon over $3.00.
Well deserved rating! We stopped in for lunch when we were in Tempe for some Spring Training baseball in March. We tried to go there for dinner one night but the crowds were massive.....a good sign. So, we returned for lunch the next day. That was a good move as the crowds were thinner but the atmosphere was still great the the ful menu available.

We started with an order of the Nachos and those disappeared quickly.....very tasty. My boys loved them! For lunch, I ordered the Fish N Chips. My wife had the Chicken Salad Pita. The Fish and Chips were terrific; very lightly fried with a non-greasy, flaky touch. One of the best examples I've had outside of an authentic British Pub. My wife loved the Chicken Salad Pita which had a nice flavor and spicy finish. I don't normally like Chicken Salad but had a taste of it and it was great.

One son had a pizza.....boring....but the other ordered the Chicken Enchiladas. These were above average but not in the same category as many of the straight-up Mexican restaurants in the area. Not bad but I would recommend sticking with the other brewery fare offered.

Overall, we loved the place and will definitely visit again on our next trip to Tempe!
Normally I don't have a bad thing to say about Four Peaks (aside from the parking) but after spending over $80 on Mother's Day brunch for low-quality food, I'm very disappointed. We went in for the special menu and found the buffet to LOOK very nice but to fall short of an actual delivery. For $32 per person, we got Eggs Benedict, whose English muffin couldn't be cut with a standard knife (trust me, I tried, and I worked at it so hard I almost knocked the table over), undercooked but okay prime rib (should have had an option for cuts that were cooked more and less fatty - looked like a quality starter cut to begin with). The bacon and sausage tasted bulk-made and the waffles came with a Knotts Breakfast Syrup to-go packet. The salmon enchiladas were the only saving grace on the buffet spread; even the turkey pot pie raised eyebrows since it didn't even have a pie crust?

Not the worst breakfast I've ever had, but for $32? I could have gone to Caffe Boa or Golden Corral (seriously, that disappointed with Four Peaks) or somewhere with much better food for cheaper! Now, if there were the option to choose something other than the "Mother's Day Brunch" for 32 bucks a pop, then I could at least say this was my fault, but we were told that was the only option (though later, before 2pm when brunch was supposed to end, I saw "regular" food on other tables). 

The mimosas were okay, but small and difficult to mess up anyway.

The highlight of breakfast was the baked goods - From Chompies. Sorely disappointed in Four Peaks' Brunch. I will definitely be back for beer and bar food, but steer clear of this place for special occasions or buffet brunches. I wish I had anticipated this but I never expect bad things from Four Peaks.
Unfortunately, I am not of legal age to drink, so I got a pretty legit Sharpie "X" on my hand before entering.

The group I came with was sat in the back towards those huge fermenting canisters. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant/bar and the servers are super attentive...even when the place is packed!!

Every time I've been here, their food tastes amazing, and their soda is super fresh! Highly recommend their chicken strips dipped in beer batter.....mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about them. You'll absolutely love their fries too!
I have lived in the Phoenix area my whole life and attended ASU in Tempe.  Four Peaks is the best restaurant and brewery in town if you are looking for a casual atmosphere.  The food is INCREDIBLE.  I have yet to try something on their menu that has not amazed me.  Beers are excellent and brewed on-site.  Great atmostphere and helpful, attractive servers.  Try the Tap Room Tenderloin, Italian Beef Beer Bread, or Salmon BLT.  8th Street and Hop Knot are the best beers in my opinion.  The only downside is the difficulty with finding parking.  Don't even bother trying to get a table for a large party on a Friday or Saturday...it is especially busy on these nights
I think this was the first place in AZ where I felt at home.  being from Oregon, great micro-breweries are a dime a dozen and my dad is an avid brewer.  Long story short, I was skeptical.  Me and My hubby LOVED it!  We felt right at home and tried every beer.  They have an AWESOME IPA and I really enjoyed the kilt-lifter.  To top it off the food was great too.  DO IT!
My favorite place to eat in Tempe!   I love love love LOVE Four Peaks.  The food is delicious.  The beer is even better.  Every single thing I have ordered to eat from this place has been delectable.  This is the kind of place I will even gladly order soup and salad at, and I'm not even a soup and salad kind of person.  They have about 10 different types of dressings for salads, and yummy soups that change daily.  Overall, a wonderful place and a must-visit if you are in the area.

Favorite Beers: Arizona Peach Ale, Hefeweizen, Sunbru
Favorite menu items: Arizona Chicken Rolls, Jalapeno Popper Burger, Turkey Club, Chicken Salad Pita, Salmon BLT (and I don't even like fish normally!)
Great atmosphere.  Food is always good.  Great microbrew beer.  It doesn't get any better than that.  The only problem I've had is the parking in the area sucks and it tends to be super busy, which means long wait times to get a seat.
Great beer, great food, fun place. Always busy for happy hour and on weekends, be prepared to wait.
Great beer and ambiance. I recommend trying the Arizona Peach at least once.
Great lunch today.  The Salmon B.L.T. Is worth coming back for.  Yummy!!!
3.5 stars for FOOD
4 stars for BEER (and I'm not a beer person)

Came here for happies with a couple of gals and ordered the Arizona peach ale. It was $3.50! It was really yummy considering I know nothing about beer. 

The food/menu wasn't really that fantastic. I suppose burgers go well with beer but wasn't in the mood for that. I ended up ordered Spicy Thai wings that came with celery and carrots! (gotta have some veggies right?)
Another friend ordered a chicken salad wrap and BBQ wings. Portion size was decent but overall wasn't all that impressed. 

It's definitely a spacious place for big groups. The bar area has TV's and there's a patio with misters, certainly necessary on a hot day.

Parking was challenging but was able to find a spot on the street.
Usually only come here for special occasions because it can be pricey, but oh so good!  I love the Raj IPA, the salmon blt and the nachos.  Can be crazy busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  Parking is awful.
I've been to this place many times for drinks and a few times for lunch. Every time is a great time. The beer is great, I've hung out with friends over a couple pitchers and some fries outside (the beer battered fries are AWESOME!). My last visit I sat inside with my bf and both our parents and it was a bit loud when we were trying to have a conversation. The food was amazing though! I shared the southwest burger with the bf and I sampled a few others off everyones plate. The ones that particularly stood out was the chicken strips and the shrimp carbonara. I will definitely order those next time I come here!
Ok so I might be a bit biased when I say this is the best brewery in AZ.  Probably because my best friend works there BUT aside from that this really is the best brewery out that way!  :)

Even for someone that isn't much of a beer drinker they have beers for everyone!  They have the Kilt Lifter, similar to guiness that my husband loves all the way t the Peach Ale which is light and sweet and right up my ally.  They provide samplers to see which one fits your taste.

Aside from the beer the food is AMAZING.  I love the brunch they have every weekend.  Enchilada and eggs are my fav so far.  The chicken rolls are fantastic especially dipped in the sweet jalapeno sauce.  The sandwiches are fresh and HUGE!!  The service you get here is one of a kind and the place is so big you ALWAYS have a seat.

I highly recommend stopping by for a brew and chicken rolls to watch a game.  And make sure to give Michelle a BIG tip!  :)
4.5 Average rating from lots of reviews tells it all.  This place is as good as it gets.

However if you are Mr. Coors light or Bud Light Drinker BEWARE none of that swill is sold at the bar at Four Peaks, just their delicious brews they make.  

This place is ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS packed, the worst part about it is finding parking, then sometimes depending on the number of IPA's you have finding your car when you leave (just kidding).

The food is very good.  I am a huge fan of the Salmon BLT but also love their burgers and have not had a bad appetizer either.  Service here is always attentive and friendly and it seems they are all well trained and know the menu, which is a plus when asking questions.

As far as the beer goes, there is a reason 4 Peaks won a gold medal in this years World Beer Competition, its just that good.  I love their seasonal selections, right now its Peach, and the lines will also agree that the Pumpkin Porter is top notch.  Kiltlifter is probably my ultimate favorite while my wife will sip on their IPA all night with a big smile.

If you are looking for a quiet place, again this place is not for you.  Its loud, busy and tables are close to each other, but the mix of people in that place is what is fun.  It is probably the closest kind of place you would find in NYC around Columbia or NYU with its mix of people in it.  You will find your normal college kid, your professor type (you know the drunk old guy at the bar) families and old and young professionals.  All getting along!

This is just a very good place, we always enjoy it!
Try the panko breaded calamari!! Skip the marinara and ask for extra aioli.
Typical brew house with great local microbrew!  Order your food and it comes out fast and delicious!  I had the veggie burger with a blonde ale and it was great!
Absolutely great, fresh beer and ales made on the spot.

Fun atmosphere, limited menu, but good quality food and excellent service.

Parking is a challenge, especially at lunch & dinner but worth the effort for the awesome brews!
Four Peaks is amazing! The happy hour practically lasts all afternoon/evening and the prices off happy hour are very reasonable. A great Arizona brewery, they serve all their own in-house brewed beers and I've never been disappointed. From the oatmeal stout, to the IPAs, the peach ale and the staple Kiltlifter, everything here tastes great! My favorite (like everyone else I'm sure) is the Pumpkin Porter around the Halloween season. Be sure to stock up on a take-home growler of that. The growler prices are decent, $10 for about 5 decent glasses of beer to take home and put in your fridge. We keep coming back for refills!

The service can be hit or miss, depending on how busy it is. I've had some terrible service in the past, but a few times servers have made up for it by comping free dessert (which, once we tried the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake -- go ahead and try it!!). Overall, I appreciate the effort made by the servers, but don't expect anything about and beyond during big games or weekends in the evening.

Most food I've tried on the menu is also excellent. I highly recommend the pizzas, or the veggie/turkey wraps. They're very good about substitutions as well. And make sure to try the beer-battered fries!

The place gets pretty packed during the ASU school year, so I'd suggest coming earlier for the happy hour, when everything's cheaper anyhow. Great place for parties or groups. Highly recommended, this is one of my favorite happy hours in Arizona.
So glad we stumbled upon this place while we were visiting from California. Four Peaks was very good! The beer was extremely tasty & I don't usually care for beer. The food was also really tasty. I had the portobello veggie sandwich on beer bread and the stout-tiramasu. Both were delicious! I will definitely go back when I return to Tempe, AZ. The waitress was also very attentive & the atmosphere was fun!

The only bad thing @ Four Peaks is the parking! There isn't a lot, only street parking. 

The prices were very reasonable & it seemed like a really fun hangout for the locals & ASU students.
How have I NOT reviewed Four Peaks yet?!

Awesome. Even when its wall to wall packed. Even after waiting in a 2 hour line for the special St. Paddy's day breakfast and festivities. The beers are great. the food is oh so good. you really cant go wrong w/ anything that includes their beer bread. And their breakfast! If you can brave the crowd that comes out for it, seriously do it. One of the best breakfasts in town. Ive had almost every item on their brunch menu, and I cant think of one that disappointed.

GO.
Enjoyable all around but it's LOUD. Fodo is all surprisingly very good here. Almost as good as the beers!
Great place, fun atmosphere, not expensive. Great beer and tasty food :)
I have never had a bad experience here, and every single thing on their menu that I have had has been great. Salmon BLT, Spinach salad, Popper burger, Reuben, wings, nachos, artichoke dip, literally everything is so good. And lest I forget the beer. The beer is so damn good. I have tried all the beers, and I love them all. I live down the street and if I ever move from the area, not being able to walk there would make me sad.
Just go! This place has the best local brews and a great menu. It's a fun place to go and hang out and in a short 15 years, it's become an AZ staple.
Great beer, great food, great ambiance, great staff!  I've been coming to 4 Peaks for years and love the place.  I'm there with my buddies every basically every Sunday for football season and still like to come here during the week on occasion.  The best Microbrewery in AZ without a doubt but the food is also far above your average bar food.
Thanks fellow yelpers for brining us to Four Peaks!  My husband and I were stuck in Phoenix for the night and needed a place for dinner.  Ironically we ended up at Four Peaks (a Vikings bar) on our way back home to Minnesota.  

My husband loves beer (brews a ton of his own) and especially enjoyed the beer sampler. Trying 10 beers for around $9, yes please!  I don't really love beer so I had a cider and it was exactly what I needed.  For dinner I had the turkey burger with fries.  The turkey burger was standard but the fries were awesome.  I think it was the beer batter.  My husband go the carne adovada and he raved.  I think he may try to convince me to fly back to Phoenix just for that dish!

The atmosphere was also great.  It was very laid back and fun to be able to sit amongst the beer being made.  

I highly recommend Four Peaks whether you are a Phoenix native or otherwise!
Four Peaks is AMAZING!!! The atmosphere, food, and beer is ALL GREAT! They have indoor/outdoor seating and I love coming here with my friends! Their Arizona Chicken rolls are to die for or their popper burger! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
I'm glad we made the detour to Tempe to make a stop at the Four Peaks Brewing Company. I think I have thought about the Peach Ale every day since. 

We made our way over to Four Peaks and honestly I thought we were lost before I noticed the discreet little sign. When we went in, I was amazed at how huge it was. About half restaurant and half huge brewery. We decided on a table outside, there were those water misters and that sounded great to me. 

We decided on two samplers and at $9.00 each, it was a great deal and we got to try everything on the menu. Although Sunbru and the Raj IPA were the notable favorites around Phoenix, I fell in love with the Peach Ale. Too bad they don't bottle it yet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#4PgWnlLfgNs8P8uh-Wx6hQ

We were not quite starving so we settled on an appetizer and picked the Shrimp and Goat Cheese Bruschetta. The Shrimp were large, served with fresh foccacia and garlicky tasting brushetta mix. It was amazingly good, but the goat cheese was so light and creamy it offset the spice of the bruschetta. It was almost enough for a meal. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#95xPXeFmqYyPjnLpWdf8UQ and  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JzOp695tclcNCNMuBl7oxA#SWt2-wnXn9qh2tzQeD_tNQ

I think this place is a must stop. The Four Peaks Brewery is a great local place that has great beer and that appetizer was amazing. I can't wait to see the Peach Ale bottled, because it's absolutely delicious and refreshing.
Don't even hesitate about going here. Stop reading reviews and go! Great beers, REALLY good food. Try their wings if you like them - I always loved the Spicy Thai. I moved away from AZ unfortunately, but this is one of those places that I miss and will have to stop in every single time I come back. Go and have one of their beers for me :) Hop Knot or the Hefeweizen were my favorites.
This place is great! I went here on a weekday night  and it was packed! Lots of college aged people seemingly having a good time. Despite the packed place we waited about 10 minutes for a table. 

Food: The food was good. Typical late night eats such as fried food, burgers, and sandwiches. They also had a good selection of beer. 

Service: Our waitress was very attentive and came to our table to see if we needed anything at least every 10 minutes. No complaints here. 

Decor: The decor was awesome. Very laid back and the huge beer containers were an awesome sight!

Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant and would return here again if I was ever in the area.
I am not a bar person at all. But I heard the food here was really good, so we decided to try it out. We arrived and stood in the doorway, waiting for someone to seat us for like 5 mins while at least 6 girls who obviously worked there just stood around staring at us. Not knowing what to do, we decided to seat ourselves (there was no "Seat Yourselves" sign out btw). We sat towards the back in the quieter section and waited...and waited...and waited! Finally a server saw us and asked us what we wanted to drink and brought us menus. It was while before she came back around to take our order.

I ordered the Margherita Pizza well done, and my guy ordered the Green Chili Chicken Enchiladas. Well, when my pizza arrived it was obvious that is was not well done as the cheese was still goopy and white, and not browned and bubbly. My guy liked his plate, but admitted that the rice was par boiled cheapo rice and not as good as many enchiladas he's had in the past. I took my pizza back and asked for Fish and Chips instead, which came out quickly enough, but were just okay, nothing special. When I took my pizza back our server assured us that the Manager would come over to apologize, but he never did!

Overall, not impressed! I would never come back.
I got an interesting comment the other day when I came to Four Peaks Brewing Co.  "You have lived here for 3 years and never been to Four Peaks?"

Okay, I have had Four Peaks Beer at a beer tasting event, but I have never been here.  Now that I have been here, the beer and food was awesome.  A lot of brewpubs will serve you great beer, but the food would not be so appealing.  Sometimes you will get lucky to get a few items on the menu, but Four Peaks has everything from burgers to even ahi tuna.  

I got the flight of beer, and they have quite a great variety.  They even had a peach ale beer!  I would say the Hop Knot Ale is my favorite.

Another good note is that we came for my friend's b-day, and they give you a beer glass of a beer on the b-days.
I have nothing bad or smartassy to say. This place is that good.
Pretty much everything about 4-Peaks is great. Food is great. Beer (esp Pumpkin Porter) is great. Brunch is great. Great place to gather your friends. This has been a solid staple of my life in the time I've lived in Tempe.
This place is very over priced and no AC not my idea of eating comfortable . The service was good but I was a bit more concerned about sweating my butt off .
So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transientweek adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona.

I normally censor myself to the general public when writing things on-line, but I may say this about Four Peaks - fuck yes. I love this place. Their nachos are humongous and the Kiltlifter always draws me back. In fact, whenever I go to Arizona, it slips into my mind that I need to drink a crawler's worth of it minutes when entering the city limits. Great atmosphere and near Tempe, so all the beautiful people are out. A definite must go to while in the area.
Great beer. Prices are a little steep but that's just because I'm there all the time.
Try the garlic beer bread and a Black and Tan
I just loved this place!  If you like Calamari you will love theirs!  They are huge and taste fabulous, like nowhere else I have ever been!  the Salmon burger just melts in your mouth and the Kiltlifter brew is not be missed.  With its pub type atmosphere this is for sure a place not to be missed in Tempe.  We will be back often.
Stopped in for lunch on Sunday.  I had never been to Four Peaks before but have driven by it and seen how busy and opted to go somewhere else due to lack of parking.  We were lucky to have found a spot about a block away so we decided to check out the place.  It was a hot muggy day and we thought some nice cold beers would hit the spot.  We arrived at the front of the place to see about five people standing around at the hostess spot, not one of them said Hi.  I had to say two please and interrupt their conversation.  We got seated in the back and right away the heat just hit me when I sat down.  I started sweating.  No ac, really?  We are in phoenix and people still use swamp coolers?  Anyways I was uncomfortable and noticed everyone was sweating, like beast. I looked around and saw a lot of college students sitting about and thought to myself... geez this isn't where I would go to pick up on someone, everyone is sweating and looks gross.  
I know this place has some good reviews but nothing stuck out to me.  I love four peaks beers normally, but when my server came with my beer it was warm, not refreshing when sitting and sweating.  Food was average, typical bar food.
Our server was ok for it being so busy, but I didn't get the warm and fuzzies with her attitude. Wonder if this review will be axed by yelp?? hmm..
One of the oldest buildings in Tempe, a real treat to be inside, except during the horrible Arizona summers. The building is swamp-cooled so it is huuuuumid during many days of the summer. It is usually PACKED around dinner time (5-7) most days, and especially on Thursdays. 

The "DJ" plays pretty good music, I put him in quotes because the few times I've seen the music system it's a Macbook hooked up to someone's itunes collection. No problem with that, though--me and the guy have pretty similar tastes in music. The waitresses here are great nine times out of ten, and they are always good-looking (do they even let males serve here?). 

The barrel fries are great, even if they are still $5.50 for a considerable deduction in the amount of fries you get recently. They usually have a "special" or "chef's choice" menu where you can get something that isn't a usual menu item. Good for dates. 

The hefeweizen contains banana clove, which is amazing. The peach ale is a favorite among many women I know, and Kiltlifter is always great if you're looking to take a nap soon (heavy!). 

My only gripe is that the happy hour starts at 11. Sheesh.
its an enjoyable atmosphere for all 21+
(: The beer is Delicious and so is the food - However I unfortunately, can not say the same about the HELP.The service was terrible the waitress were rude not only  to us but to each other....
Total Tempe staple. And so it should be. I went on a very hot Sunday afternoon and although the wait was ridic we sat at the bar and drank mimosas. I thought $4 was a decent price until I saw the glass she served them in. Pretty small, so I was disappointed. 

Disappointed left the building, folks, when I got my food. Starving for a good burger I was amazed at  good it was. The blue cheese was crumbly the way I like it. My roommate got the Jalepeno burger and was raving!

I recommend going on a week night or early lunch. Gets pretty packed around noon lunchtime and the wait can be not so great.
Awesome service and great food! Very busy but still offer great food and service.
Great place to come and enjoy food, watch some games (tv's aren't that big but there are a lot of them), and hang out with friends.

I sat at the bar where i waited for one of my friends to arrive. Like always the bartenders are nice, trying to work for their tips (can't blame them).  I was promptly asked if i needed a drink and a menu. Of course i accepted. She came back quickly to ask if i was ready to order. I explained that my friend was coming and i was going to wait to order food.

No complaints so far, great service.

My friend comes he gets his drink order promptly and looks at the menu, i finish my first drink and they come by and get me another. Woah standard bar treatment. who would have thought.

Okay anyways thats pretty much the last we heard of the bartenders unless we flagged them down (and i hate doing that cause i feel like a jerk). Anyways we flagged them down for our food order, more drinks, water, and the bill.

They would have gotten a solid 4 stars. The service fell short in the end on my experience was a 3 star. 

The food was great i got the chicken sandwich... it was HUGE, i recommend it. Beer batter fries were maybe some of the best i have tasted. For real i will come back and i hope to upgrade them to a four star...unless the service is the same then it will be 3.
So far so good... Wife and I are enjoying our beers and the staff is so wonderful.... I'm going to let my wife talk for a few sentences cause she is sooooo good at this stuff. She's a yelper and made me one too!

Hi! Four peaks is a staple go-to brewery to sit back with friends for a brew and even have their good food (which is very hit or miss at most breweries). their fall selection is my favorite and they make an excellent fall seasonal porter and hop knot ipa. their peach ale is sometimes perfect, sometimes too sweet like cider or juice. The place is packed at night, which most of the time is a sure sign of good drinks and crowd. Everyone is friendly and casual which is soo pleasant for the atmosphere. I wish their was a/c which is my only picking right now. Our waitress was so nice. Hubby spilled a beer accidentally and she came quick to help with napkins and even refilled him a full beer. Excellent service!
Good food and great scenic views....nice place to  throw back some cold ones and catch a game!
The beer is great and the food is tasty as well.  Try the popper burger...I order it with a turkey burger and it is amazing.  It always seems to be busy, which is a good thing.  If you haven't visited, check it out!
I think the fanfare for Four Peaks is obvious...and for good reason. Brewery right? So, this means "bar food"? WRONG. The food is to die for. I get the Salmon BLT religiously, the BBQ Chicken Pizza is awesome, the Nachos are HUGE (add the blackened chicken and thank me later), and the specials are usually damn good also. 

I've probably been here 40 times (conservative number) and while the service can be lackluster, I cannot give them less than 5*. When I say the service is "iffy" it really depends on the server. Some are amazing. One guy I've had multiple times frankly does not give a $hit. And other times, they can just get overwhelmed (this place get packed wall-to-wall, so I can understand some lapses). 

The beers...AMAZING. If you want to get tipsy, go straight for the Raj IPA. A tasty, hoppy beer that will get the job done. I tend to like bitter beers like IPAs, so I stick to the Raj, HopKnot, and 8th Street. I do like Kiltlifter (probably their most popular beer) but it can start to get too sweet after a few. 

One thing many people fail to mention; order a glass of water. I know water doesn't sound impressive, but they pour the same distilled H20 they use in their beers and it is the best water in Arizona. Just a thought.
Good place to go and have a drink. The pizza at this place is surprisingly good. The have s good selection of appetizers and entrees. They brew their own beer so get it. For single guys this well...the sights are good.
I've never had a better French Dip in my entire life. With that being said I've never had a better French Kiss than the one I always get from Teddy G. Oh and the beer's not to bad either.
Very good beer, nice atmosphere and nice employees. The food is pretty good as well. I love the popper burger.

Do not go here on any night over 95 degrees. They do not have air conditioning but rather swamp coolers, which while they do lower the temp they also raise the humidity to around 500% I thought we were back in Philly! That said we hit this place every time we are in town, which is about three times a year.
This is one of the few places I literally get cravings for. Yes, cravings. For a bar. I feel like readers might judge my palate for that statement, but I can't help it; I love me some Four Peaks.

Honestly, I'm not even a big fan of beer, but this place was the first that allowed me to enjoy it. I prefer my beer on the lighter side, so I always order a Pale Ale, Sunbru, or Peach Ale (my favorite, great if you like sweet, fruity brews!). I've heard the darker beers are fantastic as well from several beer-loving friends, and the selection has something for everyone.

What really gets me here, though, is the food. Oh my god, the food. I have never tried anything here that isn't delicious. If you love spinach artichoke dip, theirs is TO DIE FOR. I won't let myself order this unless I'm sharing it with at least two other people; otherwise, I'll finish it because it's my drug here. They serve it in a huge plate with all the pita bread and tortilla chips you could want.

I've also tried the Thai hummus (great spicy kick!), their gigantic burgers, a few sandwiches, and some fried food. All of it has been amazing. For dessert, you can't beat the Stout Shake. And after trying the seasonal Pumpkin variety last fall, I'm looking forward to its return this year!

The totally chill vibe and set-up of this place is pretty cool, too. If you don't know, it's not an entirely enclosed space; kind of open, similar to Dos Gringos, with a large outdoor patio area. It does get a little warm in the summer, but it's not too bad. 

Downsides? This place gets insanely busy on certain nights and weekends. Which leads into the next point: parking sucks. It's seriously horrible. You either have to park on 8th street, off some random neighborhood side street, or try to find room in one of the tiny lots nearby. I always hate the long walk from my car to Four Peaks, and I hate the drunken walk back even more. But I gotta say it's totally worth it.

Great drinks, great food, and a great place to hang out with your favorite people. Definitely not your average bar!
I had the salmon BLT: it was unique and exploding with flavor.  Loved it.  Tried the Kilt Lifter, it was a very good Scotch Ale.
This is by far one of the best breweries in Arizona! The beer, food, service, everything is terrific. This location has a warehouse feel and can get hot in the summertime, so the temperatures go up, I recommend going to the Scottsdale location.
You will not find another place like this. The beer is amazing. The food is even better. Try the chicken enchiladas or the chicken strips, you will not be disappointed.
I've been here a total of 3 times now and the food never disappoints! This is my boyfriends favorite restaurant and now its mine too! My favorite things are the beef beer bread sandwich YUM and the calamari and the tartar sauce.. omg amazing! The service isn't always great (once we had a wonderful server, the next time our server was inattentive). Also the place doesn't have AC but it doesn't take away from the experience at all. Anyways I love love love this place and its always the the top of my list of where to go to dinner!
We went here on a saturday afternoon, the place was packed. We didnt know which beer to try so we went with the sampler. Came with 9 different beers plus 1 specialty one (rye wine). We really enjoyed the rye wine, this one was 12% . This was my favorite of the ones we tried. I also enjoyed hefeweizen  and javier liked the sunbru. I look forward to seeing this brewing company at Oktoberfest this year :) For the main course I had the Italian beef beer bread, which consists of Lean roast beef with sautéed red onion, green peppers, mushrooms, mozzarella cheese and garlic
honey mayo rolled in our fresh baked beer bread. The beer bread was tasty and comparable to a tortilla , but thicker, but not as thick as pita bread. I chose the pasta salad as the side. It was very tasty but looked disgusting, had a weird grey color to it. I like the presentation of my food to be just as good as the taste. Javier had the roasted turkey club with beer battered fries. His was delicious. I now wish I would have gone with the fries. The reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 is 1. there was a swamp cooler in there so it was a lil hot. 2. doesnt have a good size parking lot so you have to park along side 8th ave and walk a lil bit to the place. Still wasn't too bad and not so bad that I wouldn't return again.
The menu here hold alot of different options. i have never had one bad thing here. The food is superb. Service is always excellent no matter how packed it is. Just a word of warning, it's a Viking's bar. So be prepared during football season. It is within walking distance of my home, so that's definitely a plus. Lunch,  dinner, late night or even sunday brunch there's never a bad time to go. They also offer growlers and to-go packs if you'd like. I reccomend the peach ale, and oatmeal stout. Also the growlers are re-fillable so you can bring them back.
I used to like this place but today it was a big fiasco. 

I asked for a table inside but I didn't know that they have a section that looks like a pizza parlor in the middle of Idaho. I was expecting to be seated in the main room but that didn't happened. So we moved to the patio. The weather was hot and I didn't notice anything that could help (idk if there were misters but it wasn't that great).

I had a heffeweizer and it got warm pretty quick, but oh well.

The edamame was good, crispy and tasteful (I always order edamame without salt).

But the spinach salad was bad. Lack of taste, the spinach was flavorless, the dressing was boring, all in all a bad salad.

My friend ordered enchiladas that were ok if you overlooked the presentation (it looks gross, pools of grease, it could look like dog food and the metal dish doesn't help at all).

Anyways, bad salad, bad experience and kind of price for what I got.
Not the biggest menu for food, but the beer is delicious and the orange blossom beer is absolutely hands down the best beer I have ever tasted!
Let's say 4.5 with a possibility for 5!  This place does pack them in.  I have never really had no luck with parking, but be prepared to look.  Also be prepared to wait if you want a table, but we have almost always had luck with very large bar.

Cool interior!  Old building repurposed well.  Comfortable open arrangement fairly well laid out and not feeling claustrophobic.  I was told by a local last night that it was once a creamery.

Friendly and attentive staff and atmosphere.  Lots of tvs if that is important to you.  Bathrooms might be improved on, seeming smallish and humid, but fairly well maintained.

All that other stuff aside, the beer selections are excellent, plus they have cask sometimes.  I find the Hop Knot IPA to be excellent.

Have also eaten here probably four or five times now and not had a bad or even mediocre meal.  I suspicion they have an impressive kitchen and staff since they seem to do the volume, and while not strictly embellished, every thing is well prepared and presented.  An attention to detail is obvious.
I liked the food here, and the service has always been good.  I've been here for lunch with coworkers or to watch a game with friends.  No difference in quality at any time.
Haven't been here in quite awhile, but this is a pretty great place to have a bite to eat.  It would get 5 stars from me, but unfortunately I went on game day and the volume on the game was so loud it was a bit off-putting.  I know it's a bar and football season so it's not unexpected .  If you are in the mod to watch the game it's a very good place to go.  The real standout thing are the beer bread sandwiches.  They are more of a wrap than a sandwich, but very good either way.  At our table we had the mushroom one, chicken one, and the italian beef one all of us gave them high marks.  They also come with some pretty awesome fries.  How do you make a fry better?  Dip it in beer batter!  

Try:
- anything with beer bread
- ice cream cake
Excellent food, great beers, unique atmosphere... that pretty much sums it up. Definitely worth the visit.
The best in Tempe. Cheap pitchers, good outside location, parking is usually a little hard though.
If you like beer (I'm more of a mixed drink guy) and drunk college students (mostly dudes), this place rocks.  Otherwise it is incredibly humid and sticky inside the warehouse that they have converted into a bar and grill, and the prices are a bit steep.
Alright, let me start this off by saying that I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to rate this place 3 or 4 stars.  My initial reaction was a 4, but there are a few things that really bug me here, so I really would say it's more of a 3.5

The first negative is parking.  The lot behind the restaurant is ALWAYS full, and good luck finding a close spot on the street.  There's an apartment complex across the street that people try to park in, but you're really taking your chances; I've seen cars towed from the lot.  Next, this place is always so busy.  Recently if I drive by and see it's totally crammed, I just keep on driving.  It's not worth the hassle. 

Food here is hit or miss for me.  There are certain menu items (appetizers, burgers, daily specials) that are great, and there are others (fish & chips and the pizza) that are just not good in my opinion.  My best advise is find a few dishes you do like, and stick with those:)  The beers here are good, but not phenomenal; it would be nice to see 4 Peaks expand as a brewery with new beers.  The Pumpkin porter here is just so damn good though.  Honestly!  People wait year round, anticipating this beer.

The patio here is superb; a great place to spend time people watching and enjoying the weather.  I tend to shy away from here during the summer since the building is open and only has a swamp cooler.  You're either melting on the patio or full of sweat inside.  Gross.

All complaints aside, I love this place.  The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly.  Service is always great and food comes out very speedy.  I definitely recommend coming here with friends
Beer was fantastic! The music was so loud that I could not enjoy the conversation with my friends. I will not return as my idea of a pub is one where you talk, not shout at your friends. Makes it tough to enjoy the beer.
Great beers, foods, and customer service!!

Well, the parking is the hell. They really need to make their own parking space. I just got the parking tickets and I saw so many other people got it too....gosh.

If there are parking lot, I can give them 5 stars.
Do yourself a favor and try it.  I know there is a wait... there is a reason!
I love breweries and I love Four Peaks. One of e best breweries in Az. We came here on a Friday night but had no trouble getting a table. This place is huge and packed but still room to move around. We ordered the Hopshot IPA which is a great beer!  I've been here a few time and always had a good experience. I can't wait till the pumpkin porter coming Oct 1st!!!
4.5
What hasn't been said yet?!
Parking can be a pain sometimes. Careful not to be towed.
Definitely NOT a beer drinker, in fact I don't drink alcohol AT ALL, but I had a sip of my friend's beer and it wasn't bad! I think it was the Hop Not, citrus-y. I wouldn't ever order a whole glass for myself though...

So why do I come here if I don't drink? 
1.) What ASU student doesn't go to Four Peaks at least once? 
2.) All my friends drink. They are fortunate that I don't drink, so I am always DD. 
3.) Their 5 layer nachos WITH blackened chicken. SO GOOD. Warning, this monster can feed maybe up to 4 people. I came here last week and ordered the nachos. It took so long for us (3) to finish the nachos that I had to ask the server to reheat it. They did so with no problem. 
4) Cool atmosphere. 

No complaints about the heat, swamp cooler, sweating balls, etc. 

They're also opening up a second place off Broadway and Rural, but I'll stick to the original place.
:]
Good food and beer. A little pricey, but worth it. The pumpkin porter is one of my favorite beers.
Not a regular, but my last visit was amazing!! I have unusually high expectations for the service industry (not really but the bar has been set so friggin low) and I was honestly impressed.  EVERYBODY on staff was on point. Hostess, server, busser and food runners were exceptionally efficient and smiled, making myself and company feel like they actually gave a damn we were there. My server rattled off 15 salad dressings without even looking up.... Impressive.  Not a dish, glass or dirty napkin sat on the table for longer than 30 seconds!!  The food was well prepared and was delivered not too quick, not too late... Perfect.  Beer was flowing and tasted amazing as usual.  Our glasses, weather water or beer, never reached empty.  Over all, a great dining experience with nothing to complain about (unfortunately something I haven't had in a long time).  Can't wait to go back!!!
Went for lunch on a Sunday.  It was very busy, with a lot of the frat-house college crowd here for the game. We had a large party, and the person organizing our get-together tried to call an hour before we arrived to put our name on the list, but no one answered the phone after repeated attempts.  So, when we got here we waited for a bit outside while some tables cleared out.  When we finally got a table, they gave us a table that couldn't seat all of us, for they wrote down the wrong number of people for our party.  

After some more shuffling and rearranging of chairs and tables, we finally got seated.  I tried a sample of the pumpkin porter, and had the portabella-veggie beer bread.  The pumpkin porter was decent, and had a nice pumpkin-spice taste to it.  I wasn't a big fan of the veggie beer bread.  I was expecting more of a loaf-type bread instead of the flatbread that actually came out.  As a result, the dish was more of a wrap than a sandwich.  The interior of the wrap was filled with lots of fresh veggies, but I was hoping to find more portabella mushroom in it.  In addition, the veggies themselves were bland, and so overwhelmingly garlicky that I felt like I could ward vampires away for a mile with my breath.  

Despite having a large party, service, once we were seated, was good.  The waitress had no problem splitting our checks, and she refilled our drinks promptly as needed.

Another thing to note is that there isn't any A/C in the building, just overhead fans, so if you come on a hot day you might be sweating a bit!
I used to love four peaks up until my last visit and my boyfriends visit as of yesterday. We have been loyal customers for the past 3+years and we feel as though they are slowly making their way down the drain. 
         Let me get into detail here; my last visit the waitress didn't even know she picked up a larger section then she expected so of course we were over looked for a solid 15-25 minutes when  my boyfriend decided to say something to someone. So our waitress came up and apologized LATER with a half ass apology. Excuse my French. We ordered right away, and it took forever to get anything. So my boyfriend decided at the end of our meal and drinks with our friends to pick up everyone's tab since the snooty waitress didn't split the check.  

My boyfriends visit tops the cake to where I severely don't want to go back. So my boyfriend had ordered a beer and then came to realize a friends bday was that day so they ordered under 3 shots for the group. After 3 shots they were cut off and they weren't even belligerent, weird. Okay, the thing that pissed me off the most is they accused my boyfriend that he received his pretzel when he sure as hell didn't get it and they charged him for it! Nice!!!! Not. Supposedly they messed up our friends nachos as well. Lastly the waiter was a manager in the end since the first waiter kept messing up, when he cut off my boyfriend and his friends he said even though he has seen us there a lot he had to cut him off because what reason we will never know. But what I can tell you now is that the new staff they have on board isn't the same and makes me not want to go ever again.
Super cool place! I was here w/ a group of 15 and they accommodated us nicely, including all of the fun that comes with splitting bills 10 ways. I have bookmarked and will make it back for an afternoon of football. Definitely a place that you can bring anyone to.
I'm not a beer drinker so, for me, this place was just ok. Good food, nice atmosphere, nothing to write home about.
Get in and try that Pumpkin Porter while you can! It is awesome!
Good solid food and excellent beer.  It is busy every day seriously.  I even asked the waitress last night what day wasn't busy.  This is a great place to sit out now that the weather is nice.  It is a little warm in the summer for sure.  Parking is a hassle so just expect that if you go.  I like the wings and salads.  It is a big bowl of salad and I can never finish it. I like the chipotle ranch ALOT. 

This is the way a brewery should look and feel in a college town.  Surprisingly there is a diverse crowd in this joint not just students. Service is good too.
I've always had a great experience with this place.
Spent some time in Scottsdale on business and found this place via yelp..... Definitely deserves the great reviews previously posted. The fish and chips, burgers and fries were very tasty and the service was excellent. Best meal I had while visiting Arizona, wish we had one of these in orange county.  Oh and the oatmeal stout was awesome as well..... They sell beer to go here, great idea!
One of my person favorite haunts, the employees are all friendly, the food is good and the beer is amazing. This place is always packed being right next to the college
It's 4 Peaks. 4peaks is awesome. What more do you need to know???

Fantastic beer? Check. (best heff around. Kiltlifter always a staple too.)

Great food? Double check. (nachos are amazing, wings are great, margarita pizza is wonderful. You won't get a better Veggie Burger at any other bar in the valley.)

Parking? Parking is... well... parking really, really blows.

That's pretty much all you need to know. My advice if you don't like crowds is to pick your spots and get there early. (I'll skip going there for the Big Game, as they'll be stupidly packed, but they are my 1st choice for weekend day drinking, and have been for years.)
Try the sampler of beer. Can't go wrong.  Get to try 6-8 brews (can't remember)
Parking sucks. No getting around it. If your going with a large group, carpool.
Good hearty bar food.
Its always busy.
Hands down the best brewery I have been too.  Most of their beers are better than any other out there.  Yes, the Oatmeal Stout is better than Guinness.  The Pumpkin Porter should be on the menu all year long.  The food here is also amazing! I have not had anything here I found just eh.  Fun place to go, lots of cool people, tvs for sports....

If you have not been here, go, NOW!

Only bad part is parking kinda sucks since it is so packed.
On a super crowded Sunday during football season, Four Peaks still delivers. Great service, cold local beer, and a good selection of better than average bar food. I had the breakfast burger with a large patty, topped with bacon, an egg, cheese, and jalapeño mayo. The bun was flavorful, and the burger itself was perfect. The potatoes were well seasoned too. Hubby had a white pizza with chicken and mushrooms. Great portions. We rode our bike here as do lots of other fans. This place favors the Vikings on SuNday mornings, so beware! Breakfast till 2pm, and good eats all day long. Thanks for the friendly service too.
The wait can be a bit long but totally worth it! I have never had bad service and everything I have had in the menu is amazing! Great place to hangout with friends- wish they did have a better happy hour though!
This place is truly amazing. Especially if your a fan of craft beer. every beer this brewery makes is masterfully crafted and wonderful to enjoy. 
   
   On top of that the food is awesome. It's not your average bar food and has a lot to offer. 
   
   There is a patio to enjoy if you prefer to be outside. The patio area is cleverly split into 2 sections one for non-smokers and the other for smokers. The inside is a very nice place to eat as well. The decorations and the brick-house feel are a peaceful yet fun place to enjoy your drinks and food. 
   
   For those that care about the atmosphere will especially enjoy the inside of this restaurant as it has the brewing tanks and decorations alike giving you an experience like no other. On top of that the music is actually good. It's loud enough to hear and with musicians like Jimi Hendrix, and Sublime in the line-up it makes for a good night of listening. 
   
   The amazing service is also a huge plus. I have never had bad service and everyone is really nice and accommodating. 

   This is a go-to place for groups of people looking to have fun, and I would highly recommend it for business outings and customer appreciations.
I love the place and the set up.  I also like the beers.  The only reason I give this 3 star rating is because the food isn't that great. The first time I ate here was the best but then after that the quality just went down after that. I did try a couple of the entrees but never was satisfied with the meals.
Food is always great, service is good and the atmosphere is fun and exciting. My BF loves their beer so that's always a must when we go. 

The only thing we seriously dislike about Four Peaks is parking. Parking is absolutely atrocious! Its so bad in fact it becomes a reason not to bother going. In the past we've actually spent 20 or more minutes trying to find parking. And this is the reason for my star rating, I'd give it more of a 3.5 if I could. I wish I could give them 4 stars but I just can't, the parking is just that bad, unfortunately.
LOVE this place. A great choice for beer lovers.
Nice place at best. Food ok but not to rave about. 

I mean you will have a good time but it is not going to be that special place you have been looking for. Good but not memorable.
Whisky selection is limited. But food is good. Crusted calamari is a delicious appetizer
Great beer. A flight of 9 for $9 is GREAT. You get a little 4-6 oz tasting of each and we liked them all. My favorite was the peach ale. Had the beer battered fries and our party demolished it. Crispy and well seasoned. Friendly service and fun atmosphere.
This four peaks is amazing! However I wish they would start switching out the growlers. 

I went to go refill my cousins while I was out running errands, they took it, gave it back. I didn't know he didn't clean it and he wound up getting sick. I think they should try to either switch them out like when you buy a keg or try to tell you these things up front.
I got the Four Peaks burger with fries and the beer sampler. Their beers are great! Its so nice to have a place like that in Phoenix. And I was able to watch the UC Bearcats bowl game while eating with my family.
AWESOME BEER!! We shared the beer sample between the two of us!! Loved it!! Now our favorite list of beers has increased. The food was also great just stay away from the pasta salad, but the beer battered fries are a must!!
Two things I always order here:

Kilt Lifter and the pretzels!

They go excellent together! 

Try them!
Best brewery around. 

Great food and now have weekly specials!
Great Service!

Hopnot IPA is a really good IPA
Peach Ale is good for a sweeter beer or female
Probably my favorite place to go in Tempe. Great Beer made on site and the best "bar" menu out there. There daily specials are always awesome and usually temp me into visiting more time than I should. My favorite plave to take out of town guests.
Beer was great, atmosphere was great, food was great.
We asked to be sat inside because it was cold that night so we got sat next to an open air door with no heater.  My girlfriend ordered nachos which got cold and hard in minutes and my medium well burger was well done.  This experience was frustrating because we've had good times here but prob won't be going back for a while now.  Basically don't go there on a cold night unless you want to freeze and eat Luke warm food.  Quality has gone down lately.
Great beer! great food! great service! Their beer is amazing. I'm a huge fan of the Arizona Peach and Pumpkin Porter. I usually order the same thing every-time I'm there: four peaks cheeseburger or the 8th st ale chicken tenders. They have never let me down so far.

The only thing wrong with this place is the parking. It is a total nightmare. With a place this popular you think they would have a huge parking lot. Nope, just a few spaces here and there and a dirt alley.

Maybe someday they will expand to the west valley. That would be great!
I've never had a bad experience here! Great service, great food, great beer! 

Get the nachos and definitely try their Oatmeal Stout Milkshake- to die for!!
Its been quite a while since I have been back here.  We were kind of on a strike from going to four peaks but I really wanted to try the arizona chicken rolls which tasted like chicken salad (not grilled like it says its supposed to be) rolled in a puff pastry and the sweet jalapeno sauce is the reason i wanted to try it so bad because i love that stuff on the southwestern burger.  I have never hated anything before at four peaks and last night my boyfriend actually said it. "I Hate this, i do not like this at all; it tastes  like chicken from a can" Thats what it tasted like. I was expecting some grilled chicken and in chunks not a salad mayoish filling. Severely dissapointed twice now. It seems like service and food are starting to diminish before our eyes.

SO SAD :(
Raj and HopKnot IPA are excellent, sometimes they have a nice cask. Food is always very good as well. highly recommend.
Four Peaks is better than good sex. That is all...

In all seriousness, it is. The reuben, the first and chips, the beer flight. This is the best joint in Tempe hands down. I have had occasions where I've eaten here 4-5 times a week. Parking can be a little tricky especially on weekends, but hell, I'd park in Mesa and walk to Four Peaks if I had to!
Best brewery food I have ever had. Staff is cool and not pretentious beer snobs.
I don't see what the fuss is all about. The food isn't worth going here for, and every other bar in town serves the same beer.
This place is the best! Their food is amazing-especially their beer bread!! Also- the beer is great! This place gets extremely packed early and it lasts all night long, but it normally doesn't take too long to get a table and even if it does it's worth the wait!
This place is a pretty decent restaurant/brewery. The food was on the upper end of good, and there was a lot of it that sounded tasty that I didn't get a chance to try. The real reason, for me anyway, to come to a brewing company is to try their beer though. Their lineup is relatively extensive including all the regular types of brew from IPA to stouts. What you should do if you're really looking for something special though is ask about their seasonals or unique beers. They have some great ones in casks and off their main tasting platter depending on when you go.

Also, DEFINITELY get the Oatmeal Stout Milkshake for dessert...even if you don't like oatmeal stout beers you'll enjoy this treat.
Four Peaks Brewery is by far my all-time favorite place to go to on a Friday/Saturday night. I recently moved away from Phoenix and will greatly miss this place on the weekends. Their beer is off the charts when compared to most others. The Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale are a must for any beer conesieur. Even if the food was bad I would still come here as regularly as I did but luckily the food is amazing as well. Great atmosphere, friendly employees, inside a large brick building with a beautiful outside patio.

A few negatives to mention....
-Parking can be a nightmare so be prepared to walk some distance.
-They can get crowded quickly and wait times for a table can get lengthy.

A must stop for anyone who visits Phoenix/Tempe!

FYI - The Peach Ale works great to occupy members of the opposite sex who have little interest in beer ( or any buddies whose alcohol preference is questionable).
Really good food for a brewery and of course the beer is delicious. The service is hit or miss, been here quite a bit and some servers have been great and some have disappeared off the face of the earth. Would be back though
I have really enjoyed this place every time I've been. The service has been quick and friendly. The beer is good- I usually get the Kilt Lifter. The food has always been tasty in my case! Large appetizer portions that could be a meal in itself. I've gotten the portabella veggies beer bread a few times and let me just say that it is freaking amazing and it's a decent price too!
Great brews to be had at Four Peaks.  Overall great place but the beer is the star as far as I'm concerned.  I chose the four peaks burger and fries with the beer sampler.  YUM!  Tasting the different beers was great.  Service was decent.  A bit crowded which slowed things down a bit but not too bad.  I will be going again for sure.
Yummy food + good looking/friendly staff= happy Chandlor :) needless to say I'll be back!
Well, I rolled up around 5pm and there was plenty of street parking available. Seems like a bunch of famous Phoenix/Tempe restaurants have been plopped down in residential areas - very strange. Happy Hour runs to 6pm only, so I slipped in three craft beers (why are they not letting you get $1 off seasonal beers either?) and was hoping for food specials as well. This is not the case here as only beer is discounted and only by $1, but some kind of food should be included in happy hour deals. After a  switch of seats at the gigantic bar, I ordered the Blue Light Special burger cooked well done and loaded with blue cheese crumbles and average bacon. The bun was really good and the beer battered fries were another highlight. Those things are crispy, crunchy and don't taste deep fried like most battered fries have tasted in the past. Some guy next to me ordered a giant portion of chicken fried steak too that looked good. Burger was top notch (claims to be fresh ground), bartenders were all friendly and I have no parking complaints, so this was a good experience for my debut here.
A great balance of  beer, service and ambiance is sometimes difficult. Not here, this outstanding restaurant/brewery has it all. A must do for anyone of all ages living or stop over in Tempe AZ.  
I really had a great time drinking some great beer and the food was outstanding but the best part was the climate and staff.
even on valentines day....this place is just so good! no wait to sit. i had the beer bread veggie wrap. it was too oily this time, so i doubt it was any healthier than the fish and chips, but it is always so darn tasty. 

beers? everyone already knows how good they are. and service has never been less than outstanding. 

nothing new....
There's a reason this place has a 4.5 star rating out of nearly 800 votes - it's quite possibly the best restaurant of its kind in town.

It's elevated bar food. Their menu is enormous with appetizers, burgers (turkey is an option - thank you!), pizza, salads, you name it!  The food ALWAYS comes out hot and super fast. I don't know how they do it - it is always busy there, and they always perform.  I am so impressed with this place and their attention to putting out flavorful, high quality, hot food.

The service also never skips a beat, and again, they're always busy!  So friendly with a lot of hustle.

The beer is fabulous too. My fav is the Hop Knot IPA and my husband loves the Sunbru hefe.

If i ever moved, i think i'd miss this place the most. It's reliably delicious and i always walk out of there in a good mood.
I will always like Four Peaks for what makes Arizona great.....drinking outside on a great patio. Just awesome. That's really why I come here.  I have fond memories of this place and many happy hours. It's also where I got to know my husband through intimate conversation over a few pints while we were dating! 
I'm a huge fan of the peach ale. Simply delicious. The food is good, but a little greasy for my usual taste. Bar food though, so it goes well with beer. I ordered the margarita pizza and my husband got the beer bread wrap. His wrap was swimming in grease on the plate, which was kind of a turn-off. My pizza wasn't bad, but again, I come for the beer. 
Friendly service, decent prices.
Probably my favorite burger joint in the Valley!  We have been as a family many times.  Service is usually really good, unless there's something going on in the area and they are slammed, but that's the case anywhere.  The fries are out of this world and the prices are great!  One of my favorites! Definitely a go to place!!
Awesome place with big portions and ice cold beer. Service is mostly hit but sometimes miss. This usually happens when they are busy though so I don't blame them. Try the BBQ chicken pizza and their chicken wrap. A nice cold sunbru to top it all off.
Great college town brew pub. Amazing beer with a good menu of good food. Busy atmosphere. I will go back.
The food is always consistently great, the beer is excellent oatmeal stout! 

I've come on a game day, a late night, and for lunch. Even with the place being packed the servers and service are always quick and polite. Lunches are a lot of fun because its more relaxed. 

Parking is hilarious but there are plenty of spots down the way so a brisk walk will only help you gain an appetite.
Meeting the guy I'm dating for a quick moment of happy hour. He chose Four Peaks. It's jacket weather on a sunny day, but loved the patio. This place is happening and has good, friendly staff and good brews all it's own namesake. A decent menu of apps and foods. We arrived at about 400p on a Friday afternoon. Could very well have been standing room only, but luckily my quick, savvy, obviously traffic dodging guy got there to secure a good table before me. Since I am more of a wine and vodka girl, I don't know beer that well. I always have to ask the difference between dark, lager, ale and stout. The waiter was busy but he suggested I try samples to make my choice. I won't lie, the Kilt Lifter wasn't as dark as I would like but the Oatmeal stout was too... well... stout! A stout that stout needs a half hard cider for me to be able to hang! Ummm that isn't to be here at the 4 Peaks. AND that is okay:-) Of course, the lightweight I am, I had 3/4 of my Kilt Lifter and was gonna have to submerge it with a little food action or I was gonna be very tips! We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip. Generous portion of sharing goodness. Lots of fresh triangles of pita and crisp, fresh warm tri colored chips. The waiter also kept our waters filled. Important to a girl like me when enjoying libations of alcohol! The brewery is near ASU, so it's a mix of alot of collegiates and many, many biz men and older couples. No worries on ambience. It's a popular, happening place. Lots of fun and good beer. Parking a bit of a crank. But not as bad say in larger cities. End result. 4 out of 5. :-)
Apparently, silverware is to much to ask for. By the time she had any interest in my experience my food was cold. I sent it back, and was assured a 'new' one was being prepared. When the same plate reappeared the plate was hot, both in the rim and underneath, and steam was coming off the veg. The now rubbery $20 fillet had been microwaved to a hefty medium (ordered MR). I was truly excited for this meal, and worse, an out of town family next to me at the bar experienced the dissatisfaction I generated. She also argued weather it was microwaved or not, and provided a list of excuses.When I go out, I don't pay for excuses or conflict. I just want a fucking steak.
Top Four Reasons I Love Four Peaks

1.  My man can get tipsy on "Kiltlifter" which he love, loves and it makes him happy.  It seems like all the boys love the Kiltlifter
2.  The pasta salad and steak sandwich are super freakin good
3.  I love that little doll face Courtney at the Tempe location, she is super sweet and she is always on it
4.  Your chicken rolls are greasy, fattening deliciousness and that jalapeno dip kills me because I am a baby with spice, but it kills me in a good way
5.  There are always suckers on the patio willing to bet my girly friend that she can't out chug them for drinks, and we ALWAYS be winning! Yeahhh!
Omg...just shut up and take my money.

You either hate good food, or hate beer if you don't like 4 Peaks. If that's the case you're a bone head (and a slew of other things Yelp won't let me post). This is a family joint, and I digress...

Guh, a wonderful gem Four Peaks is...hidden in a Tempe neighborhood and easily accessed. They have all the space to do what they want, and that convenience is passed onto patrons.

You want to belly up to the bar? Do it. Outside Seating? They will provide, inside...yeah, duh. Service is top notch...they move fast, but still allow you to have a good, well paced, time. The Beer, well of course: It's great. The food. Get anything...all of it amazing.

My favorites though? Sunspot Ale, and the Salmon Burger/Sandwich. Heaven.

4 Peaks...While I appreciate the super fun food trucks at the other location, I'd really like to have the ability to eat some of your wonderful food there as well!

(That's right folks, they've multiplied...)
Excellent!!! Vibrating place for sure. Awesome beers and good food tooo! Try Rolls, Pretzels, Hummes - some of my favs! Must visit!!!
This is the spot for beer in the valley. It really doesn't get any better. Great beer. Great food. Great service. 8th St Ale is my favorite and their Southwest Burger is so good! Also the Sunday brunch is great too. Lunch or Dinner or just a late night hanging out at a casual brewery drinking the best beer in the state of AZ!
This place is AWESOME! No complains from me here, the food, service, beer and atmosphere is great. Multiple Ty's, good size bar and the wait was minimal for a Saturday night though it was Spring Training and a NASCAR race was in town. Highly recommended!
OMG is Right,,, 
Been "thinking" about going up to try breakfast and finally made it.. 

The Food is AWESOME,
The Huevos Adovada Excellent
Soup n Roast Beef Samich - Excellent
Breakfast ??? Beer Bread - Kinda like a burrito Excellent
Eggs Benedict - Excellent
Beer was already know excellent , my Fave is Kiltlifter.

We went with some friends and though parking was a little issue, but once we got that straightened out, the smell of the food was on point...
Menu took us awhile as nothing rang out to be the perfect match up,, but let me tell you,,, all 4 of our dishes were on point, I dont normally give anything 5 stars but this place just made the #2 spot of favorite places to eat... The Beer did help with that, but will def be back !!
I just think that this place oozes awesome.  It's tough to beat a huge warehouse turned brewery / Irish themed establishment.  I was merely there for happy hour, but was able to get the cheesy bread w/ marinara and a few lovely pints of their Hop Knot I.P.A.  

Anyone wanting to check out a brewery should start here - this is the epitome of that here in the Phoenix area.  I've been to SanTan in Chandler but won't be going back there for a number of reasons.

I don't know if the parking is something that can be fixed, but that's really the only drawback I can think of - oh - that and the guy is a Vikings fan.
Great Place for beer, but be forewarned to expect a large and youthful crowd as ASU is nearby.  I came on a Wednesday night and squeezed my way up to the bar for a seat, and ordered a sampler platter of their beers.  My tasting notes are as follows (your mileage may vary):
Sunbru Kolsch - just okay, too light for my taste, but probably nicer for the light beer drinkers in your group
8th Street Pale - very good
Hop Knot IPA - solid IPA, very good with nice citrusy/floral hops to it
Raj IPA - english style IPA, I didn't care for this one
Black IPA Seasonal - was very good
Peach Ale - not my fav, but very peachy if you are into that
Oatmeal Stout - pretty solid, not too thin stout.

If around the Phoenix area, I would definitely order one of their beers if on the menu.
This is my kind of place: Beer made on site, awesome food menu, cool crowds, sports on TV. I would consider living in Arizona just for this place...well, ok, maybe not. But I will come back here.

For beers, I'd recommend the Raj IPA and the Kiltlifter (which you will find offered at nearly every bar in Tempe, by the way).

They have some good vegetarian options, which made me happy. I went for the Portabella Veggie Beer Bread. I have to say that the title made me think it would be a portabella mushroom sandwich. It's actually a wrap. And I'm not sure how it's "beer bread"; it just seemed like a tortilla. But it was good anyway. 

Definitely go for the fries, no matter what. They are beer battered and delicious. I'd recommend the calamari appetizer too, but beware it's strips of calamari, like chicken strips.

Enjoy!
Tried to dine here last night and I have never seen such an unprofessional group of people running an establishment. I was in town for 5 days with a group of guys for Spring Training baseball. This is the 7th year that we have done this trip. It is a group of early 30 year olds and our fathers. We eat all over town and spend alot of money each year. 

We arrived at the restaurant by taxi and got our table immediately. We sat at our table and were greeted by our server. We ordered a round of drinks for everyone but one, and immediately the server said that one person in our group wasn't allowed to be served until they ate a little bit. Understandable, I run a restaurant in Vegas and know liquor liability and it was responsible of her to make that decision. But then the manager who looked as if this was his first restaurant job shifted the situation and said he couldn't serve any of us. This immediately pissed us all off and ruined our experience. The server already cut one person off and the manager blew this situation out of proportion. Not only did he lose a customer but I am so irate how he embarrassed our table and made our experience unbearable. He is a terrible asset to your company and should never be able to run a restaurant again. He lost money from your restaurant from people who all work in the hospitality industry in Vegas. I expect the company to have better standards as I know this company has a good reputation in AZ
We were looking for local brewers to try and this was a great find.  The place looked PACKED but we only had to wait 15min for a table and were able to grab a beer at the bar while waiting.  

The prices weren't bad (around $10) and the beer was pretty good.  It was nice that the menu had suggested beer pairings with the food choices.  We also liked that you can buy cases onsite.  

The place is huge and impressive, it's a nice atmosphere especially with such a huge and noisy crowd.  The service was good and the manager was making the rounds, a nice touch.  Thanks for a fun and memorable evening out!
Okay so I have mixed up my breweries (My last review was for Popago Brewery oops).  Let me set the record straight.  This is the best brewery I have been to in Arizona!  The menu at this place is HUGE!  Although, you need look no further than the appetizers menu.  PLEASE order the Arizona Chicken Rolls.  With the perfect blend of sweet, spicy, crunchy, savory, ummm these are SOOO good!  

My boyfriend and I have split the bleu light burger which is fantastic!  I also got the cobb salad which you can get a half order of (still a good size if you are getting appetizers and drinking beers).  Everything we have ever gotten there is fantastic!

Now for the beers!  These are GOOD!  I like a lighter beer so I recommend the Sunbru and Peach Ale, but everyone who goes for the darker ones are never dissappointed.  They also have a seasonal pumpkin porter which is a little heavy but still really yummy.  

This place is hard to find, but worth the search.  It is off in a random little neighborhood in Tempe but I am telling you now SEARCH FOR IT!!  Excuse all my caps in this review, but yes I promise you it is that good.
Located on a side street near a park, this place is Tempe's best restaurant. If you go after 5 or on weekends, you will have to wait. There's a nice park within walking distance to kill some time.

The service is great and the food and beer comes really quick for such a big busy place.

Almost everything I have had there is delicious.  The Sunbru beer as well as kiltlifter is fantastic. 

The AZ chicken rolls are amazing. You can't go wrong, the food is great.

This place is awesome.
Parking is brutal and the place is a madhouse...still 5 stars. Cool atmosphere, good food, GREAT Beer. Servers were all cute and very knowledgable, no complaints there. I was in town for a busy spring training weekend so not sure if its always that packed but based on reviews I see how it could be. Check it out when in Phoenix area.
i was visiting from out of town with a group of friends. i'm not a big drinker and i'm mostly vegan. i just had dinner before coming, but was still hungry and there was not much of anything healthy on the menu. i asked the waitress if they might be able to accomodate a special request of a bowl of greens only with olive oil and vinegar. she asked me if i wanted a small or large and i stated a "large side salad". 

it came out and was a nice portion. but then the bill came and it was for $9 - the cost of a regular entree-sized salad with toppings. i asked the waitress if anything could be done about the price. she hadn't been carrying around the best attitude in the world, but it got even worse when i tried to reason with her on a price for a bowl of lettuce - LITERALLY. she told me that's the price. made it clear she wasn't interested in talking to or helping me any further,  and got the manager. that's when things got weirder.

the manager came over and asked me very aggressively if "there was a problem." i explained the situation and that i thought there was a miscommunication. don't get me wrong - i was completely willing to pay a reasonable amount for a bowl of lettuce (LITERALLY!), but i felt that $9 was not very accomodating. he puffed about it and said he would just make it a side salad - which was actually less than i was willing to pay, but he didn't seem open to discussion so i didn't extend the conversation.

after the bill was dropped off and paid for, he came back - this time to the side of me in a very aggressive and intrusive way - and LECTURED ME on how to order next time and that they can't take special requests like that. it was incredibly bizarre and clearly this big man child has some anger issues/lack of social awareness. i didn't even bother to look at him or respond. the whole table was weirded out - way to cause unnecessary friction between your establishment and eight patrons DUDE! 

i realize this is arizona, but this is also 2013. a lot of people have dietary restrictions and find their place at your restaurant for some reason (in my case, social reasons). from time to time, special meal requests are going to come up. my suggestion? try to be politely accommodating instead of acting like a bunch of irritated, angry babies. it's not that difficult. and if you can't do it, don't serve or manage a restaurant.
great atmosphere. the kind of brewery restaurant ive been looking for. mr easton was ok, just let me be at the bar. Never thought of having osso bucco at the bar, but it was great as well as the stout! originally planned to go for dinner in the weekend, but it was so packed. it's good that i went during the week instead, not too busy and crazy.
If you went to ASU or have any friends that went to ASU you know this is the place to be. Litterly full every single night of the week, the most amazing thing about this place is that the food is better than the beer. That isn't to say the beer isn't good, because some of it is great. Because it has become so large and so popular my only negative about this place is the fact that their seasonals and limited release list are so small and far apart. Then again they didn't become so popular by not having great beers. I'm a hop knot fan and if I'm at a restuarant that doesn't have a beer I haven't had or something I think is better it's my fall back favorite. All the beers are of great quality and while service can be slow at time (because of the massive amount of people there) it's absolutely worth the wait.
Service is iffy. Sometimes I get a great waitress, sometimes a terrible one. The beer is great but the food is overpriced and some dishes are really not good. My friend had to spit out the calamari. I thought the quesadilla was gross (had the taste of processed cheese). 

Some dishes are good though. Burgers are good, the beer bread is great. Their pork and bean dish is very good (but the beans are bland).

And the parking situation, oh lord, don't get me started. Prepare to park 1/2 a mile away on the street. Seriously. And turn in your side view mirror or some drunk college student will break it off.
Some of the most unique and delicious appetizers!  Spanakopita, Garlic Cheese Beer Bread, Thai Hummus are my go-to treats.  The patio usually stays packed until closing time (Thur - Sat).  Love that spring breeze and vivacious atmosphere.  Oh yeah, the beer's good too ;)
You can NEVER go wrong here...EVER! What a fantastic setting with great food and tasty craft beer. They have this multi-grain BLT blackened salmon sandwich that is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Had a "flight of beers" and tasted all of them...fav's were heffeweisen and peach ale. Great great service too. This place is a home run.
Food was decent and beer was good.  Atmosphere was fun.  The popper burger was a bit too much.  The beer garlic cheese bread appetizer was excellent.  Chicken wrap and French dip were ok.  Pasta salad had too much dressing.  Fried were good.  The sampler beer flight was fun.
First time here, came late night around 12am. My friends and I didn't order any food but we had 3 pitchers of there beer. Peach ale, pumpkin porter which is their seasonal, and kiltlifter. All 3 of those beers were amazing. Our server was Melissa and she was outstanding, at our table a soon a the pitcher was empty everytime. We can't wait to go back
Love the Tempe locations vibe .. Good Beer -good food.. We stop by once a month or so for years now.. BIG FAN - you will not go wrong here!!
You know this place is good when it is huge and it is still crowded early on a weekday!  I have only been here once, but I can't wait to go back.  I had the Peach Ale and it was really yummy.  A nice balance of fruit flavor and beer, even my sister who is not a fan of fruit beers liked it.  Do yourself a favor and order their spinach and artichoke dip, it is amazing!  Seriously the best spinach and artichoke dip I have ever had.  They add little red peppers to it that gives it an amazingly differently flavor.  And it comes with pita bread and tortilla chips, which is really nice.  I also ordered the steak sandwich (filet mignon, blue cheese crumbles, onion straws, lettuce, tomato, and roasted garlic-jalapeno aioli on a hoagie) which was a flavor explosion!  If you are a fan of good food and good beer, definitely come check out Four Peaks!
Best beer and pub food in Arizona. Love taking out of towners here for a great experience.
Great atmosphere and delish food...try the carne adovada with fried eggs...delish!  you might want to share it though because it's huge...was also happy to know there was pear cider for the non-beer drinking pretending to drink beer.
So many great memories here.. but 3 stars only. It's too cramped for my taste. The food is just edible and the parking is horrible.

However, the beers are pretty good. They are worth the bad hangover you will have next day and the mile walk from parking spot.
So I went to the Four Peaks Brewing Co on a date recently and I have to say it was a pleasant experience. Other than the hostesses being a tad unfriendly (I understand they are stressed) and the "bouncers" being unwelcoming, everything else was decent. We walked out after having a beer, a mixed drink and two meals for about $35 which I'm okay with. The place is pretty loud but I guess that's part of the ambiance. I'd go back, perhaps not on a first date though because I couldn't hear him haha
-As far as I know, Four Peaks is really the only big brewery in Phoenix. I went some years back, but loved it!

-This was one of my first ever samplers. Their IPA, Hopknot is delicious! It comes for sale in cans. I can't recall any of the other beers names, but all were good I do remember that.

-The place is huge and you can sit right next to the beer tanks while you eat and enjoy the beer.

-Lots of great merch from glasses and tshirts to other fun stuff. They also have great coasters. Check them out, awesome website
Awesome Atmosphere and Awesome Beer.  Great building with plenty of outdoor seating.  Got the Fish n Chips and they did not dissapoint.
We descended on Four Peaks for a reunion with friends who moved to Atlanta a few years ago.  I think the original reservation we had was for about 20 people.  The group continued to grow and until we were about 40 deep.

Through it all, our server, Jessica, got drink and food orders in and out of the kitchen and bar with incredible speed.  As our group grew, tables magically appeared so folks could sit down and order.  She struck the perfect balance of being helpful but unobtrusive.  

Not one complaint about food, and no one had to wait for a drink.  Jessica did it all with a smile, and I really appreciate her hustle and effort.  Four Peaks has a great system for customer service, amazing beer, and pretty good food.  I will be back, and hope to see Jessica as a leader when I do.
I've always been a fan of local beer - and four peaks seems to be one of the more prevalent breweries throughout the Phoenix market.  If you homebrew or have ever been around someone else when they've been working on a batch then the first breath that you take once you step through the door will elicit memories of those batches.  The aroma of the steeping grains is one of my favorite parts of the Four Peaks drinking (or in some people's case - Dining) experience.

As far as other notables, I'd recommend the Tempe location over the North Scottsdale location off of ambiance alone - though parking can be interesting.  And lastly, The Pitchfork IPA is fantastic.
We went there for Mother's Day brunch. They had a special menu.  I chose the chicken enchiladas with scrambled eggs on top.  Sounds strange but it was fantastic.  I asked if it was on the menu and our server said the enchiladas are but if you ask for the eggs they will do it for no extra charge.  We will definitely be back to test that theory.  The food was good, the atmosphere nice, service excellent.
Try the specials... always amazing!  I really like the carne adovada... but once I tried the specials I have never ordered off the menu again.  These chefs really know what they are doing.  And the vegetables, wow!  How do they make them so tasty everytime?  I think kids would even like the way they prepare vegetables.
Love Four Peaks.  Always packed with people- so make sure to go in expecting that and some difficulty parking.  Fun place to go with a group of friends.  Love the Hopknot- nice strong beer.  The food is always great too.  Nice place for day drinking on the patio!
Maybe it's because I live in the excellent beer city of San Diego, but I was definitely underwhelmed by the Four Peaks brewing company. The beer isn't bad, but the food was less than desirable. The "beer bread" is basically a thick flour tortilla. It is nothing special. The pasta salad looked like somebody regurgitated it into my plate. I took one (small) bite and almost vomited. Needless to say, we won't be returning here anytime soon. On a positive note: our server was excellent.
Came here the other night and were lucky enough to have a cask keg of HopShock IPA!! Wow was so smooth and fresh. Possibly the best beer I've ever had. Cask make it taste so different and smooth compared to draft or cans. Also had the black IPA which great too.
What's to say about this place that hasn't already been said after 801 reviews! It's fabulous! Great beer, great food, great service. They hit the trifecta.

Not only that, but I love that there is a wide variety of people here. Families with small kids, hipsters, college kids, old folks...everyone come on down! No one is out of place. We bring our kids all the time.

Last night I had the salmon blt and it was delicious! Hubby had the beer battered chicken fingers (his fav, he gets that every time). 

All of their beers are fantastic, but I particularly like the oatmeal stout and the peach ale. Hubby LOVES the bourbon barrel ipa but that one is seasonal.

Great place!
we had a great time here.  i really like the casual atmosphere.  they have many tv's for sporting events.  
the beer is excellent!  my favorite is the peach and sunbru.  kilt lifter was my husband fav and my nephew loved ipa.  you can't go wrong here, there's a beer for everyone's taste.  now the food is worth twice what you pay for!!!!  everything we ordered (there were 5 of us) was delicious.  no one had any complaints.  we highly recommend this brewery.
Didn't have any food here as I had already ate.  Tried all 3 of their IPA's on tap, and they were all just ok.  Friendly service, but I came looking for tasty brews.

On the plus side, if you're a mule junky like me, they have Gosling's ginger beer here.  If I had it to do over again, would've skipped the beer and muled it up.
Been coming here for years.  Fantastic beer.  Great atmosphere inside and out.  It's fun to sit outside and see how many folks can't parallel park (me included for the record). I also like that the building has a bit of history to it, with all of the new building in AZ, that can be hard to find.  The other major bonus is its very close to ASU so it's perfect for after and before sporting events.
Having recently moved into the Tempe area, I found myself at a loss for which restaurants faired the best. Naturally I asked many for their opinions and a slew of places were recommended. However I noticed some of the restaurants were disliked by a few people when I mentioned another's recommendation. Only one establishment seemed to convey great reviews across the board, Four Peaks. Naturally I had to try it. 

My first visit, with my parents, was slightly overwhelming. The parking situation is subpar so prepare to walk a bit to your destination. Hardly a bane to my experience though as for the second my family and I were seated, I knew I had gone to the right place. The building itself seems to be the shell of a has-been factory of sorts. The large wide open spaces allow for maximum seating arrangements, which translates into a short waiting time. Servers here tend to be on the up and up when it comes to taking drink orders and providing refills. While I wouldn't call it a five star service, the managers clearly have constructed a solid waiting plan that finds a nice balance between giving regular service and your personal space. 
 
Make no mistake, Four Peaks is a brewery. Through and through. The beer is the number one priority, and boy do they deliver. Being the first timers that we were, the waiter suggested ordering a sample platter of beer so as to try each one and perhaps find a favorite. He was adequately knowledgable about which beers would fit which pallet and within no time at all, we had a row of beer glasses lined up in the middle of the table. All of the beers were good to great. My personal favorite (which seems to be a common choice) is the Kilt Lifter. I highly recommend it and since my initial try have bought six packs of it many times.

A large unfocused menu, to me, typically indicates a restaurant without direction. The lack of said direction often translates into poor food as well. Four Peaks defies my logic as it sports the large menu that dips into various genres of food, but the food actually manages to be incredible. 

The nachos. Order them. You will NOT be disappointed. Blackened chicken, loads of fresh cheese, and a bean dip that'd give any top of the line Mexican restaurant a run for their money. How can you go wrong?

Burgers. Burgers. And... more burgers. I consider myself to be somewhat of a beef snob. Medium rare hand pressed party, a toasted and quality bun, and a stack of fresh tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and pickles. Without any single component a burger can quickly find itself tasting like an overpriced late-night Wendy's adventure. Or in other words, nothing to warrant my five star review. Four Peaks thankfully takes their burgers seriously. Cooked to order and taste a plenty, I guarantee you will not find a dissatisfying burger on the menu. My personal favorite is the Popper Burger (I believe that is the name). Try it, you can't go wrong.

Other dishes I have tried over the several visits I've made since my first have been the fish tacos (very tasty), steak sandwich (not my favorite, but still good), and a salad (cannot remember the exact one, but it was phenomenal). As far as I am concerned, there is hardly a thing on the vast and sprawling menu that won't satisfy your hunger cravings. Portions here are absolutely massive as well. Bring an empty stomach!

Pricing manages to be fairly reasonable for an environment and food/drink service as high caliber as it is. Four Peaks is THE place to go in Tempe. 

Just don't forget the nachos.
Got in right away. Ordered the sampler beer and was so worth it. Haven't been here much but did find the beer I like which was actually a dark brew. The food was so yummy and quick. The waitress was friendly and attentive.
We always expect great beer and great food at Four Peaks but last night we also had great service. I did a quick glance at the menu and ordered two appetizers for my friend and me. When our food was served, the gentleman delivering it noticed our look of dismay immediately and asked what was wrong. I explained that it was my fault for not reading the details on the bruschetta but that my friend was deathly allergic to shellfish. He immediately offered to make us a shrimp free version and cheerfully delivered it to us. No fuss, no muss, just a great example of superior customer service.
I have always been a Four Peaks fan - the beer AND the grub. It's hard for me to ever order anything other than the Taproom Tenderloin Sandwich when I eat there.  Best.sandwich.ever. I've always enjoyed the Kilt Lifter and the 8th Street Ale beer, but after going there last week, my new favorite is the Hop Knot IPA. I'll be going back soon just for that! I have fun memories of happy hours back in the day at the original Four Peaks in Tempe and while I enjoy going to the location in Scottsdale, too, there's something authentic about going to the one in Tempe. I love the true brewery atmosphere and that it's somewhat hidden, tucked back off major streets. Always a winner!
Expect a 30 minute wait most evenings. It is worth every minute. The service is excellent. Food is great. The beer sampler is a must.
Went here with my grandlittle last night, and had the best time. The atmosphere is always great, our server I didn't hear her name when she said it, but she was great. Her whole section was full with HUGE parties and she still catered to our constant need for beer and food. Between she and I, we had spinach dip, quesadilla, salad, and an ice cream cake. I didn't particularly care for the chef salad but OMG the rest of the food was to die for. Not to mention the Peach Ale is beyond amazing. 

I'm already a regular here, and had forgotten how fun it is. Go there. Now.
They were slammed for Father's Day, but once we were in our server Jessica did not miss a beat. Their specials are always interesting and I've yet to order anything I didn't enjoy (especially from the beer menu). My favorites are the taproom tenderloin on beer bread with a hopknot. Portions are large so plan to take some home. Inside is A/C, TVs, and it is loud when they are crowded. Outside is generally much quieter, and though you cannot watch the game the patio has a lot of shade and misters running on warmer days.
The restaurant itself is alright, but the parking is ATROCIOUS! Besides the on street parking, there's a pretty ghetto dirt strip in the back where cars are not even guaranteed to find parking. You're surrounded by restricted lots, it hasn't been uncommon for me to park all the way at University. When you're drinking with friends late at night, a 10 minute walk to your car is probably the last thing you want to deal with.

Back to the food!

Spinach artichoke dip: With both pita and chips it was really good.
Kilt Lifter (beer): it's really hard to go wrong with Kilt Lifter. It'll be average at worst, great at best.
Italian Beef Beer Bread: Fries were those fantastic crispy zesty kind. The beer bread wasn't so much a bread as much as it was a wrap. The Italian beef filling was good, solid for restaurant food.

The price wasn't bad and the checks are split easily. Normally I'd give a 3.5 star restaurant 4 stars, but the parking is that annoying.

Also they card at the entrance after 3. Keep that in mind, kids...
I can't believe I haven't written a review for Four Peaks! I've only been eating here for about seven years. I have my favorite meal and when I have a fav it's hard for me to get anything else so I get the Carne Adovada. Tender with a rich smoky flavor which is really unique to Four Peaks. They serve it with black beans, rice (which I don't eat), sour cream and two big, soft, warm tortillas. It's not spicy but I add some additional kick with some AZ hot sauce. They recommend a Hop Knot which I love but I actually prefer the 8th street with this meal, just a bit lighter. 

Today's visit was very nice, our waiter was very attentive offering samples of the beer, water and checked on us often. Our food came out crazy fast. A woman who I think was the manager came by and checked on us. The bus boys removed our plates quickly. We walked around to look at the building and a gentleman from the back area came to speak with us and gave us a bit of history on the building. 

A great experience. The place is always busy with college aged kids but you can be a *bit* ;) older and still have a nice experience there.
They have a great selection of superb beer. The service is always friendly and prompt. They have really good food that will blow you away considering the college-area, micro brew setting.
Love this place. A++++++++++
Server was great, food was very good,but parking sucked and it was warm and humid feeling inside.  Even though they had fans on it wasn't good enough.  We will not go back during summer,  we will wait for fall or winter.  What a shame because if they had a/c on and front door shut, they would get more business.
Four Peaks gets 5 stars for a reason. Craft beers are so good in their own individual ways. Whether you like wheat beers or IPA's, you can't go wrong.

Another reason for 5 stars... their food is just so darn good. I have yet to have something I disliked. The Margherita Pizza, Arizona Chicken Rolls, the Mushroom Burger, and of course their Popper Burger. 

I am definitely not ashamed I visit Four Peaks a couple times a month.
Everyone loves a craft beer.  Four Peaks has some good ones.  I come from MI so am a little jaded by our excellent craft breweries in our state (especially Bell's!) but I really enjoyed the Kilt Lifter ... and with a name like that, you gotta try one.

I also had dinner while here in Phoenix on business.  The "Tap Room Tenderloin" sandwich was absolutely outstanding!!  I would put it as one of the top ranked sandwiches I have ever had.  After reading many of the reviews here on Yelp, I am tempted to go back tonight to try more menu items.

I would highly recommend.
If  you have a beer drinking friend in town, this is place to take them! Best bar food in the valley, especially their nachos and spinach dip. Furthermore, some of the best beers I've ever had brewed right here local. Kiltlifter is my all time favorite beer and I'm lucky to live within biking distance. Def a killer spot!
I've been to Four Peaks hundreds of times.  No joke, hundreds.  

I used to live at the apartment complex next door from 2005-2008 during college.  

Walking distance brewery with great food?  Match made in heaven (I assume heaven has great beer, of course).  

I've had pretty much everything on the menu, but today (4th of July) I got the chicken strips & a Raj IPA.  Both are amazing.  The chicken comes with a chipotle ranch that is delicious.  The fries at Four Peaks are some of the best in the business as well.  

The only thing that was upsetting is that they were out of the firecracker ribs!  

If you see a special of the day that sparks your interest, get it and get it quick!
Four Peaks is an upscale brewery restaurant. Nothing more, nothing less. 

With on-site brewing of several classics and rotating seasonal brews, if you're a beer drinker you won't be disappointing by Four Peaks. The service is usually reasonably fast, so you won't be left with an empty glass for long. You will have to wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday night, but they can usually get you sat pretty fast.

There are only two downsides to Four Peaks. The food is OK, nothing special. I've had several different entrees, and while they aren't bad, they aren't anything to write home about either. The other downside is their location. They are on a side street in Tempe, about two miles from Mill Ave, where most of the bars are located. Their parking is abysmal; you either have to find a street spot, of which there are usually none, or you have to park in their hardly-lit back lot. Generally, when I'm thinking of going there, the parking is a big limitation. 

Their location is also strange, as it is neither a great spot to launch a night out in Tempe, nor is it calmer than Mill. The ASU "bros" are in full attendance on the weekends, so don't expect to kick back and enjoy your craft beer in peace. At the same time, if you want to get to Mill, you'll have to get back into your awkwardly parked car or take a $10+ cab ride to Mill. Still, they're a little cheaper than Gordon Biersch, which is on Mill, so you may break even. 

Four Peaks is a Tempe must-visit. Plan for the parking and expect a lively crowd and you'll have a great time.
Tasted at Tempe arts fair and came over for more!
We had a fantastic experience at Four Peaks yesterday!  Our waitress Vicky was top notch, seriously one of the sweetest waitresses I've encountered.  We had a flight and food, all was extraordinary.  Next time we are in the area, we will absolutely be stopping here!!
Fun atmosphere, energetic service, and GREAT food.   I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband enjoyed the beer flight.  Only downside... the temperature.  The old building is not exactly air-conditioned, and I was pretty uncomfortable throughout lunch on a hot and humid Arizona afternoon.  We'll definitely be back, but in the Fall when the weather is cooler!
This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Whether for drinks, or food, or both, I have never been disappointed.  The service is always top notch, even when the place is overflowing with people.  I've never had to wait too incredibly long either, even when there are plenty of people waiting.  If sports are your thing, there are a ton of TVs scattered throughout, so it's a great place to go watch the game as well.

As far as the food goes, I've had pretty much everything on the menu, and it's all great. Their burgers, specifically, are my favorite thing on the menu.  As far as the beer, well, it speaks for itself.  My favorites are 8th St Ale and Kilt Lifter, but all of their beer is awesome.  And although it might seem like heresy to order a Bloody Mary in a brewery, theirs are absolutely delicious if you happen to land here on a Sunday morning after a long night...

If you haven't been, make sure and go.  Most likely it will be your new favorite spot.
Love this place! I live a little over two blocks from this place and recently visited to have a couple drinks and some food with friends. I ordered a kilt lifter, my friend a peach ale, and bf the hop knot while sitting outside under the misters, if that wasn't good enough. We then ordered BBQ chicken pizza and vegetable beer bread, both which were phenomenal! The waitress was super friendly and atmosphere was very laid back. Even though this place is kinda hidden, it really is a must visit while in Tempe.
Excellent microbrew menu and the bartenders give great recommendations. I am a fan of the Hefeweizen but I have tried several of their beers and been more than happy. Kilt Lifter is fun to say and even more fun to bring up in random conversation.

Food: Salmon BLT - that is all. The bartender recommended it my first visit and it is so good I feel no need to deviate. 
I come here at least once each time I'm in Phoenix if not more. I also introduce everyone that comes with me...and have been thanked every time. 

The atmosphere is fun and often rowdy but be prepared for a wait as they have been jam packed every time I have come. Totally worth the wait.
food is decent, but the beer is great, Raj IPA
Great Beer, Great Burger, Great Atmosphere.  They do what they do and they do it very well.  Love the Hefeweizen and the Kilt Lifter.  Love the Southwestern Burger.  Parking is not easy, had to park a couple blocks away. Did not love the 4 layer nachos but they were OK.  Everything else was fantastic. Great place gotta try it.
Great atmospher, amazingly delicious food, and great local drinks make the trouble of finding a parking spot totally worth it. The staff is always super friendly, sometimes they seem overstaffed at the checkin desk, but just an odd observation. If you've never tried the icecream cake, you must, on your next visit, trust me.
Terrific food, terrific beers, while it can get crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, the staff usually is able the handle the rush. No real downsides as they have great indoor and outdoor seating options. No drawbacks, just go....
If you've spent any time in the Temp/ASU area, you've probably heard of Four Peaks. As a local, the brewery/restaurant on 8th street was always a common common place to be...and it still is. 

There is not much that I can say that hasn't already been said in the hundreds of reviews that have already been written. My two cents is that you'll enjoy the place and the beer. 

This is by far one of my favorite bars and serves some of my favorite beer. The Kilt-Lifter, Oatmeal Stout, and Peach Ale are all superb. 

Just go. You won't be sorry.
They've recently raised their prices, which drops my rating down a notch. Still, a killer bar/grill and one of my favorites in Arizona.
I recently took my brother who was visiting from out of town to this place and we both absolutely loved it! I tried the Sunbru beer, which was nice and light with fruity tones to it. My brother had the oatmeal stout which had a much bolder flavor with a malty, oat undertone. Both choices were great to start off our meals. We also got the Bavarian pretzels and Four Peaks cheeseburger for our meals. The pretzels were great since they were still warm and soft by the time they brought them over to our table. It's sprinkled with bits of coarse salt, but not overly done to the point where all you taste is the salt. It was a perfect pairing with my beer! I snuck a bite of the burger from my brother and that was really tasty, but huge. Sometimes you really do need a fork and knife to tackle on that burger! Our food was definitely filling. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the Tempe area. What really amazed me is the fact that they actually brew their own beers right in the restaurant. Towards the back of the restaurant you can see all the giant tanks where they store the beer.
So doesn't like Four Peaks? As far as breweries go, Four Peaks has it all. Their food is delicious and they have tons of tables indoor and out. The staff is always friendly and their beers are delicious. 

Overall, There's a reason there's always a wait at Four Peaks. If you want the brewery experience, head here for a drink or five.
Best brunch! A great place to watch a game!
Best place in Arizona!!! Home away from home!!!
For all the talk I've heard about this place, I expected something amazing.  Perhaps it was oversold.  
The boyfriend and I found ourselves with a free lunch hour driving around Tempe when it hit me that we should try out a place that's been talked up to me for ages.  So, we headed right over.
First of all, parking is non-existent.  We drove around the block and still never could find anything that indicated we were allowed to park there without risk of being towed.  We finally settled on parking on the street out front, but had it been anything other than 11 am, there probably wouldn't have been a spot.  
We were greeted and seated immediately, and service was fine.  It's a rather cavernous room with an old warehouse feel to it.  I'm fine with that.  It doesn't seem to be air conditioned, though, and we were relying on heavy duty fans that kept blowing away the napkins to keep us cool on a hot AZ July day.  Probably not the best choice for summer.  
The menu options looked so good when I checked out the website on the way over, but both of the sandwiches we ordered were less than spectacular.  
We ordered the Tap Room Tenderloin and the Salmon BLT and split them.  The combination of bleu cheese, onion straws and garlic-jalapeno aioli sure sounded like it'd be bursting with flavor, but it was undeniably bland.  Neither one of us could even taste the tang of the bleu cheese and there was not even a little kick from the aioli.  The blt was just as sorry.  Where the tenderloin was lacking in flavor, the salmon made up for it and then some.  Someone was a bit heavy-handed with the cajun seasoning and the salmon just came off overly salty.  I don't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo.  
As we were there so early in the day, we did not have a drink, but it might be better to go back with our bellies already full and give them a shot.
This place doesn't need any reviews as evident by the 30-40 min wait periods every weekend. Parking is always a problem which, in a way, is a good indicator of things to come.

The food and beer is great, obviously. I love the peach ale and hefeweizen. But THE FRIES! If you are a fries aficionado like me, you need to taste their beer-battered fries. BEST. FRIES. I. HAVE. EVER. TASTED. 

That's all.
I love it here! They have great craft beer (especially in the fall- Pumpkin Porter) and delicious food. Parking sucks, but it's worth the walk and the wait if you come around 5:30/6:00.
Great beer!
I am torn about this place.

While the beer is great and the food is fabulous, there is always a wait and it is always packed! Not to mention parking is HORRIBLE. I can only come here once every so often because it's almost a pain in the ass to eat here. 

The last time I visited Four Peaks, we were sat right next to a HUGE fan blowing cold air. While it felt nice against the summer heat, my food was cold before I had a chance to finish it all. 

Opt for takeout if you don't like waiting or crowds...
For the Money, Atmosphere, Food & Beer. This is my Favorite Restaurant. It's tucked away near a residential area. It's a secret gem everyone is finding out about. The place is always packed in the evening and sometimes hard to find good parking... but it's because the place is that amazing. ( Some people complain about the parking... ) I'd walk a mile from my car to get a seat at Four Peaks.

I buy there beer all the time at Trader Joes and Whole Foods. I'm excited that they are canning Peach Ale now. 

Everything they make is amazing. You must try the Tap Room Tenderloin Sandwich!

All n All - The place is great and now I have Four Peaks on the brain....
I'm qualifying my review on these grounds: if you like Four Peaks brews, then go - you'll obviously love the place.  If you are looking for a variety of beers with good food, then - as I have experienced - this is not your place. 

Positives: 

1. Service.  Very good: the servers and bartenders are very affable.

2. Environment.  The place overall has a great look and feel to it, in respect to being a brewery.  TVs are on and people are chatting.  A very happening place. 

3. Specialty beers.  Their Pumpkin Ale is AWESOME. 

Negatives: 

1. Food.  Maybe its me, but I do not find the plates very appetizing.  In fact, if and when I go, I purposely do not eat.   I've tried the burgers and many breakfast items in the past; although I don't recall the specifics about each plate, I do know that they left no positive impression on me. 

2. Parking.  Horrendous. Period.

3. Climate. BEWARE: if you go in the summer months prepare to sweat.  Fans (NOT AC) are not on.  It is truly miserable experience; winter, on the other hand, is comfortable. 

4. Variety.  As stated in the opening paragraph, don't expect a wide selection of beers.  They have less than ten, albeit their own.

Overall, I would rather drink a Four Peaks beer at a brewery with a wider selection of beers and much better food.
This is definitely a local brewery that is among the best in not only the state, but a contender in the region. Kiltlifter is one of my all-time favorites, but the Raj IPA is a close second. Also at the top is the Peach ale, and of course in the Fall Pumpkin Porter is one of the best pumpkin beers in the country. 

While the beer is put the brewery on the map, the food cannot be missed. Add some blackened chicken to the nachos, get the southwestern egg rolls, or go with the classic fish & chips and you will go away fat & happy. This time I tried something new and went with carne adovada con huevos. I wasn't sure what to expect, but wow! I was impressed and glad I tried something new. 

The building is big enough for everyone. Room on the patio, room around the bar, and inside, but the one challenging feature is parking. Behind the brewery is very limited. Street parking fills up quickly, and parking in the apartments across the street will earn you a very quick tow. 
Go for the beer, but don't skip the food.
The salmon BLT is so yummy!! Honestly have never had anything like it! It was amazing
I know this is a brewery but no air conditioning in the summer in Arizona? The bear was good the service was okay and the atmosphere was hot as hell and I would never go back there in the summer.
Service is mostly good. Been there a few times, and still don't get that home feel. But, the beer is good, the service is timely, and the food is fantastic! Awesome Reuben!
Fabulous beer battered fish and chips! Good beer and food. Very busy b/c of the ASU football game and the service is still good. Price is right and has a good vibe! Will be back for more pre-game tailgating!
Is it easy to eat here? No. Is it worth it? Yes. I love their Peach Ale. They also have some great goat cheese bruschetta and their spicy thai sauce on their chicken wings is SO GOOD. It's usually a lovely experience to sit outside at Four Peaks and enjoy the company of your friends in the fall/winter/spring months. OTHERWISE in the summer months, don't bother. My friend and I tried coming here in July (mistake) thinking they had air conditioning indoors and we would have just waited longer for a table inside. Big mistake. We were dripping sweat before we even got our drinks. Also, parking is a nightmare and there is usually a lengthy wait time.

Don't forget to bring your I.D. even if you aren't planning on drinking! This is a brewery after all...I've done this on occasion and we've had to drive all the way back home. Oops.
I've eaten here four times and every time it's been delicious. The blackened salmon BLT is amazing, as well as the Carne Abovado. All the brews are great but the Hop Knot IPA is my favorite. This place makes it worth coming to AZ!
Food was exceptional for a brew pub.  Beer was some of the best I've tried.  Service was prompt and courteous.
I have to downgrade a star, because last time I was here - my favorite portabello veggie beer bread has been changed to have broccoli and carrots instead of the artichoke hearts, onions, mushrooms, sprouts and tomatoes. It was very disappointing, bland and definitely NOT what I want on a veggie sandwich. This is the first time I left my leftovers at Four Peaks because the sandwich wasn't worth taking home. 
Altogether, still awesome beer/patio, etc., but really sad about the move to go to cheap, bland vegetables in my sandwich.
I hope I don't lose any friends over this review, I know everybody LOVES it!  And I don't mind it.  It is A-OK.

Full disclosure: I'm not a fan of beer.  That fact will not affect my opinion of the establishment!  

The food really is good.  I've never been disappointed, and there are items on the menu I haven't had a chance to try that I think I'll enjoy.

Service has been so-so.  Regardless of the level of busy-ness, I've seen a mixed bag of friendly, polite, personable servers, and stressed out, slow moving servers.  Bathroom cleanliness is iffy, if you consider that sort of thing. 

My beer-loving friends and boyfriend love Four Peaks for the local beer, and new seasonal options that always live up to the micro-brew reputation.  It is cool how knowledgeable all the staff are as to their beers and pairings, and several of them have even tried to recommend something new to me, hoping to convert me to beer-ism.  

I don't think I've ever been here when it wasn't crowded.  I'd say that speaks equally to the quality of the beer and food, and to the susceptibleness of ASU students who "have to go" to Four Peaks.  Although, if I lived at ASU or close by and could ride a bike or something, that would improve my opinion slightly as I could avoid fighting the good parking fight.  A little walking never killed anyone, but the parking situation here is a little out of control.  

Walk or carpool, try a new beer, pair it with an appetizer, and enjoy yourself.  I'll pop in once in a while :)
Hands down my favorite Bar in Tempe, great location, delicious food and of course the beer is out of sight. I've been coming here for about 6-7 years now and have a great experience every time. Typically, I sit at the bar, just a matter of preference, and the hospitality is always spot on. Their standard menu has plenty of great options, but one of the best things about Four Peaks are the multiple specials offered daily. They usually offer three specials, which are different for lunch and dinner, everything I've tried has been great. They also offer beer to go in the form of bottles, cans, growlers and you can even order kegs for parties or BBQs. So what the hell are you waiting for? quit screwing around on yelp and head over to the peaks for a cold one!
Will start off by saying this would have been a 5 if it werent for so many flies on the front patio. Made me want to hurry up and eat. 

That being said, how come I have never been here before now? Tucked away in a neighborhood, parking is a challenge. The staff was great and extremely easy on the eyes. Thank you to Arizona State being right down the road! 

I had a burger and cooked medium perfect, bun was a brioche type that melted in my mouth. Definitely looking forward to going back again!
What a cool place!  Great beers, good food, and a really neat atmosphere. We were seated very promptly, and our waitress (Jessica) was extremely attentive. I will come back next time I am in the Phoenix area!!
I had a Scottish style brew, and got to try the Adovado and the Chicken Enchiladas.  Both were very tasty, but I really enjoyed the Adovado.  It's chicken that has been slow cooked for hours in a red chili pepper sauce.  Very good, maybe a bit rough on the digestion.  haha The beer was good, and it's obviously a popular place.  The service was attentive and friendly, and I don't recall any of us needing to ask for anything.  Definitely a good place to stop in for a beer and some food. I didn't get to try the pizzas there, but was told they are very good, as well.
Great food, great beer, and it's a Vikings bar! What's not to love?? The beer breads are all awesome as is the fish n' chips. And if your lucky enough to be around in the fall give the pumpkin porter a try!
This is my casual drinking place. A bit expensive, but that does not matter if you are visiting in a group of 4 or more. I prefer sitting outside instead of indoor seating. Outdoor seating is not an issue as by night it is usually cooler and much bearable in Tempe.

Try Klit Lifter and 8th Street beer. I am not much into food when I visit this place.  First time I had Mediterranean White Pizza along with beer and it was really filling (a bit too much actually)
Great service at the bar and at our table! The food was delicious! Me and the bf both got a cheeseburger with pesto mayo and some beer bread!!! Amazing!!!!! I highly recommend this place for a fun Friday night date!
The hop knot is off the hook. Tried a sampler of all the beers, hop knot and porter was the best. Good micro brew one of the best I have been to in a long while.
I used to live right by this 4Peaks and thus, was a frequent visitor.  The food is fabulous!  Sandwiches, burgers, soup, ice cream cake!  Everything I've had was consumed with great gusto.  I can't comment on the beer, as I'm not a beer drinker (I know, I know, so not cool!), but hubby raves about the beer and will happily imbibe here whenever he gets the opportunity.  Wait staff is always nice and the vibe is fun.  This place is super popular, so be prepared to wait.  It's worth it!  Value is off the hook.  Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food and drink.
Food was great, but I got a full glass of ice water accidentally dumped on me by a server. He was very apologetic and who I believe was a manager came by and echoed the same sentiment. When the check came I was prepared to decline an offer for them to comp my meal; however, they didn't even ask. No free dessert, beer, or anything. Now the tuxedos seem a little F'd up! I ended up paying my check and walking out with a rather suspicious looking wet spot in my lap. Stay classy!
Went in on a Friday night with some friends.

Food and beer were good, but the service that night was awful.

My initial experience was with 2 hosts, one of which must of had a pretty bad day because she had her head on both of her hands the whole time, not even speaking to us when we entered or left. 

I paid for my food, and put my food in a take out box. Then I left for the bathroom. When I returned, my table had been busted, and my food was gone and tossed. Feels so wasteful...

I usually don't ask too much in terms of service, and focus more on food, but they really dropped the ball.

2/5
I wish I had more time to sample the rest of their beer. The beer bread sandwiches were excellent. I thought their fries were good, my wife had a salad and said the dressing was very good. There were plenty of servers working the lunch shift and they were all attentive to their customers.

Make sure to try the kiltlifter and the peach beers.
Four Peaks Will Peak Your Interest

The main reason anyone would go to Four Peaks Brewing Company is for the excellent beers. Kiltlifter is one of my favorites with its clean taste and slightly sweet finish. Grabbing a sampler, however is the way to start any experience at Four Peaks. 
The menu at Four Peaks is worth checking out as well, though, and you won't be disappointed with the results. The filet mignon was phenomenal. While it won't win any calorie counting contest, the stout brew glaze makes an already succulent piece of meat into a joyful meal. Everything I've tried at Four Peaks just has me looking forward to my next visit. 
The service is friendly, the orders arrived quickly, and the ambience is perfect for what you want in a brewery; vats. There's always something special about being surrounded by the creation of liquid golds, ambers, and dark magic. You'll start with the sampler, and then be given every reason to come back again and again.
This place is great. This was my second time going in, and my burger was so good the first time that I got the same thing the second time, but with the turkey burger. I wouldn't recommend the turkey burger, but get the Popper Hamburger! So good, with cream cheese, jalapenos...mmm.. I had it with a Four Peaks Peach Ale, which was also yummy. 

We were in a group of 6 and didn't realize that it was Tour de Fat AND an ASU football game. They told us 1 hour wait but we got a table in about 30 mins which was awesome and unexpected. My recommendation would be to not go during a football game...the ASU chants were overbearing for our UA and NAU grads sitting at our table. Needless to say they didn't like when we started a U OF A chant ;)
Who doesn't love Four Peaks?  This is a great place that's good for happy hour drinks and appetizers or just dinner.  The food is delicious every time and the beer is always cold and yummy ! The parking can sometimes be a pain with the tiny gravel lot in the back so it tends to be easier if you just park on the street.  In my giant SUV I find it's easier to park on the street, personally.  Their spinach dip is to DIE for...literally....I'd die. The patio is decent, not phenomenal...the inside though is really laid back, cool, industrial feel to it.  Service is always great whether at the bar or table. I think at this point everyone in the Phoenix are have been here....if you haven't - now ya know !
Never had a bad meal here. Good burgers nachos and beer. The place is always crowded. Great for people watching.
There aren't enough superlatives to say about this restaurant.  It is TRULY AMAZING - food, service, smokin' staff, you name it!  We had the calamari, salmon BLT & fries.  This is my second time here and everything was perfect - again.  All the seasonings, quality of ingredients & attention to each table was outstanding.  Everyone there is in high-speed mode.  Glasses never get empty, plates cleared away & food was extremely prompt.  I haven't been to a smoother operation anywhere - and this place was PACKED!.  Kudos to the whole staff & management, ya'll are food-service rock-stars!
Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly service...  The beer is not bad either.
Try "lifting the kilt!"
Great local brew beers, several to choose from & they have won awards at the Great American Beer Fest in Denver, CO 2013 for their brews. Besides the beer the food is excellent, from burgers to appetizers i always make sure i go on a empty stomach. You can even take some packaged beer home w you. They sell Growlers full & bottles, cans. Fun place to hang out after work & meet friends. Place is always packed every time i've been in there.. Highley recommend to anyone visiting AZ, Tempe or Scottsdale location as well
This place has been here for years and it has been a while since I had been here so I figured I would review it.

The parking is the first thing you experience.  Be here early or be prepared to park on the street with a bit of a walk.  On a positive note...parking is free.

The place has lots of seating so if you are meeting someone there..make sure they give you their exact seating location or you could be looking for a while.


The beer selection is all there own an I always go with a tasty hefeweizen.  Theirs does not disappoint.  Their menu almost has too much on it IMO.  I just want to choose something quick and drink.  I ordered the turkey club.  The club came with plenty of fries and was perfect.  

The pricing I think is very fair and overall the experience was great.
Four Peaks is one of our all time favorites. My husband and son never deviate from the Italian Beer Bread. I mix it up, sometimes going with a special or their French dip which is great. The fries are AMAZING. Do not pass on these!! Pair it with the Hef and a slice of lemon. ..pure heaven!!
Let me break it down for you...

1) The beer is delicious. If it's in season, try the Pumpkin Porter.
2) I've yet to try one bad appetizer or entree. The oatmeal stout shake is bomb diggity.
3) The atmosphere is very brewery-ish. Don't come here if you're in a hurry....the wait gets a little redonkulous sometimes. Also, don't wear high heels. There's lots of uneven flooring and brick.....this is not Scottsdale, mmmkay?
4) Parking sucks big time. Plan to walk a mile or through a back alley. 

If you are from out of town or have never been.....there's really nowhere else better on the east side, or in Phoenix for that matter, to get delicious beer and yummy food.

My recommendations: Kilt Lifter is the local favorite, go for Hop Knot if you like plant-y beers. I'd lop off my own arm for a Chicken Roll (and that jalapeno sauce). Don't miss out on those. Come here for game day....it's a hoot.

That is all.
I was recommended this place by a friend who went to ASU. We weren't super hungry so we decided to share a Southwest Burger. The burger was decent, nothing to write home about but it wasn't disappointing either. My BF got really weirded out by the texture of the chili but that's him. 

The highlight of the night was the sampler. My BF really enjoyed making his way through the sampler and getting a chance to try all the different beers the brewery offered. I couldn't try it but I enjoyed how happy it made him. 

The environment was pretty fun. No AC in the building though which kinda sucked in the hot weather. Not sure if I would come here again, it's just your average brewery.
BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.

The beer is decent. The atmosphere is good for groups of friends (it's a bit loud, but there is a lot of seating). More importantly, THE BEST CALAMARI YOU WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.

Other food I recommend is the Salmon BLT, the steak tenderloin sandwich, the burgers, Cajun chicken sandwich, the Thai hummus, and the pizza.

BUT FIRST EAT THE CALAMARI.
A couple of years ago a friend recommended we try this place the next time we went to Phoenix.  Well, we now travel with an empty growler so we can head straight from the airport to Four Peaks.  Not only is their beer selection great, the beer bread sandwiches and pizza are fantastic.  If beer isn't your thing, they have a full bar.  The only bad thing I can say is that the parking is terrible.
Went to the new spot in the airport. A gate, terminal 4. Friendly, fast service. Our server had great suggestions that we took. Flight was delayed and they had no problem with us setting up camp. The were a bit over staffed... But it just opened and not a terrible problem to have. Had the peach ale, awesome. The kilt-lifter... The fries... Holy cow and the chicken rolls. Different and great. If you have time at Sky Harbor, stop by.
This place has a nice comfortable vibe, a little personal with darker lighting and an industrial setting. I tried the Turkey club and it met all my expectations! As well as their seasonal Pumpkin Porter. I definitely loved this beer, and it didn't taste terribly overwhelming like some seasonal foods tend to taste. 

Great for groups & casual dates I imagine-- went there with my co-workers for lunch and we all fit in two tables. Co-workers tried the Peach pale ale, Bleu Cheese burger (not sure on the name), their signature cheeseburgers with pepper jack, and of course, we added pickles. 

The servers were attentive and friendly- I think someone mentioned this place has manly cooks and servers or something odd like that, but they made their point and I guess I'll agree! My friend frequents this place for brunch- pancakes, the whole shabang, and she loves it. I'm pretty thrilled with the comfortable feel, the beer choices & the food. It's not your everyday boring pub food, that's for sure.
If you're going to Four Peaks for beer, I'd say 4-5 stars, but if you're going for dinner as I was, I can't rate it higher than a 3.  The beer is quite good.  I've tried most of their beers, and I think Raj IPA is my favorite.  The seasonal was the Pumpkin Porter and it fell a bit flat.  The flavor was too mellow and overall the beer seemed too light, almost watered down.

The real reason for 3 stars was the food.  Although we had some nice appetizers (pretzels with spicy cheese sauce were great, as was the Thai hummus and pita bread), but the pizzas we ordered were terrible. We ordered the margarita and the Italian.  The margarita had too much garlic powder, and the Italian tomato sauce was much too sweet and overpowered the toppings.

Service can be slow when they are busy, but our waitress was friendly and pretty attentive.  The dining area is enormous, and they also have some limited outdoor seating. But this is a college town dinner spot for sure, no pretensions of a high class brew-pub here.

I'll probably be back for the beer, but I hope I can find something on the menu better than those pizzas, which were truly awful!
Four Peaks is the big micro brewery in Arizona and for that, a lot of craft beer fans seem to be turned off by it. I say this because while we were at other breweries in Arizona talking about where we were going, several people told us we could skip them because they're the big, mass produced brewery. 

While it may be true that smaller breweries can have more fun with their beer, it by no means says that this brewery isn't good. 

Though it has a large seating area for the restaurant, it also has about 20,000 barrels of brewing equipment visible. It is right near campus so it can either be a convenient place to go if you're staying on campus, or annoying if you dislike the college crowd. We were there during a home football game so it was filled with people, but was not rambunctious. 

We got a sample board and it was a pretty big sample board. I liked all of the beer I tasted. Their IPA and their Porter were both very good.

The staff is also very friendly and prompt. We got to talking about the brewery with our server and he brought over one of the brewery employees. After mentioning that I work in a brewery in Indy, he offered to give us a quick tour of the brewery, which was very nice.

If you're brewery hopping for the day or are just planning a visit to Tempe, don't let people sell you off Four Peaks just because they're the larger of the breweries.
Four Peaks is one of my GO TO places in Tempe. Atmosphere is laid back, local delicious beers and wonderful food. Great restaurant for any occasion- birthdays, groups, football Sunday, laid back date night.

Sunday brunch is a must. The food is amazing and they have the best bloody mary in town.

Personal Favorites:
Beer: Hop Knot or Pumpkin Porter in October 
Food: Salmon BLT, no bacon add avocado, Portabella Beer Bread, Cheese Enchiladas
Sunday Brunch: Breakfast Beer Bread or the Enchiladas and Eggs
Popped in quickly before my flight back to Portland after a great recommendation from a bud. I wasn't disappointed. First, let me say that I would love to come here on a warm, clear Phoenix night and waste away with a cold beer on their patio....Second, their beer is pretty darn good. I'm often surprised that there isn't more breweries in Phoenix but Four Peaks is a definite hit. I had the Kilt Lifter-a must try and their seasonal peach beer which I LOVED. On a recommendation from Yelp, we tried the Calamari-it was different-HUGE chunks of squid, it wasn't the best I've ever had but pretty good. The texture reminded me of eating fried cheese and it even tasted like it! You can't go wrong with a pretzel either-and the cheese dip was great. 

I can definitely see myself coming back with a group of friends the next time I'm in town.
Was in town for just a couple days and wanted to check out the Arizona brewery scene.  Came across Four Peaks Brewing Company and was very impressed.  It was crowded but for good reason.  The beer was outstanding (we did a taster flight so a lot of samples) and the food as well (had a chicken quesadilla).  The best part about the whole experience was the service!  Very friendly bartenders who were attentive, appreciative, and on point all night!  Highly recommend.
Four Peaks is one of those places I rarely go to (and it really isn't all that far from where I currently live & and where I was living right after I moved back to AZ after college), and I always wonder why. I mean, everyone knows how awesome their brews are (I love that Kiltlifter has become pretty much a staple that's on tap at a good deal of AZ bars), but I think the food here is delicious as well and tends to get overlooked.  

The last time I came here I just nibbled on some apps, and they were all delicious. The spinach artichoke is honestly one of the best I've ever had (and spinach artichoke dip is one of my favorite apps/meals so I've sampled quite a bit). It's chunky , yet creamy, and just all around awesome. I'm also a big baked pretzel fan & the one at Four Peaks is delicious. 

When it comes to beer I generally stick to the staples (Kiltlifter & 8th St. Ale), both of which I really like (Kiltlifter is one of, if not my favorite beer). Of course when it's time to roll out the Pumpkin Porter I'm all about that as well!

I also really like the atmosphere here. When the weather is nice the patio is comfortable, and there's plenty of TV's & good seating to catch football inside.
Breakfast burger was so effen good! Been coming here for years. Can't believe it when I ask sheepoles if they have ever been and they say noooooooo!Are you effen kidding me? Got my first hand job in the parking lot for goodness sake! There food is out of this world.
So another of my favorite places! I think its good beer but I'm picky what I drink but I love the peach ale my bf loves their beer though and he is more of a beer snob then i am. This is such a great place to enjoy a beautiful day with a beer with friends! I come here after a indoor rock climb at phx rock gym. They have an amazing amazing salmon blt! Frys are awesome! Service is great! I've never had any problems with the service or food here. 
Only thing that sucks is the parking! Not a whole lot of parking. They have a back aly you can park in but still you have to get there before happy hr or you won't find a spot for at least 10mins plus after you find a spot you have to wait to get in. But other then that this is a fun place to be. great atmosphere great beer and food. If you want a place to bring your out of town friends that love beer make sure to bring them here!
Even though I'm not a beer drinker, this place has awesome food and love the atmosphere here!  Fish and chips, burgers, wraps...all delish!
Love this place. I'm a regular here. Good food and drinks. Especially love the burgers here. Great beer bread too. I recommend the sampler if its your first time.
Great place! Wonderful atmosphere wonderful beer and wonderful food what more is there to ask for?
Every beer is delicious and all the food is wonderful. Another great thing I appreciate about this brewery is the fact that they are child friendly. Our toddler often comes with us and he eats off the kids menu. The staff is always very friendly to us and bring our son crayons and menus to color on. Four Peaks is a great treat in a great city.
The Salmon BLT was GREAT; it was my first visit but so glad I found this place.  Will def try again when I'm back in the area.
My husband's been a big fan of Kiltlifter for ages, so it was about time we visited the source.

We sat out on the patio on a lovely afternoon. The garlic cheese beer bread appetizer was yum--very nice flatbread, so it was tasty but not filling. 

I had the chef salad. Whoa. SALAD MOUNTAIN. It was one of those rare times where the salad was totally worth the money. It was loaded with meat and other goodies. I didn't like the raspberry dressing much and the waitress brought out the emulsified vinaigrette instead. That worked much better. I brought a whole box of salad home.

My husband had the Four Peaks cheeseburger and liked it. The fries were especially good. He was happy to have beer along with his food and bought a growler.

We're not in Tempe often, but this was a good place. I can see why it's so popular.
Yesterday beer battered shrimp and crab pita was ridiculously delicious.  Never disappointed with the food and beer.
Love this restaurant, by far my favorite in Tempe! All my friends and strangers I've mingled with completely agree. Great environment, fun on the weekends, and delicious beer and food! My favorite is the french dip sandwich and then of course pairing it with a glass of kilt lifter. Even the late night bar menu is fantastic. After picking my friend up from the airport we stopped in around 11 and got the best late-night meal. Can't get enough of this place!
Good price, good food, and great drinks! A really cool place to unwind.
Great service, great brews, good food. Ate here two nights in a row while on vacation and staying near campus. The spinach artichoke dip is big enough to serve 6-8 people! Highly recommend this place.
I love this place!  Great food, great micro-brews (that you can even take home), great atmosphere.   I love dining outdoors, and the place stays comfortable in the winter with outdoor heaters and the summer with misters.   I take all my out of town guests here as well as I know there will be something on the menu for everyone and the food will always be delicious and of the highest quality.  Friendly staff as well.
Great food, had blue cheese burger, better half had fish n chips, all good stuff and great attentive service. Beer was really good coplamented food well
One of my all time favorite restaurants!!! I love everything I get here! I have been here several times. Almost every time I get the beer sampler . It's $10 but a good way to taste a little of everything . I have had a cheeseburger, spinach artichoke dip (my favorite anywhere ) , shrimp bruschetta , and the ice cream cake! Don't pass up the ice cream cake! Such a fun dessert and it tastes out of this world . The only con is there is no parking anywhere ! Plan ahead if going to lunch!
I love coming here! The staff is so friendly. The atmosphere is chill & laid back. They have a selection of different type of beers from light to dark. Peach is my favorite!
Awesome beer! Great micro brews. Food was excellent as well. Had the Southwest burger. Very good. Great atmosphere as well.
If I was rating based solely off of food I would have given this place five stars. Everything my family ordered was delicious and the appetizers were to die for. However, the service was so terrible I find myself not going back because of the experience with them. The waitress was probably the most rude I have ever had before, she was rude and completely angry when we decided not to order and beer right away. She practically threw the food onto the table and gave us attitude whenever we ask for more water or napkins. She was horrible! I can say the same for the guy who went around refilling water. They have kept me from going back despite the amazing food. The hostess and security guy were nice though and the patio is lovely.
Had a total blast on a recent trip. Enjoyed the Pumpkin seasonal ale. The IPA was decent too.
What can I say? This place is AWESOME! Great place to meet up with friends for a few beers and chat or watch a game. My favorites would have to be Kiltlifter and the Peach Ale, I also enjoy the pumpkin porter around this time of year. The food is great as well. Must Try's are the Arizona chicken rolls, beer bread sandwiches and the popper burger(bomb!).
Yup, as good as it gets! Amazing seasonal pumpkin Porter (please ship to WA!).

Salmon on the menu, friendly staff, and a nice corner seat on the patio to watch the world go by during another of God's painting, or an AZ sunset.
Giving this fine establishment anything less than the requisite 5 stars would be tantamount to heresy of the highest order. I've been here countless times over the years. Most of those times have involved waiting in line to get in, as well as a loud and crowded restaurant on the inside. But, you know what? It never matters how busy they are or how boisterous the clientele-- they ALWAYS knock it out of the park. The food and drinks haven't been less than stellar on any occasion, nor the service anything but friendly. And, the most remarkable part? The food has ALWAYS come out in a timely manner. It's insane, considering the volume they experience on such a regular occasion. I swear to God, they must have robots working the kitchen they're so fast...

Anyway, the short of it is this: Everything here rocks, it's totally worth your time, and if you somehow are in the area and don't stop by, do yourself a favor: put your right hand up in front of your face, palm-side facing you, and bring your face into your hand... Because you deserve it.
Love this place but the wait can get out of control at times when you see empty spots open here and there while you wait. The staff are very friendly but sometimes when you walk in they think they are a CLUB and card you and scare you away. Other than that great large serving of food and great staff but parking sucks but I guess that's the whole thing about going there is an experience????
Horrible customer service. Such a shame too, since it's normally a good place to goto.
This place is absolutely amazing! 

Truly delicious food and some very tasty beers! We went on week night and it was packed but very quick in service. Boyfriend got the nacho appetizer and I got the Four Peaks Burger and both were outstanding. The nachos were big enough for me to take home as leftovers for another full meal. 

The oooooonly reason I don't give it 5 stars is because parking is a bit tough and it was pretty chilly in the restaurant. I wish I would have brought a bigger jacket.
4 peaks is a gem in this area. The beer will satisfy any picky drinker, and they also have a full bar and menu. The food is upscale bar and slightly creative, which makes for safe and often curious selections. They have a great open outdoor seating area that  even when inside you are able to enjoy- its very open and inviting. When walking up to 4 Peaks, it kind of throws you off because you would never expect anything decent to be around. Places like these deserve the amount of business it generates, they are willing to try it out and it works. Service staff is attentive even when busy. I would probably give it a second try before I jump into a 5 star....enjoy!
WOOT WOOT MY 100TH REVIEW!

Four Peaks is in the heart of Tempe and it's a great place to be. It has a good night scene, and during the day, it has the whole brunch atmosphere going on. It's relaxing without the dive look.

So whatever time during the day or night, Four Peaks is never a poor choice. The beer is good and the seasonal beers are even better. Food is good with fast and friendly staff too.

Love the burgers, the nachos and the chicken tenderloins. You should try the tiramisu dessert too!
I know this review won't stop people from going here, just want management know things need to change. The food and beer are pretty decent. Came a few weeks ago for dinner on a particularly cold night. We were seated at the only open table.. Near the doorway to outside. This doorway was open and it was FREEZING! We were told we could not move tables. Nobody came to take an order, which is funny because we were near the server station to run bills. There were 5-6 serves standing there ignoring us. After 20-25 mins we got up and left. I told the hostesses on our way out. Also they didn't do anything! Very disappointing.
I can't believe my sister almost forgot to take me here while I'm in town visiting! This place is AWESOME. I guess it's not a regular spot for her because its always so crowded and parking is limited, but on a Sunday night during winter break...no worries. I mean, there were still a lot of people here...we were just lucky enough to snag a spot out front.

We were seated at a tall table on the patio, somewhat near a heater and ohmygosh, it was perfect outside. Our server was friendly and attentive, the food came out quickly, and I'm in love with their peach beer! Just like other Yelpers mentioned, the FRIES. They're really good, as was the Garden Burger which had melted pepperjack cheese, roasted red peppers, spinach, lettuce, and tomato. The sweet jalapeño sauce was too spicy for me on its own but tasted awesome on the burger. I like that you have to option to substitute the veggie burger patty in place of one of the other burger versions but lets be real - the Garden Burger has the best topping choices already.

Apparently their chicken tenders are amazing! The chicken egg rolls (umm, not sure what their official title is) weren't exactly what my sister was expecting and she'd probably order something different next time (this brings me back to the chicken tenders), but she still thought they were good and liked the jalapeño sauce and chipotle ranch to dip them in.

Atmosphere, service, food, local beer...this place is the total package! Definitely put it on your "must see" list of places to eat in Tempe!
This place is as good as it gets when it comes to a brew pub. The beer is awesome-some of the best I have had. We went there with 4 people after the Arizona Iron Man in November. The place was crowded to say the least, but we did get and inside table immediately. There was also heated outdoor seating. We did orders of 5 appetizers, which we shared. The quality was great and quantity was huge. The waitress should have warned us that the size of the appetizers was about the size of an entree at other restaurants. The four of us could not finish the food, which did I say was super excellent.  Service was very good considering the size of the crowd. Staff was very friendly. This is one of the best places to hang around when in the Tempe area. Will definitely go there again when in the area.
Excellent Beer and pub food.Great prices and service.A casual atmosphere.What more could one ask for?
Ok...what's so unique about this place?
If you are a big fan of micro breweries and like big freakin tanks carry the beer then you may like the place even more.

It's quite spacious, somewhat expensive, gives feel of a normal bar except for the fact that they you can see big distillation tanks. 
It looks like the place was made out of the unused space from the brewery based on the fact that its not quite symmetrical( who cares).
Good variety of beers and food.
You would think that January 1, the day after New Year's Eve, would be a pretty quiet day at a pub, but I was pleasantly surprised when I came here for dinner a few nights ago.  This place was definitely hopping, the beer was flowing, and it was a great place to watch some important college bowl games.  I loved the look of the giant beer silos, or whatever they're called.  It made the place look like a factory.  I sat at a table next to them and stared at them the whole time I was there.  

The food in this place is also really good.  I had the peach beer.  I don't exactly remember what it's called, but it was just the right mixture of beer and peach flavoring.  The quesadilla appetizer was extremely cheesy, which was nice, but the cheese masked the taste of any of the other ingredients that might have been on it.  Although, the salsa that came with the quesadillas was excellent.  It tasted like fresh, home-made salsa.  My date and I shared the 12" vegetarian pizza, which was packed with toppings.  I'm usually not a big fan of gourmet pizza, but this was one of the better ones I've had.

Overall, this place sort of reminded me of BJ's.  Good beer, good appetizers, good pizza.  This was also a nice place to watch football.  I would have given this place five stars, but the parking situation outside isn't very convenient.  I had to park my car on a dirt lot behind some random building next door.  It didn't feel very safe, and it takes away from the dining experience when you have to worry about the safety of your car.  

I spent about $40 for a very nice time at this restaurant.  I would definitely come again.
The staff here is all friendly!! They know their beer well. I had the peach ale and it was awesome. Nice and fruity. They offer a flight where you can try all their beers on tap. The food is also really good here. Portions are huge and prices are fair. I ordered a Caesar salad and it was enough for four people to munch on. The soup of the day was ham and split pea. It had a lot of meat in it, very hardy. I came with a group of 12. This place is huge, so Its great if you are with a group, they are very accommodating. Really nice brewery, however we were unable to get a tour because we came in the late afternoon. Everyone raved over the pasta salad that was served as a side with a lot of the sandwiches. I also heard that the garlic cheese and beer bread was yummy. Great hang out spot!
Above all things, I love microbrews. Four Peaks treated us well, and when I say well, I mean goood. 

    This layout goes on forever. When you walk inside (past the nice patio area) you weave through, side-to-side, and all over the place. There is so much seating and it adds to the brewing atmosphere. We sat closer to the back, near the actual factory area, where we could have played darts if the mood had struck us. Instead, the mood to have a "flight night" did. 

   We both ordered the sampler--eight beers, roughly 2 pints worth (or a little more) of Four Peaks beer. Before our samplers came out, our awesome waiter also brought us three beer shots of their seasonal beers-- a Poppin' Pilsner, Chocolate Mexican beer, and a hardy Barley beer that was a little much for my taste--but at 12% alcohol content you can bet I was feeling a little toasty after that. 
  
   Along with our beers we ordered food--my friend got the French dip after much debate and loved it, while I opted for the Garden burger with beer fries. The jalapeno sauce made this burger spicy and even more delicious. The Peach beer that they brew, along with the Kilt Lifter, were my two favorites. 

After pigging out on beer and my burger, I was stuffed and ready to go. But you can bet this is a great place to watch sporting events, have a fun night out or grab a casual meal!
Came here last night, and between the pitcher of Hop Knot - which is probably my favorite local IPA and the salmon BLT - it was an evening of excellence.  I'm far from a seafood snob, but I have avoided it for the most part since I moved here from Seattle for obvious reasons.  But their blackened salmon BLT might be my new favorite sandwich in town.  Perfect seasoning, fresh veg and one of my favorite beers to wash it down.  If you haven't tried this sandwich and you're even a small fan of salmon, add this to your list!
This place is fantastic, especially when the weather is nice enough to sit outside on the patio.  The beer selection is good and has some of the more flavorful ones I've tasted.  I had the Pizza and their wings which were good, if not a little pricey compared to most bars, but tasted great.  Will definitely be coming back.
Yummy food!  Even the water was the best I have ever tasted.
We had the spinach dip to start, amazing. For dinner I had the chicken fingers and 
my hubby had a steak. We will be back!!!
Great food/drinks, VERY consistent even when busy! One of my favorites.
What a great spot to hit up on the first night of a business trip!  Even for a Monday evening, this place was pretty packed, and now I can see why!

The service was really great and attentive, without going overboard.  Our waitress made sure our beverages were never wanting.  She also did a great job helping out a member of the group that was not as into beer as I am.

Speaking of the beers, I tried a pint each of the Kilt Lifter and the Raj IPA.  The Kilt Lifter was fantastic, a great example of Scottish Ale, with a great malted flavor and some nice undertones of subtle fruit.  The Raj was a real nice IPA, with the nicely bitter hoppiness that I look for, without being overdone.

Food was also real good, and in more than generous portions.  Great flavors all around that went nicely with the fantasic beers.

Overall - I want to bring Four Peaks home with me, as it is a great establishment that I will make a stop every time business brings me through the area!
love Love LOVE this place! They have such a variety of beers but house my all-time favorite beer Four Peaks Peach Ale! If you are just visiting town- this place is a MUST! The beer is amazing and their food is delicious. Burgers are awesome. My favorite thing to eat there is the Chicken Salad Pita and the yummiest pasta salad I've ever had! The only few downsides are parking can sometimes be an issue and there is often a wait- so get there early! Can't wait to go back!!
Good food.....good beer! And great pumpkin spice beer (if you get it while it's in season). My only complaint it's that it gets hot  inside in the summer.
Everything on the menu is delicious, try the beer sample! The salmon BLT is my personal favorite with the pesto sauce. Their artichoke dip has a different flavor than most that I've tried but very good.
The perfect place to spend an afternoon. Great patio. Fantastic local beer. Good food. All at the optimal price to quality ratio. For a sandwich, try the salmon blt.
Not often does any place get the full 5 Star treatment, but after our trip this weekend to Four Peaks,,,  I had to fold...

BEER - Kiltlifter awesome, awesome awesome.... 

Appetizer - Panko Crusted Calamari - Best Calamri I have ever had.. This isnt the kind of Calamari that you taste only the batter, but nice Strips of Squid that isnt over cooked or chewy, but delicate n the batter is delish as well, but can definitely taste the squid also, and the spicy Marinara was ok, but the Jalepeno ioli or aioli stuff was wonderful as well.

The Lunch - Swiss Mushroom Burger cooked to order /Med Rare - done just right, even asked for extra mushrooms on side (no extra charge). 

We have been here a few times for their Sunday Brunch as well, and everything we have tried has been very good.. My Fave is the Breakfast Beer Bread

Enjoy, n post your findings as well !!! Cheers !
Winter wobbler coming soon. No, you cant get a pitcher and you cant get a growler. It knocks you on your kiester.
So impressed! My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and although we had to wait about 20 mins for a table it was well worth it. The beer was really good and the food was great. Our service was really good too. Can't wait to come back!
Love their beer and the food is great too! Try the Hop Knot if you're into IPAs and the 8th St Ale is a great pale ale. Cheers!
Most amazing burger I've ever had in Arizona, haven't been back since I was an ASU freshman so I never got to try the beer but I'm sure it's equally amazing, get anything here you won't regret it
If you are ever in Tempe, AZ find your way over here. The food is American/Bar food but it is a huge step above your average American/Bar food. We sampled the entire menu and everything was great. The batter for the fish and chicken is straight amazing. The beer bread they use on the wraps is simply great. The wings are top notch. See what I mean, doesn't matter what you order. Then to compliment all the great food are their tasty home brewed craft beers. They have something for everyone. On the off chance you don't like beer, the Bloody Mary spicy or not is a great alternative. The reason I gave this place the five stars because to round out the total experience is the service. I only rate a place five start as when I receive the total package drink, food, and service. Great place, come on in.
The spicy bloody Mary has a pickle and most of a salad and is close to the best bloody I've ever had. The beer bread is like a tortilla but much more fantastic. Order a flight of beers and you get to taste everything they have for 10 bucks including the seasonals.  We'll be back whenever we're in town.  Also a big plus, it's a Vikings friendly crowd far from the home state. SKOL Vikings.
Absolutely LOVED this place. Great beer, great atmosphere, great bartenders who are knowledgable and actually CARE if you like the beer and what you think of it!!! All of them do. Kiltlifter is awesome!!
We were looking for good beer and not necessarily good food but this place has both. We tried the chicken wings and the pita and spicy hummus. Both were very good. The bartender had asked my husband if he was afraid of spice and my husband told him he likes to hurt when he eats spicy. So the bartender brought us out a habanero sauce that's made in house... you have to ask for it. My husband was delighted. 
We will definitely come back! Loved this place on so many levels.
Great beers, great atmosphere, great service.  Just a great place, did I mention this place was pretty great?
A friend who went to school at ASU told me that Four Peaks is on her list to eat at every time she returns to AZ. Since she has well trusted culinary instincts (in my book, at least), I insisted that we try it out the next time I was there...and we have been going every time since!

I don't like beer (even though I keep trying to convince myself), but will never stop me from coming here! The food is absolutely delish! My go-to is the chicken beer bread sandwich. While the beer bread is actually more like a flat bread and doesn't have a strong beer flavor, I cannot get enough of it! They should cut it up in triangles and serve it as an app!! They have enormous hearty salads and other really good dishes too, but I still can't veer from that sandwich- which is easily big enough for 2 to share.

Oh, and how could I forget about dessert? There is an oatmeal stout milkshake that is different, yet oh-so-good, even for those that despise beer (this has been tested out).

If you're ever around ASU- and even if you have to drive a half hour (or more) to get here, it is worth it. Sit on the patio to catch some rays while you eat/drink, or in the brewery to admire the beer being made while you guzzle some down yourself....
A good biddy took me here for some beers and lunch.  The beers I had were pretty amazing.  I'm not a huge IPA fan but they have it all.  The Pumpkin Porter was really good.  The food was really good and can't wait to go back next time I visit the Phoenix area.
Amazing location, the building aesthetically looks great, great staff, their appetizer chicken rolls are to die for, love their chicken sandwich and burgers!
I started visiting this awesome place back in 1999. The first stout I ever drank happened here, and it's still my favorite (I'm an official stout guy). 

The place has expanded over the years, but some things have never changed:

-Great service
-Outstanding beer
-Terrific food
-Fun atmosphere

My faves are the nachos with chicken and any of their pizzas. As for beers, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the oatmeal stout, it's one of my top 5 beers in the world. Also a big fan of the Kiltlifter, 8th Street Ale, and Hop Knot. 

I now live in San Diego (Suds County USA) with some of the best breweries and beer anywhere, but I still make it a point to stop by Four Peaks every chance I'm back in the valley of the sun.
Four Peaks Tempe is definitley a favorite hangout spot of mine for a few reasons. 

Their beers are really good. Personally, I am a fan of Hefeweizens and Wheat beers--Four Peaks Hefe does not disappoint my tastebuds!!! Always hits the spot. Aside from the beer, their food is great, too. Their Chicken Beer Bread is good, and the patties they use for the burgers are really fat and come out super juicy. YUM. I also recommend going on Sundays for brunch. Their breakfast plates are huge and really good. Never have tried their pizzas, but I've heard good things. 

The atmosphere is great... I do love the beer, but quite honestly, it is the setup of this place that has really stolen my heart. There's a large patio out front and the interior is huge! Really large bar (my favorite place to sit) where service has always been a positive experience. The whole place is really laid back and really just a great place to enjoy good beer with good friends. 

The only negative thing I can say is that parking really stinks... usually you have to parallel park along the street. So it sounds like there should be a lot of space, but since this place always draws a crowd, it's sometimes more of a challenge to find a space than you'd think. 

This place rocks!
Almost two years since my last review at Four Peaks on 8th Street.  We did some Sunday brunch on the patio (One of my favorite things to do this time of year)!
Service was great, as always!  Food was delicious! I had the breakfast Brickhouse burger, perfect for when you can't decide between breakfast or lunch.  The beers were tasty and refreshing as well.  Four Peaks is probably one of my favorite places to go in the valley!

If you are visiting the Phoenix area or haven't been to Four Peaks yet, just go.

I will caution that there can be a wait, especially when the weather is good. Parking can be a challenge, but if you are willing to persevere, get that parking space and possibly wait a bit to be seated, you will be handsomely rewarded!
If you love patios, the wait will likely be longer, but the inside seating area is quite expansive if you don't care where you sit.
Lastly, if beers like Miller lite and Bud are in your wheelhouse, then I would suggest this may not be the place for you, unless you're open to trying new things.

Great place to hang out and relax with friends/family!
This place has a gorgeous patio that I could sit on for hours when the weather is nice. It is also open to all ages so you will see a very good sampling of people (during the day at least). You can bring your babies, your grandma or the chick you met last night here, it's all good. 

The food is alright, better than most bars, not as good as some gastro-pubs. People either love or hate their beer. I'm somewhere in the midde, I like their seasonals the best typically.

Parking sucks especailly for Tempe where you are not used to having to scrounge for street parking. It is worth the walk and the wait however, when the weather is 80 degrees.
We looooooooooove four peaks! They have an awesome selection of food, the atmosphere is fantastic and the service is awesome! This is one of our favourite places in the valley to go to! Not to mention there beer is tasty!!! :) goooo now you won't be disappointed!!! And eat the beer stout tiramisu!!! It's heaven!!!! Yummmmm
So married with three kids and needed a date night. I really wanted to change things up a bit to keep things fun. My wife and I like many are partial to great beer and great food. Throw a different location on top thats not the usual food chain and sometimes you get lucky. I live in north Phoenix so this was about a 40 to 45 minute drive. Well after all said and done very worth it. Went on a Saturday night and expected a long wait.... I don't even know how long we ended up waiting. That's because we were able to hang out at the bar and try some beers. Next thing you know we were at a table ordering food. Staff was friendly and punctual. Food was out quick and very pleased with the quality. Here are the bads. Parking pretty limited and it's far from our house. My wife was commenting on how she wishes there was one closer. Wants to try more of the food! Me too.
Great brew house. Had the beer tasting, which was delicious. And the spinach and artichoke dip which was also fantastic!! Huge chunks of artichoke and creamy cheese. Seriously, I'm thinking about it right now.
This place rocks! Cade is a great server. Try the Chicken Rolls! Get extra jalapeño sauce!
We all know about the amazing brews, so I'll  defer to others to expound on that aspect. The daily specials never disappoint, but for me the sweet spot is their soups. Consistently delicious, completely house made, original and created daily.
I don't know what you can say that hasn't already been said. Not only is Four Peaks the best local brewery in the Phoenix area but their food is nothing short of outstanding. Whenever I have friends visiting the area this is the one spot I make sure to make them to. It gets a little crowded (rightfully so) which makes parking a little difficult but you can always find a spot somewhere along the street.
One time a friend and I had to wait 45 minutes before anyone asked me what I would like to eat or drink. It was baffling, like our table was placed just perfectly that we weren't in anyone's zone or someone was just neglecting their duties. It was astounding. We were starving and had a thirst to boot. They were very apologetic when they finally realized we would also like to partake in the foods and beverages that the other patrons partook of. So much so that they comped the entire meal minus drinks. Only time i've ever had a negative experience there after many many visits and it ended up being a good thing in the end cause all I had to do was sit and wait and talk to my friend and they basically paid us in food for doing just that. Easiest 30 or 40 bucks in savings I've ever made! This place is really incredible. The beer is ridiculously good, the food, even better if that's possible. Spinach artichoke dip is a staple of my visits but I've never had anything I didn't like from Four Peaks. God bless Four Peaks. And god bless America.
Had a nice lunch on a rainy AZ Saturday.  The beer flight and food was very good.  Enough variety on the menu for both the food and the beer.  The atmosphere is just what you want for a brew pub.  Will definitely come back.
So it's been awhile since my last visit here.  The parking is Always a nightmare and there is always a wait.  The food and the patio were still worth the effort to come here.  Yesterday we ordered the chimi special and I was really let down.  It just seems now that they are always solidly busy,  they have stopped focusing on providing exceptional food. Bummer four peaks, you used to be my go-to, but things are different now.
Line out the door.  45 minute wait on a Wednesday night.  Cramped noisy tables all with the dreaded Barstool.  

Seems like a good scene if I hadn't been hiking all day.  You obviously don't go there to relax!

The beer was OK.  Their Peachy Lambic was pretty good. The food is OK.  The service was friendly.

Four Peaks wins Pheonix's shortest dress award - that might be a huge draw for some!
Just don't get it. It is croweded, the staff is rude, and the food is not that good. 

Maybe it is because I am over the good ole college days, but just is not my cup of tea. 

The food was ok. The drinks were simple. The waitress was rude and not attentive. It was loud and packed to the brim. No way to squeeze into the bar without someone yelling at you because they think you are taking their spot. 

Parking is just dumb. Seriously, rent all the empty lots around you and allow you customers some normal parking. 

Only go because friends ask.
Awesome place to take out-of-town guests. A great variety of brews and a RIDICULOUS Salmon BLT! All of their locations get crowded, so they must be doing something right!
I enjoy the beer selection they offer at four peaks.The service is pretty good, I do like sitting on the patio most times.The food is okay but whenever I eat their chicken strips and fries I can feel my arteries clogging up so be sure to avoid them if you're sensitive like myself.The parking can be a hassle for most people but I don't mind the walk. Alot of beautiful women work there so that's always a plus.
We finally visited the Sunday brunch! Was presently surprised with the service and the drinks! Would highly recommend it and might just go right back!
5 stars all the way!!! I love this bar!! The beers are amazing, every single one of them! The food is on point as well!!! Highly recommend Four Peaks! It is Also a great place to go with a big group of people!! Cool atmosphere! thumbs up!
park half a mile away to visit a crowded frat party that serves ok food and so so beer. no thanks. live and learn
This is packed on a Friday night! We had to wait for a little over an hour to get a table, we big party. It was well worth the wait! I've been here a couple of times for the beer and the Oatmeal Stout is by far my favorite! This was the first time we came here for dinner. The service was great even though the place was busy! Our drinks came out right away and the food was cooked to perfection! Definitely coming back! My only gripe is the lack of parking!
Busy place on a saturday night but they were able to accomodate our party of 12 within about 45 minutes. While we waited we had some beers at the very large bar they have at the front. Several TVs and not dissapointed the the beer. Hop Knot and the Kiltlifter are two of my favorite brews from this place. 

Food: this is my second time back and think it will be my usual when im ever in Tempe. Ordered the Filet, it had great flavor and cooked perfectly, not dry at all. Had the steamed veggies, which were realy good. They dont cook them all the way so they still have a crunch to them which I enjoyed. For apps get the calamari, they are long and larger than ive typically seen. Be sure to dip them in the spicy red sauce, it makes the app!

Atmosphere: this place is packed. But it doesnt necessarily make you want to turn away. The service is great and staff is friendly. Youre in an older red brick warehouse style brewhouse, its a little noisy but as to be exoected for a restaurant this large. Really great atmosphere in my opinion,  unless youre looking for a quiet date night. TVs are in all directions so its a good place to watch the game as well. 

Overall 4 out 5 stars...its a solid choice in all aspects, but may not blow your mind. Ill definitely be back though!
Update! I found out that you can order the Veggie Beer bread the "old" way and they will make it for you how they used to. Hooray!
A pretty good hangout place. I was there with a coworker to grab a bite to eat. It was a Monday night so we we weren't planning to find much going on. This place had good ratings so we stopped by for some pub grub.

It was actually a little busy here for 9 pm on a Monday. Lots of draft beer options and your typical bar food. I got a burger and a beer. Very in line with expectations. They used a pretzel bread bun, which are all the rage now, and meat cheese and bacon. A little dry but good. 

So I would say pretty good food but more of a hangout place than anything else.
I rolled into Tempe on a Friday evening and my friend told me to meet her here. We met at 6:30 and this place was BUMPIN. Totally packed, inside and out, and LOUD. The place to be on Friday night, apparently. I was told the wait for 2, first available, was about 35 minutes. That wait got longer for people showing up after us, real fast. 

I was starving so of course everything looked good on the menu. We started off with a cheese bread appetizer which was basically pizza when you factor in the dipping sauce. But oh so good.

In terms of beer, I ordered their hef and their amber (seasonal), both of which were good. My friend got the peach ale which I tasted and wasn't too sweet, but not quite for me. She got one more I liked but not sure which it was. 

I couldn't decide what to order and the waitress said both things I was deciding between were good, so she didn't make it easier. I wound up going with the tenderloin sandwich. The filet was fantastic. Of course with the app and beer, even though I came starving, I couldn't quite finish the sandwich as it was pretty large. I made sure to finish the filet though, no way I was letting that go to waste! 

Great place to watch a game. Not so great to catch up and have a meaningful conversation.
Four Peaks never disappoints!  If it's your first time here get the sampler, all the beers deserve a try. My favorites include the seasonal Pumpkin Porter, Kiltlifter, 8th St Ale, & Hop Knot. The fish and chips and chicken fingers are both awesome. We always start with the pretzel appetizer.. Goes great with the beers and the mustard side is amazing. Service is always quick & friendly. I recommend going on a weeknight, but expect a crowd no matter the time you go. It's definitely worth the wait!
We come to the Phoenix area often and I've had the Four Peaks brews at various locations and really enjoy them. But I've never been to the brewery restaurant. We drove up and expected a long wait by the look of the number of people waiting out front but we're told it was only 15 minutes and true enough it was. 

I must say I was thoroughly impressed by Four Peaks Brewery. The service was outstanding! Our server Francesca was very knowledgeable about the beers offered and how they compare to what I and those in my party normally drink. Our glasses were never empty as well. I wish I could find servers like her everywhere we dine. 

The food was hot and delicious and quickly served. One of the managers, Mike, walked repeatedly around the restaurant, checking on all of the tables. Not only did he ask about the food and service but took the time to chat us up about where we were from and such. 

I would highly recommend Four Peaks Brewery!
Nice beer flight.  Some are pretty good and some not.  Food is really good.  Service is pretty good.  On the weekend, expect a little wait but worth it.  It can be loud.  If I was a with a friend, not sure if I would have enjoyed it as much as I did with the crowd I went with.
We came as a party of 7 for lunch on a Friday and it was busy! Fortunately we were seated right away. The service here is exceptional. Our waitress was very prompt with bringing our drinks and food, and even with clearing our table. We enjoyed the peach ale and the Mexican coffee stout. We also tried the hefe. We enjoyed them all. The  peach ale was very peachy. The stout was chocolate and coffee flavored. The hefe tasted as described, with a strong banana aroma and flavor. We kinda felt that the same yeast was used on the hefe and the stout, as the stout had clover and banana flavors as well. Never the less, both were quite enjoyable. The fries are amazing, thick and flaky. We had the southwest burger and the chicken beer bread. The chicken beer bread is listed under sandwiches, but is much closer to a wrap. Instead of a tortilla, it is wrapped in a thick fluffy gordita style wrap. The southwest burger was not too spicy with a jalapeño aloli, and we liked pouring chipotle ranch over it. The burger was a little dry, even though we ordered it medium rare. Over all, we enjoyed the food, drinks, and service. Wish we would have happened to come for happy hour! Looks like beer is a dollar off for happy hour.
Went for the beers, stayed for the Bavarian pretzel with warm beer cheese. You should to.
I was in Phoenix for the weekend and stopped at about 6 breweries total. This was my favorite, hands down. I had a flight of all their beers (plus 3 seasonal offerings) and enjoyed them all. Normally not a fan of the Scottish styles but the Kilt Lifter surprised me. The service was quick, friendly, and the food was amazing. 

I will definitely be coming back to Four Peaks when I'm back in Phoenix.
This review is based on Customer Service only...our group of four was really excited to try this place out for dinner and maybe have a  few beers as we are HUGE craft beer fans we have a craft beer club and often look for new breweries to try because we do field trips with the club but on this occasion we were out for Spring Training. One of our group had his wallet stolen the day before and had planned to just have dinner with us we put in our name for dinner and were told that we would need to  show our ID's just to have dinner. That kind of took us back because we thought we were going to a restaurant anyhow that was a problem because as mentioned above one of our group did not have a wallet or ID either way if that is the rule I understand but what really upset us was how rude the security guard was and also that we saw at least 15 kids and teenagers sitting there eating food with their groups if it is a bar before a restaurant and you can't have anyone under 21 there then so be it but the fact that the same rules don't apply for everyone was the problem. The security guard could have simply said let me get the manager for you and see if they can do anything I'm sorry for the inconvenience etc but the answer was no you can't come in have a nice night that's it. Turned out it was the best thing that could happen to us because we ended up at the Pig and Pickle and it was one of the best meals I  have ever had and the service was amazing. Four Peaks Brewing I'm sure you have a cool thing going on there but I hope for your sake someone takes this as a learning experience and fixes the customer service issue
I was in Phoenix for a week for work. And I needed me some wings and cold beer. I happened across Four Peaks and made the comment to my colleagues that if I lived in Phoenix - and I would love to - this would be my hangout. 

Plenty of outdoor seating and lots of indoor seating. Fast, friendly service and lots of good vibes in the air. But the main attraction and star of the show is of course, the beer. 

I had a blonde ale and honestly could have drank about 10 of those suckers. But I was driving so alas, I had to be constrained. As it was, I knocked back 3 of those along with some wings and some beer bread appetizer that they make 2x a month. 

The wings were zingy and delicious. I got half with the peanut Thai sauce and the other with the hot buffalo sauce and blue cheese dressing. And since I hate celery, got a double helping of carrots. I was not a fan of the Thai sauce at first. But once I went back to it, I loved it. I especially loved rolling the carrots in the Thai sauce. Don't know why. I just did. And the blue cheese dressing had to be homemade. Lots of blue cheese in there and nice and rich. 

And it all went with the beer sooooo well. And man, that beer was perfectly chilled and so damn fresh I felt as if the beer meister (is that the word?) just got through brewing it up. 

On the menu were about 10 or 12 types of beer but since it was hot and I wanted wings, I wanted a blonde ale. It went perfectly with the wings. 

One more thing. I would prefer a little more sauce on those wings but I'm sure I could have asked for some. I just loved the beer so much that I didn't really give a damn about the sauce. 

I go to Phoenix every year this time of the year for work. I'm already looking forward to heading out there next year for my return to Four Peaks.
great beer. great place. staff was awesome. went for a late lunch.  $70 check for lunch for 3 with flights of beer + a beer each.  Lots of great flavors to taste.
Wanted to update my review the GM Steve reached out to me and explained AZ law regarding our situation and also wanted to know the staff involved with the experience we had so he could talk to them and use it as a learning experience. I really appreciate the way he handled this so we will more than likely visit this place in the future ..thanks Steve !
OVERRATED, you can stop reading now that all you need to know.

The food here is completely overrated. I think it's one of those local, established places that maybe had good food at one point, but then got lazy and sloppy in the kitchen. And now locals can't stop raving about it because it's the cool thing to do. Don't listen to that. I've been here a number of times and tired different things and for the most part it is bland a greasy. Especially the beer bread. Also this location has a way of making you feel awkward and unwanted at the door. There is always 4-5 hostesses and bouncers sitting at the front talking and laughing amongst themselves when you walk up. None of which seem to want to take their eyes away from twitter long enough to help you. And the bouncers always have a serious authority complex. And finally it's kind of out of the way, so forget about hailing a cab after a few beers, which aren't bad, but you can get them at any restaurant in the state. Save yourself the trouble and your business elsewhere.
Great beer, amazing food. Parking is the only drawback. It's like being in a real city.
This is my favorite spot by far! I wish I actually lived closer to this place so I could come here more often. The staff is really friendly and super helpful. I had asked to see what hops looked like and the manager on duty was kind enough to bring some over to my table and explain the process to me. She was kind enough to take time out of her busy day to answer questions and make me feel like I was the only customer in the room.  The food is delicious! There isn't anything on their menu that I don't like. My favorite is their nachos! Get half chicken and half beef, you'll have the best of both worlds. The beers are so refreshing! My favorite is the Oatmeal Stout. The beer is amazing! It's smooth and finishes with a hint of chocolate. It's super creamy! I think what I really love about this place is that they're always playing great tunes. Staff is great, food is great, beer is great, what's not to love?! I can't think of anything negative, except maybe the parking can be a bit of a hassle. That's not going to stop me from having an amazing time here!! Go check them out now!!
I was in town for the weekend, and caught up with an old friend here. I had cider (only one selection) and she had beer, and both were good. Nice atmosphere, very lively, and nice menu options. Our server was very attentive, and it was an all around good experience. We went on a Saturday, and only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seated, so not too bad for such a busy place!
Don't say that I didn't warn you, but if you are planning to get that buzz on, get the flight for yourself without sharing. S...t will get you happy, depending on how quick you drink it and how much food you have in your system. From experience with an empty stomach, and beer was my appetizer? Oh it was a fun experience, I'd say. 

I've tried their soup & sandwich. It's it includes a homemade cup of soup and half of a roasted turkey club or roast beef sandwich, and I had the turkey club. Not bad. There's also a soup & salad combo if you liked to eat that inside. Boyfriend got their French dip. French dip is roasted beef simmered in au jus, topped with swiss cheese and served on a hoagie roll. The order comes with either beer battered fries, pasta salad or salad. They usually serve their salad dressing on the side, which I like because I don't like my salad drenched in sauce and eat it soggy. 

Four Peaks also sells big jugs of growlers. I believe they are $15 per, and if you bring it back for refill of any kind, you'll get a discount. 

Great place to hang during the night or day. There are lots of big tv all around. Patio seats are available!
I came here with my hungry team after a competition and although I completely understand that 24 people at prime time is a HUGE party, I did not expect to wait for such a long time, especially after being told that it would take no more than 45 minutes to seat us.

The main problem is...I feel like they didn't even TRY to seat us, hoping we would leave (probably because we were young).  As enormous waves of people spilled out and the lines outside emptied. We were /repeatedly/ told that our table would be ready in 10 minutes, but after another 30 minutes of waiting and the seaters avoiding eye-contact, we still were not seated.

It took us about 2.5 HOURS to get seated, and our party had to be split up.
Also, those ladies at the front podium, get a better attitude. You gave dirty looks the entire night.

Food and beer was fantastic, but it was NOT worth that terrible wait.
One star for the food, one star for the cool atmosphere.
This Brew Pub is down the street from Arizona State so you can expect it to be busy and loud. Parking is limited to the street and only one side of it at that. As I said the place is busy and there is a reason for that. The beer is very good as is the food. We only had appetizers, Bavarian Pretzels, Barrel Fries and Spinach Artichoke dip to help soak up the alcohol. The pretzels and fries were great, the spinach dip was meh. There was a lot of dip but it was just bland. On a whim the Wifey and my daughter got the Stoutamisu - Tiramisu but with oatmeal stout lady fingers. I'm not a big dessert fan but their Stoutamisu is great! We had a flight and decided  our favorite beer was the Kilt Lifter. Good place and if we're ever in town again, I plan on stopping by.
Awesome fries!! Excellent food and fast service. I always have a great time here. Seating is really hood be it outside or inside. This is a must try place.
Nothing like home made beer and steak. Clean positive apnosphere   Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Parking not so easy. Well worth it to find.
Yummy food, nice crowd access it by Orbit Mercury, beer for days!
Meh...I love their drinks but I never go there hungry. Every time I hope the food is good and try something new and everytime I'm disappointed, its always really soggy and greasy...bleck!
A must stop in the Phoenix area.  Sunday brunch here doesn't get much better.  Everything here is fantastic!
Four Peaks is an Arizona classic, with their Kilt-lifter and Hop Knot brands you can always rely on a special brand and taste.  I recently had the Peach Ale, a seasonal Brew with a clean refreshing taste.  Also their food is fantastic, so whether you like to old classic brewery or the new one in scottsdale, Four Peaks is a Arizona Tradition.
"Outdoor seating. Beer Flights. Appetizers and Entrees"

The perfect recipe for a good time out with friends. Some colleagues and I headed here for some connectivity and fellowshipping. The bad is the enormously long waits to sit outside and trying to find a place to park (NOTE: Look for the signs in the neighborhoods, as the majority is permit parking only).

The good.. the service was fantastic, the appetizers were awesome, and the entrees and desserts did not disappoint. I discovered a new favorite - Peach Ale -- was awesome. Not too fruity not to light. Perrrfection. 

The food - oh man - smorgasbord of options. We had the 5 Layer Nachos, Brickhouse Wings, Arizona Chicken Rolls, Artichoke Dip, Salmon BLT (no bacon), and desserts. They were massive and tasty. Oh the Ice Cream cake did NOT disappoint and the Stoutamisu was an interesting twist on a classic.

The service was super solid. Tables were always cleared, water full, and beer on tap. I mean overall considering HOW busy this place was, they really did execute on all aspects.
Great atmosphere at the Tempe location.  Great beer, pizza, and salads!
I went to this brewing establishment to get a refreshing home brew and they denied me service due to the fact that I was with a minor on a Saturday afternoon with my 19 year old brother. I wouldn't recommend this place due to bro like ways and asu alumni stereo types. They have great bar food and a good atmosphere due to good local placement in Tempe but to decline a group of paying customers due to age is ridiculous and I will never frequent the establishment again.
Best beers you can get in the valley.

Kiltlifter, SunBru, 8th Street, Peach Ale you can't go wrong with any of these.
We ordered a flight, stout shake, burgers and stout a misu. Everything was very good.  The beers were well balanced, and we enjoyed all of them.  The waitress was also very attentive to our needs.
Make sure you visit the bar and shoot spit wads at the girl behind the glass wall. funiest thing ever. great 20 something to 30 desparates on the scene. little young sometimes but still holds down a lively atmosphere.
Needs to turn on their fans for lunch dining area because its super hot in Tempe area. Overall, i like the music atmosphere is amazing. Customer service was okay but lunch rush hour was busy. Love the burgers! :)
Only stopped in for one drink, but like it enough to return to try the rest out!

The atmosphere was great, you might have to yell a little bit to be heard, but that's part of the thrill of coming here. 

I ended up with a seasonal brew called Odelay! which is a delicious mexican chocolate ale. If you're worried about too much sweetness, then there are no worries with this brew. Get it if you are looking for a solid dark ale. 

Sidenote - Had I seen it, I would have gone for the beer sampler that they had. There were a ton of beers on the wood board and it looked delicious!

My partner had the Raj IPA. For those who don't drink IPA often this was a smooth one. Had a little kick, per usual of the brew, but a nice introduction to what standard IPA's taste like. In addition, the appetizers were good, but I personally found them a little flavorless. Don't get me wrong though, they were FILLING. The calamari and the spinach dip were rich, and we felt pretty full after trying both of them. A little more salt wouldn't hurt though. 

This place loses a star for the service. Everyone was friendly, but our server was fairly unattached to our experience and stopped by three times total. 

Stay tuned. I'm definitely heading back.
I came here for a quick bite and a beer. It was pretty busy but my server was on point. I had a seasonal brew...a cross between an IPA and a wheat. It was delicious!  I am also a fan of fruit beers so I tried the peach ale. This one was not so good.  It tasted almost like flavored water.  Pretty odd.

The food was great. I had the Chicken wrapped in Beer Bread. Yum!

I will come back here again if I find myself in Phoenix.
The beer was delicious (The Peach was my favorite), the food was f*#!ing amazing (we had the shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta for an appetizer and the Salmon BLT), and our waiter was super cool and very good at his job (we had Jesse...what a badass).  It was the best experience I've had at a brewery in a long time.  I will be visiting this place every time I'm in town.  This is my new spot!
I cannot stray from the Chicken Enchiladas. I try each time, but they have sucked me into the vortex of yum. I cannot see past them on the menu.
Parking sucks, but that is to be expected in Tempe, especially an area that was not made for visitors back in the day. 
Patio is awesome, staff is nice and they do not exclude children from interactions when at the brewery. They just do not serve them beer. 
My kids wants to add that any hamburger you get is good, but mostly the Four Peaks Cheeseburger with added bacon (I would not know- Chicken Enchilada Girl).
A great, hidden gem.  Our friends introduced us to this place and we loved it!  Food is yummy, beer is great, atmosphere and patio seating are awesome!  Main downside is the location and parking, but definitely worth the walk if you end up having to park far.  

I had the Hef which was delish and the Portabella Veggie Beer Bread which was so fresh and filling.  It was so good, but I couldn't even finish it!  Will definitely be back again!
I love the beer!
I find the food to be also good, but nothing panty-droppingly good.
Of course it's about the beer first. Cannot lose with a Kilt Lifter. Good pub type food. Fun atmosphere. Great place for a good time.
This is the most rude, condescending, disrespectful place one could ever imagine. The uneducated, arrogant people at the entrance should be fired! I have been there once and it was more than enough for me. Tonight my daughter 'attempted' to go there (her date chose this horrible place, and they were rudely turned away because 'her parents are not with her'...she is 20 and her date 23, they were going there as if they were going to Gordon Biersch or any other restaurant and were solely going to dine NOT to drink (obviously decent restaurants do check ID if a patron orders alcoholic beverages, this dump apparently refuses ALL service to law abiding young adults without even knowing if they even drink or not!) Nonetheless, the imbeciles at the entrance refused them entry. Instead, they ended up at Oregano's where the service, ambiance and cuisine are far above this dump of a place. Thank you for turning them away, you have just lost a remarkable amount of business!
Love the beer, and the food and service is amazing too! Great variety of food at a very reasonable price.
It should be no surprise that Four Peaks is getting a stellar rating from me. This is a staple in the brewery/restaurant scene for Phoenix. 

The Girl and I were meeting up with a friend. He wasn't going to be ready for awhile, but we were hungry! So we headed out a little early. It's a good thing we did, because there was a wait. It was actually one of the less busy Friday nights I've seen, but a wait is typical on a busy night. The wait is made significantly better by the fact that you can go in and get your drinking started by ordering from the bar. There's one little spot where people waiting usually order, which can be annoying because it gets backed up. But there are plenty of bartenders to get everyone served, and the TVs all around help pass the time too. After a little while (maybe 20 minutes, maybe a little more. I lost track) we got seated outside. We sat outside on the patio, which is always my preference. When the weather is nice it can't be beat. Plus the inside gets a little loud for my tastes.

The Girl ordered Kilt Lifter. I went for a specialty beer they brewed up: a white IPA. It was excellent. I like beer in all it's many forms, but The Girl does NOT do IPA's. She took a sip and didn't even wince. The simplest way to describe it (and this doesn't even come close to doing it justice, but I'm trying to keep this review to a manageable length) is to imagine if your favorite Hefe and your favorite, medium-hopped IPA had a sweet, tangy, and citrusy little baby. I stuck with the white IPA for the whole night.

We were waiting on my friend, so we ordered the Arizona Chicken Rolls to start. This really is a requirement when you come to Four Peaks. The menu is great overall, but the Chicken Rolls are hands down my favorite item on the menu. The "sweet jalapeño dressing" is perfect - a nice blend of sweet and spicy. I always order an extra serving of the dressing because I use so much of it. It's $8 for two rolls, and I'll sometimes make a meal of just this alone. Okay, I'll stop gushing now...

We waited as long as we could, but ordered just before our friend got there. The Girl ordered the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich ($12.5) with fries. She also had them put the onion straws and bleu cheese on the side. I was not feeling the typical sandwich and fries pub food that night, but Four Peaks did not let me down. On their special nightly menu (a few extra special dishes that are one night only), they had a perfect meal: a cherry wood smoked ribeye topped with poached eggs, served with cajun cream cheese mashed potatoes and grilled squash. The Girl enjoyed her sandwich, although she was very glad she ordered the onion straws and cheese on the side - there was a lot of it! There was a lot of bread (which is typical) so she didn't eat all of it. My ribeye was outstanding. Ordered it medium rare (like you're supposed to) and it came out perfect. Melt in your mouth excellence, and there was lots of smokiness to it which I really enjoyed. The mashed potatoes had just enough kick to make them feel special. I was a bit underwhelmed with the grilled squash, mostly because  the slices lacked any seasoning that I could taste. If you've got a dish with strong spice (from the potatoes) and lots of smokiness (from the steak), then plain-jane grilled veggies ain't gonna be quite enough. Just a little bit of salt and pepper helped a lot. I was definitely full and satisfied by the end of the meal.

Eventually our friend did come and we had an enjoyable evening. The waitress was attentive and nice. She was very patient and still attentive despite the fact that we sat for quite a while waiting on our friend.  

If you are at all interested in craft and local beers, then this place sets the standard for Arizona, in my opinion. There are lots of really great places popping up, but it's inevitable to find myself at another brew pub saying, "Well, it's not as good as Four Peaks" about something. Not everything, but  something. Four Peaks gets high marks in every aspect of the experience: atmosphere, wait staff, beer quality, food quality, and price point. If you haven't been to Four Peaks, you are missing out on a quintessential Phoenix spot. Go now!
Food is great, environment is great, and the beer is you know... Great!
Everything is delicious.  Hop knot IPA is the best and the Italian beer bread sandwich!
I've heard about this place for years from coworkers when they go to the Tempe area so I had high expectations.  The chicken enchiladas were great. I tried to ask the waitress a few questions about the beers but she couldn't answer and/or didn't care...not sure which so I gave up and decided to try the peach beer. It was good but not great. I would definitely go back and hope for a better waitress.
This place has some of the best beer in the valley. Typically when you are really good at making beer the food just kind of is what it is. At Four Peaks the brew is excellent and the food might be even better. One of the best places to eat and or drink at in Arizona. 

Cheers!
The Good

Service was impeccable. You get your ID checked in the middle of the day, so you know they're serious about a dining experience for grown-ups only. Waitress took my order right away. Food was fresh and ready at my table incredibly fast. Unlike their Scottsdale location, my fries weren't tough and my bread didn't seem stale. They are efficient and stylish.

The Bad

Criticism still stands regarding a very unadventurous menu. It's for the most part very generic bar fare that has no go-to dish that screams "wow, we're unique!" You could at least have something that rotates like your brews do. Talking up beer pairings doesn't make up for that. Also, parking blows, but why are you driving here anyway? 

I know I sound really critical, but that's because I don't want the face of a local brewery to be some stick-in-the-mud on a culinary level. I don't necessarily get excited about this place, but service and atmosphere were outstanding, so my rating has to reflect such great management.
TEMPE, AZ: Four Peaks is the most reviewed, most revered destination restaurant by anyone needing a watering hole in Phoenix (and by the way, everyone in Phoenix needs a watering hole).  I tried two things from the late night menu that are most famous.

Ambience and Service(4 star): They were very friendly and very chill, typical for a good bar.  The beer operation is mighty in here and you can see it behind the bar.  Lots of tables and patio dining.  Very low key, very casual.

FOOD

Chicken Rolls (5+ stars): Unbelievable.  Like an amazing spring roll with warm spiced finely shredded chicken and cream cheese on the interior, served with a sweet jalapeño cream dipping sauce.  I could feel the dopamine surging in my happy brain with every bite.

Nachos (5 star): Also awesome, these nachos have been ranked as among the "Top 20" Nachos in the United States.  They are made by the blackened chicken they put all over them.  It's moist, delicious, and tender with a lot of flavor, packed with the abundant cheese and beans/jalapeños/cream on the side to keep the integrity of the nachos until you pour it all over the top.

Head on over!
The food is mediocre and so are the drinks. I don't drink beer but this seemed so popular. Worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service. My food took forever only to find out it had been given accidentally to another table who ordered the same thing. And had recently arrived. It happens,  but my waitress didn't seem apologetic and my food didn't get to me until over an hour after I arrived. I had ordered their garlic cheese bread which was just a thin crust cheese pizza with no pizzaz. 

I really wanted to avoid heading to Yelp about my awful experience as I contacted them directly two weeks ago right after my experience. Needless to say I got no reply, no apology, nada.

Will never go back.
Four Peaks is an example of a place that DOES live up to the hype surrounding it. I recently visited and ordered their famous chicken roll and beer batter fries. The chicken roll is delish, and the sweet jalapeño sauce that comes with it really completes this dish. It's filling. I could only finish one of the two rolls during my sitting. The fries are awesome too. I ordered them with some sort of smoked chipotle sauce. Good choice, perfect match. Our server was sweet, and I really enjoy the overall atmosphere and vibe. Five stars for Four Peaks.
I am enjoying the special of seafood curry. It is one of my favorite meals to try at different places and I wasn't disappointed. I will definitely be back. Good food and good service.
Very good beer and very good food! Service was great, don't get intimidated by all the people outside, the place is huge on the inside. Seems more like a young, college bar-scene, and we took our parents there and they were glad we went with them or else they wouldn't have gone in. There were vegetarian options. If I'm in Tempe again, I will for sure come back!
I really like the food here! The beer is decent, and the atmosphere is fun. Ambient lighting inside, some seating outside (although I've never eaten outside). Burgers are good, I like the Southwest Burger the best, nice combo of sweet and (somewhat) spicy. For appetizers, don't skip the spanakopita. It's delicious!
Their beer is consistently good. Not great, but I'm never disappointed and it's a good fallback brew co. The appetizers seal the deal for a quick lunch & beer, but the portions are always so large. 
Love the environment. The servers can be a bit quick and to the point when it's busy. Might come off as rude sometimes, but they're always helpful and attentive. 
Overall, it wouldn't be my first choice but it's always a good choice.
Great place for a weekend night with with guys. It may be fun for a first date, although I think it's too noisy and not private enough for that.
Their beer is consistently good. Not great, but I'm never disappointed and it's a good fallback brew co. The appetizers seal the deal for a quick lunch & beer, but the portions are always so large. 
Love the environment. The servers can be a bit quick and to the point when it's busy. Might come off as rude sometimes, but they're always helpful and attentive. 
Overall, it wouldn't be my first choice but it's always a good choice.
Great food, atmosphere and beer...great prices as well!!! And it's great for big groups!
Best hangout spot around tempe. The beer, food and ambience is great. Try French fries and peach ale beer.
I think that this is basically your typical brewery restaurant ... nothing special that can be raved about. I'm not much into beer but have tried a few from their selection - the Hefeweizen & Sunbru are two I've liked. As far as the food goes, after going there a couple of times now and having tried a burger, some of their appetizers, and the fish & chips, I'd have to stay that if I go back, I'll stick to the fish & chips! I tried the popper burger made which chicken breast & it was extremely huge & messy/hard to eat. The fried onions were really oily & the chicken wasn't grilled well so it ended up being really dry. Their nachos & spinach artichoke dip aren't bad.

Keep in mind that at this location, parking is a little bit of a pain. They don't have much of a private parking lot so you'll have to find street parking. Plan on taking a little bit of walk to the restaurant because it's almost always ridiculously busy. Additionally, if you're going there as a group, they don't take reservations and require at least half of your party to be there before you can be added to their list to get a table. Even though they're busy, I do have to note that every time I've been there, the service was good and they were accommodating and offered to do separate checks if we wanted.
Awesome little brewpub I went by while in town for work. Was a little surprised (in a good way though) how busy it was for a Monday night, especially considering I didn't get there til nearly 9pm, but was glad it added to the "festive" atmosphere.

Some very good offerings on tap that they brew and the service from my bartender was very good (even if she did tell me the wrong order to drink my flight of beers). 

Food was pretty tasty as well and didn't take real long before being brought out.
This a must stop for folks when they come to AZ and the phoenix area.

Awesome beers that are sold everywhere (Kilt lifter, oatmeal stout) and great seasonals (pumpkin porter).

All food is great, pizzas, fish, sandwiches. I usually get whats on special and it never disappoints (ie: duck confit sandwich)

Place can get crazy since its next to ASU campus but that's part of the fun as well. It is also in an odd location it just kinda pops up on you.

Parking blows but you get over that after a few beers.
I love their selection of beers, and the artichoke dip is highly recommended. Never really had the opportunity to order an entree, so hard to speak to that. This place is the ultimate hangout at Tempe and is often crowded at all times of the day. Service is always as efficient as it can get in an atmosphere that busy.
I ordered a peach ale and it was gooooood. I should have gotten a growler but I didn't. So I'm regretting my life choices right now. It was a light beer with a sweet subtle flavor of peach. When you get a mouthful, the peach isn't overpowering and the body is light. It is definitely something I would want to drink all the time. Well done, Four Peaks, well done. Claps for you (:

I also ordered the garden burger. It was topped with pepper jack cheese, spinach, roasted red peppers, and a jalapeño sauce. It was soooooo good too. I shoved everything in my mouth. It fell apart in my hands and the juices were dripping down to my wrist but I didn't care. I was too busy devouring one of the best vegetarian burgers I have ever had.

If I'm ever in Phoenix again, I will definitely come back here and get a growler.
Went on a Saturday evening and didn't have much of a wait. Sat inside which gave a great behind the scenes look of the brewery. 

Great service by an attentive waitress. Waters were immediately refilled without asking and she checked on us an appropriate number of times to make sure our food was as ordered and to see if we needed more beers. 

I ordered the peach beer which was light and crisp, almost like a cider. Very easy to drink and not super filling. The person I was with got the sampler ($10) which gave about a 4 oz portion of each of the 8 beers. He then ordered a sunbru to go with his meal. 

Food was pretty good as well. I got the chicken beer bread sandwich with a side salad. The beer bread is awesome - soft, chewy, and flavorful. The chicken was juicy and the addition of the artichokes and mozzarella was a yummy combo. However, I was looking forward to the cucumber sauce being like a greek tzatziki but it was pretty bland. The side salad was nice and fresh and the homemade balsamic was delicious!  He got the salmon Blt with beer fries. Fries were crispy but a bit under seasoned. Salmon Blt was great. Flaky salmon and crispy bacon but the star of the sandwich is the multigrain bread. 

I would definitely return here!
The food left much to be desired, particularly the nachos. I've made much better nachos at home. The Reuben was pretty good, to be honest.  This place was packed inside, so the outside seating was a nice reprieve. The beer is great, of course, and it's fun to people watch. Parking is a complete pain, but this is near ASU after all.  I'll probably be back, but only because my friend likes this place.
Since moving to AZ about 9 months ago, I had their beers on tap at other bars. The RAJ IPA became my go-to, so I was excited to try the restaurant itself. I hadn't been to a Phoenix area brewpub yet, and I couldn't have been more pleased. It was a nice happy hour patio outing. We only wanted to get beers and split appetizers, and the server was accommodating and attentive. I went for the Hop Knot IPA. It's probably the best AZ IPA I've had so far -- and I had been craving a hop head fix -- with light citrus notes and a refreshing bite at the end. My friend went for the Peach Ale, which she claimed to love, and I could see why. I normally can't stand fruit or sweet beers, but I would be happy with a glass. It's not too sweet, and it has *notes* of peach, not a full on peach assault. As for the food, I would love to go back and try an entree. The Thai hummus we split was delicious -- creamy with a few chunks, and the right amount of spice to quench with their well crafted beer.
It was awesome! I see why it had such high reviews. Our waitress Danny was very attentive, knowledgable, and nice. We ordered the peach ale and my fiancé ordered the kilt lifter, 8th street, and the raj he liked them all. The food was delicious I highly recommend the shrimp bruschetta and the pub fish and chips. We also got the spicy garlic fries. It was all so delicious. We look forward to going  back.
I came here with a friend for drinks and appetizers before a night out on Mill Ave.  I have to say, for being in such an unusual location, this place is packed!  With a huge outdoor patio and even more seating inside the warehouse style brewery I can't imagine you'd have too much trouble finding a place for a small party to sit on most nights.

We ordered a pitcher of the Kilt Lifter, which seems to be famous down here in the Valley.  I can see why it won so many awards!  It has a great malty caramel sweetness and is very smooth.  It would be a great pairing with one of their burgers.  I also enjoyed their 8 Street Ale for those interested in a lighter beer.

We also decided to start with some of their Arizona chicken rolls, as my friend had all kinds of recommendations from friends to try them.  I couldn't believe how big these things were!  They're basically small fried burritos stuffed with chicken, anaheim chiles, and cheese.  The sweet jalapeño dipping sauce it comes with is ridiculously good!  These are best split amongst 4 people.

We both loved the atmosphere and can see it being a great place to catch a game or simply enjoy some great beers on the patio.  Next time I'd like to do their beer sampler.
Best place for beer, pizza, and wings! Love the atmosphere and the food is delish. Besides pizza and wings everything else I've tried before has always been very good. Oh and the homemade beer is the best part :)
One of the oldest local breweries in AZ, I love this place.  Their food is great, the AZ Chicken Rolls and jalapeno aioli are amazing, the carne adovada is awesome, be sure to get the fried eggs...  And of course, the beer!  Hop Knot will forever be one of my favorites, and the cask-conditioned Hop Knot is probably the best beer I have ever had.  Their oatmeal stout is one of the best stouts around.  Also, SEASONALS!  Seasonals are the best, from Pumpkin Porter to Hop Squatch to Short Hop, I love them all!  Oh, parking's a B*#CH, so stretch your legs and enjoy the walk from the bus stop you'll probably park near.
Good beer, good service and good food.
Usually have to wait but it's always been worth it. 
Food comes really quick.
Loved every beer on the flight! Homemade pretzels w spicy mustard and edemame, yum! Had a great time visiting family and found many places I love in and around Tempe :)
This place gets busy and with good reason it is very good. Great selection of beers! Our service was awesome even though the place was packed full. Had the fish and chips and it was very good and were the wings. Bathrooms are kinda lacking but thats minor in the over all picture. Huge outdoor patio is also available. Will be going here as often as we can!
My friends and I stopped in to Four Peaks for dinner Saturday night after attending an event at a much-less appealing food-wise beer bar. I'm so happy we did - I'd honestly forgotten just how much I love this place. Granted, school is out so we are able to park reasonably close and actually get seated right away - however even if we didnt, i'm sure we still would have had a great experience. Our waitress was just wonderful, she was so friendly and attentive. We had all the seasonal beers - the Red, the Saison and the amazing Short Hop and Double Knot. I really wish Double Knot was available in stores, that is one amazing brew. Our food was equally delicous - we actually tried the new calamari app and were in LOVE. We'd all been to San Diego together last year and honestly the dish was prepared so well it reminded us of the calamari we had right on the beach in SD. Really great - we also had the Italian Beef, French Dip (Prime/Irish) and the Salmon BLT. Everyone loved their meals and of course the beer-battered fries that accompany them are excellent as always. This is a brewery that is run like a restaurant but with amazing beer - really a great place and its no wonder there are now 4 locations in the Valley.
Great beer, nice staff, and pretty good pub food (I kinda love their spinach dip). This place gets super busy for a reason. I LOVE the peach beer. Kilt Lifter and the Hop Knot IPA are great, too.
It goes almost without saying, that for a brewpub... Four Peaks has it down. Food menu, beer pairings, and service is always consistent and very good.
It's a massive jam jar full of delicious, hang over fixing, spicy, beery, Bloody Mary. It's topped with a pickle, olives, lemon, lime, sausage links and a damn breakfast sandwich. It's brunch, it's a snack, it's fucking amazing. I saw it sitting next to me, and I blushed like a virgin.

On a Sunday early afternoon, the place was lively and full of happy brunch folk. Great atmosphere for beers and food and watching whatever sports you like on tv. Everyone behind and around the bar was friendly and engaging in conversation, pretty much everyone felt like a friend. 

I would totally come back! Again and again and again...
Four Peaks in Tempe is kind of located in a strange place. Next to Uranus Recording Studio's owned by Robin Wilson of The Gin Blossoms, it's nicely hidden away in a suburban street. Lot's of outdoor tables and has a unique vibe to it, especially since it's not bogged down with tons of bars and business right next to it. 

I honestly come here for food more than the beer. Don't get me wrong, the beers are great, unique, and good in variety! But the food here to me is out of this world! You would see me here eating their food with water before you would see me putting away beer. Portions are usually pretty big, so keep that in mind. 

There's almost always a wait to be seated. The servers have overall been on point, with 1 bad experience from a server. I will say that was just a really random experience because it's never happened again. 

Also is great in terms of cultural diversity. Lots of ASU transfers and students from out of the country come here. There are a lot of Indian and Oriental students that visit depending on the time of year. I have had some great conversations with some people. Easy way to get some insight about their culture! 

Long Story Short: Come for the food, stay for the beer and diversity of people. Expect a wait. Drink responsibly.
Best brewery in town and most popular. Parking straight up sucks. I usually park in the back behind the warehouse, but most likely you will be parking far away. All the beers are pretty famous already, but I specifically love the saison they have. They only have it on tap at the brewery. So it's a great treat for me when I go because they don't sell it any other way. Another favorite seasonal beer is the pumpkin porter, it's amazing! If you get the chance to grab one, grab 2 or 3 and a six pack. Food is really awesome here too! Never have been disappointed, and the staff is very accommodating and friendly. I  home brew my own beer so I love the warehouse atmosphere here eating and drinking while watching them make beer and staring at the huge conical fermenters. Everyone that's visits Tempe, must visit this unique brewery.
That I would find such a phenomenal brewery nestled away in Tempe, I'd never guess.

I rolled into Tempe over one blistering weekend to undergo orientation for an upcoming summer job. We walked "downtown" the first night to explore the two or three blocks of action to some disappointment. Sure, it's a decent college town, but nothing was particularly unique about the offered venues.

Our next and final night a like-minded friend scoured the area for local breweries and unearthed this gem. Thank god we waited until after sunset to make the mile and a half slog or we may not have been able to enjoy the incredible offerings of Four Peaks.

Small disclaimer: we only ordered the beer, but we literally tried all of them - a flight plus the seasonals, the latter of which were offered us free of charge after we displayed some interest in knocking off the whole sudsy menu.

First, the flight glasses are a good size. I've been to breweries where you're lucky to get an once, but they give you quite a bit to mull over with each sample at Four Peaks. They even have custom wooden tablets that they serve the drinks on, showing a confidence in their menu that is well-earned.

There was not a miss in the whole bunch. One or two I'd be hesitant to order a pint of, perhaps (particularly the stout in summer), but nothing that I wasn't happy to try a second sip.

The star of the show was the Peach Ale. It tastes like a commercial would read: crisp, refreshing, takes the edge off those hot summer days. The peach flavor is clear and accommodating without being overpowering and my friend and I each ordered two more pints after the flight was through. I seriously considered grabbing a growler to dazzle my friends back home, but the cost of the growler - plus the fact that I would be shelling out another $25 for a check-in bag I didn't need on the way over - proved too much.

If the beers alone didn't earn 5 stars (and they do), the management would. We had a few questions about the floral notes of one of the beers, and on asking to speak to a brewer, the manager came over to answer our questions. I wish I hadn't waited so long to write this review as his name now escapes me, but I'm thinking...Jeff? Four Peaks, if you're reading this, he was managing a Saturday night a little under a month ago, and he was AWESOME. We talked at length about the nuances of the different beers and he even treated us to a small sample of some of the cask-engine brews (a first for me!). He went above and beyond on a busy Saturday night and brought the evening to the next level.

There is very little that could bring me back to Tempe. The temperature was sizzling and I'm way too far out of college to venture into that scene. 

But Four Peaks? 

Maybe...just maybe...
I passionately love this place with all of my heart. No, I am not being paid by Four Peaks Brewing Co to give this place an excellent review. I admit that I don't come here every weekend to drink or dine here but when I do, the food and drinks here always come out delicious. I love the fact that they brew their own beers too. Price wise, it seems like a lot but if you think about the portions that they give you, its quite worth the price. I definitely recommend this place for some quick food or some very good drinks! Its a good bar to start too, if you want to casually drink with friends.
Four peaks has good food...good beer..good people..it's the best ! Dani is the best server here !!!
Great food and a nice atmosphere. A bit heavy but delicious. Arrive early - there is frequently a long wait for table seating.
My favorite place.  We everything is excellent. . The food,  the beer, the bloody marys and service.  I come here very often.  Their Sunday brunch is also very tasty.
Everything, every time is amazing. Order anything, you will not go wrong. It can be a little loud and crowded so be prepared but you can order a delicious beer from the bar while you wait. It is worth it. Delicious food and great staff!!
So in search for a great gluten free place I ended up here because the rest of my party wanted beer.  I was a little hesitant because being gluten-free I know that most Brewing Co's/Pubs do not have very many selections for me.

The place is kinda cool, huge fans going and the temperature was comfortable.  The waitress was actually knowledgeable about gluten free which was great.  She even asked me first I had an allergy or if this was just a lifestyle choice (fair question BTW).

Anyway I ended up with a Popper Burger with no onion straws (Fresh, sautéed jalapeño, onion straws and cream cheese) served on a bed of lettuce with onion and tomato.  Instead of the fries I had a side salad.

First I need to say that the servings in this joint are HUGE!  I was astonished and the plates that were coming out of the kitchen.

OH they had Woodchuck Cider on tap so that was another quick pleaser for me!

Finally the burger arrived.  IT WAS AMAZING.  No joke.  The combo of flavors were great, I have no idea what kind of meat but fantastic quality.  It was cooked to perfection at medium rare.  I think I can honestly say that this may be the best burger that I have ever had.  Price, appearance, flavor.............yes, yes, yes.  It was outstanding and I left with a full belly and a desire to go back ASAP!!!

EXCELLENT burger choice and good for gluten free too!!
I really love 4 Peaks beer. Also love the Tasting Room. Therefore, 2 stars. Unfortunately, the 8th St location sucks. Would give it zero. Showed up today to do a girls night with 7 ladies. So I didn't realize it would be a bastion for soccer hooligans during the World Cup. Actually my bad, I really didn't think about it. However, when I got there ahead of time to get a table, it was only me. They said they wouldn't seat me until most of our party was there. Of course, it's 120 degrees out so... I asked where I could wait. The bar. Bummer, the bar was shoulder to shoulder. I literally couldn't even enter the doorway. So, I asked if I could grab a table to wait. Nope. I had to sit outside with the fiery sun torturing my delicate Irish skin. Want to know why they get a bad review? THERE WERE 20 OPEN TABLES AND NO ONE IN LINE. That's right. They made me sit outside in the sun instead of letting me sit at any of the numerous open tables. I promptly took our business to Casey Moore's. Never returning to Four Peaks. I don't even know if I want my beloved Kiltlifter anymore.
The beer selection was a little limited compared to some other breweries with pretty basic choices, but they were still very good beers.

The nachos = to die for. get blackened chicken, trust me.  The beer bread chicken sandwich was also very very delicious. tender, moist, juicy, delicious.  my mom got the cobb salad and i had half of it and it was very good too as far as salads go.

Im definitely going back, and getting two orders of nachos.
HANDS DOWN BEST BEER IN ARIZONA! Place is always packed but still always get amazing service and food every time! I can't  get enough of their different types of beers and I always take a growler full of beer home every time I go. Killer burgers and apps that come out very quickly. I live on the opposite side of town from the Tempe location and still drive all the way out there to grab a bite to eat!
Very busy but well worth the wait! I'm from Los Angeles & this place would probably be the reason I'll visit Arizona again.
Best brewery in AZ
I went to four peaks yesterday and have to say they are awesome. My wife and I went and I had an American red (seasonal). The beer was great, as they brew in house. The food was amazing. No wonder this is a local favorite in that area. We will 100% be back. The staff was awesome, atmosphere was phenomenal just all around a great experience!
I love Four Peaks......I love you Hop Knot, you're my one true love.
Beer selection here is MONEY.  Spent all day yesterday drinking and eating for the USA game. Great place. #8thstreetale
Awesome place to go for beer, mingling, a date, whatever! We had the beer sampler, let me just start by saying I'm not a huge beer fan, my husband, however, is, and we were both so impressed by all the beers we tried. We had just gone to another local brewery that left me a bit disappointed, but Four Peaks did not let us down. Great beer, great atmosphere, and pretty delicious pretzels :)
My favorite place whether for dinner or just beers.  This is where I take out-of-town visitors because it's always guaranteed to please.  The food is absolutely amazing.  Everything they serve is fantastic from burgers to pizza to dinner specials.  The spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had, and all of their beer bread sandwiches are delish.  They make excellent beers too, way better than other local breweries.  Never had bad service here.  Parking can be an issue but I have always managed to find a space in the back.
I always want to take people from out of town here. Great beer and amazing food! The fries are to die for. They have good vegetarian options, especially for pub food. It gets pretty crowded around 6pm but if you go before or after there won't be much of a wait.
It gets 5 stars compared to other breweries I've been to. Great beer, good service, and surprisingly tasty food.  Even if you aren't a beer person, it's worth checking out for the atmosphere and food! And yes it's mostly street parking, but it's not frustrating at all :)
I'm not a fan. Their beer isn't my favorite, and their food is sub-par. I haven't had problems with the servers, but the bouncers have really poor attitudes. I'm not someone who ever has issues with security, so a bouncer really has to go out of his/her way to make an impact on me, but I will not be back. I want to go out to have a nice time, not be insulted by someone on an ego trip. There are so many awesome breweries in the valley, I would definitely recommend going somewhere with better beer and friendly staff. Sleepy Dog is awesome! Also, Huss, Arizona Wilderness, Pheonix Ale, Papago, Desert Eagle, Gordon Biersch, Nimbus...
Good beer and pretty good food, but the service has never been great for me. 

I've had several instances where our table was ignored for long periods of time (it shouldn't take 20minutes to get a glass of water or the check). And we went to have dinner (at 6:30pm) with some friends. One friend forgot his ID, which was fine because he didn't want to drink, but they said we couldn't go in. Then the guy changed his mind and said we could sit outside,  but no one at the table could order a drink. Even though there were tons of family sitting with young kids and teenagers and the parents had a drink. You are a RESTAURANT and bar. If your waiter can't keep track of who ordered a drink and showed their ID and who didnt, then they shouldn't be a waiter.

It's a decent place, but not worth most of the hassle. I'll just order their beer elsewhere.
The beer is tasty but happy hour is week 1 dollar off beers and no happy hour menu. I had the French dip and it was good but expensive. Service was good too, very attentive.
Can't say enough good things about Four Peaks. Out of the several locations they have in the valley, this is my favorite. 

I've tried a few of the different burgers they have here and the enchiladas, nothing disappoints. There's a lot more to the menu than just burgers though so more options if a burger isn't your craving. The menu has recommendations for pairing their beers with certain meals too. The beers are always great here.

It's almost guaranteed that the place will look packed no matter what time of day you come by, but it's huge on the inside and has tons of seating. Never actually had to wait for a table yet in all the visits I've had at this place.
Do not go in the summer. It is way too hot and no AC. Unacceptable for me. I love their peach ale. It is delicious. I will update this review when I go back in the winter.
Let me start with the fact that I am not a big beer drinker. But went here with a group of friends. I had no expectations, but really liked the place. I started with the wings, which are some of the best around. Great buffalo sauce and perfect crispness. The groups shared the nachos. They were HUGE! They were also pretty good, but way to much greasy cheese for my taste.
I had the southwest burger, protein style. It was really good and the side salad was better than expected. Good mix of local, and college people. All in all I have nothing bad to say, good food, good people watching, and good beer. I would definitely go back.
I went to Four Peaks on Wednesday night around 11 PM with my boyfriend. After we we were seated, it took 20 minutes for a server to come to our table. It wasn't busy, but it seemed like they had one girl working the entire patio. We ordered beers and our food, which came out about 20 minutes after that. Our server was checking in on every other table except for ours. When it came time for the check, we had to wait for an additional 15 minutes while she literally spent 15 minutes talking to customers at another table. Very unprofessional. She was nice enough but just I couldn't tell if service was bad because she was busy or lazy. 

The food was fine, though. We shared the spinach artichoke dip and my boyfriend got a burger. I got the peach ale which is one of my favorite beers.

Despite this being the "original" location, I prefer the one in North Scottsdale and probably won't be back here.
Good food, good beer, rotten a/c.
8st ale was good I asked for a non-fruity tasting beer and Kyle recommended 8st and it was just right . I ordered a Italian beef sandwich on beer bread. The beer bread tasted more like a soft tortilla. table service was good and fast. We were a party of 6 and we were seated towards the back of  room where there was absolutely no air flow , a/c mind you this is July in Arizona it's was 108 outside inside was miserable and high humidity.  It ruined a perfectly good time for our out of state companions. For me  No Mas 4 peaks
The raj is great.

The food is great.

The girls are great.

"tito" the chigger has got to go.

Worst bartender in Four Peaks history.

He literally drives my business elsewhere.

I would rather drink alone in my mother's basement than ask him for a drink ever again,
I came here today with a large group, curious about their beer and how they'd handle a large group. Well, they certainly have lots of space with huge outdoor AC units. That's a plus. 

I ordered their popper burger and sampled 3 beers hoping to order a pint. Here are my general thoughts. 

The burger: great fries, enjoyed the onion strings. The jalapenos bit. The cream cheese was ok and had an unusual texture. The burger itself didn't stand out.

The beer: I had asked for the Scottish and the Hop Knot. The waitress wasn't sure what the second one was, so she gave a third. That was also good, though all three seemed light weight on the tongue. However, the waitress returned midway through my burger and by then I didn't feel like a pint. Timing is everything.
Very good food, but don't bother going after 3pm if you are under 21. I attempted to eat at Four Peaks around 6pm with my boyfriend a few months ago and was told I could not come in to the restaurant after 3pm without a parent or guardian because I am only 20. It was pretty embarrassing, but the staff was nice enough about it. Wish they would have had some sort of notice on their website so I would have known ahead of time.
I read many reviews before going to this place and most are spot on. The beer is very good, the nachos with blackened chicken was awesome, and the AC was not on. Since we went at night it was not as big of a deal. 
We had a petite, bleach blonde waitress who gave us probably overall the best service I have ever had. The place is worth trying but I don't think we will be back until summers over. The fact that they have fans and think that will be enough to cool the establishment is the reason I took off a star. GET SOME DAMN AC
Great service and great food!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Four Peaks.  Any time I go to AZ, I HAVE to stop here.  It's that good.  The beer?  Fantastic.  I'm a girly beer drinker, so my favorites are the Peach Ale and the Sunbru. Both are great!  And the food....OMG.  The shrimp and goat cheese is AMAZING, but be prepared for major garlic breath.  My BF's garlic breath was so strong, it made my eyes water.  But it was worth it!  Hehe.  The Arizona Chicken Rolls were also suuuuper tasty.  So good that I was annoyed I missed getting them the other times we've been to Four Peaks before!  I haven't had a chance to try many of their entrees yet, the appetizers are too darn good!  Can't wait until the next AZ trip!
Cold beer, HUGE location, tons of selections, and their food is great.  I had the wings this time and they were huge and delicious.  Great place to watch any kind of sporting event.
I've never had a bad experience at Four Peaks. The service is great, servers are very personable and fun (go see Carly, she's great!) The beer is amazing.... You can never go wrong with the HopKnot! Food is delicious... Try the salmon BLT, it's life changing. 

This is by far my favorite place to eat/drink/watch sports/hang out in Arizona. It's hard to compare any other microbreweries to this one!! :)
This place is awesome. I've only been here a few times, but the service was great, and the food was delicious
So all in all this was a great experience! The food was good, service was friendly and the beer was tasty. 

For starters the service was great- good food recommendations and service was quick. Follow up could have been a little stronger but hey nobody's perfect. 

The food was good I got the carne assada pork and it really got the spot. Good flavor, although the meat could have been a little tender-I think it dried out a bit. The sides were very tasty. Only real complaint was the tortillas, they were too big to handle nicely-they used burrito sized tortillas. Good but a smaller tortilla would have been easier to handle. 

The beer was great! I ordered the sampler and enjoyed every minute of it. Kilt lifter was great as always but for me the stand out was rhaj. Only complaint was I wish they incorporated more of the seasonals in the sampler not just the standards!
You like German-style beers? I like very much (if you've seen Borat, you should read that with an accent of indeterminate, though somewhat eastern European, origin). Seasonals like Winterbock and Maibock are the best, but so is the Marzen, which I have heard pronounced 10 different ways, and that just by the bartenders. So I just point. Once I got so drunk there I went south a few blocks and made an appointment to get a tattoo at a place that made it clear it would not tattoo anyone clearly inebriated. Tattoo parlor gets 1 star for taking all the fun out of getting tattooed while drunk.
This was my first Gorden Biersch experience, which is kinda funny, since the original in Palo Alto, only a few miles away from my home. I went here for lunch as a compromise with a friend who wanted to watch the New Year's Day bowl games.

We both saw the Pulled Pork Sandwich on the menu and decided it was the way to go. The sandwich came with a large serving of cole slaw and a mountain of pork with the top bun off to the side.

Unfortunately, the slaw was completely tasteless. I really don't understand this...how is it possible to have tasteless cole slaw? There was cabbage...there was some white-ish stuff...no taste. 

The pulled pork itself was great, but had to eat some with a fork to make the bun usable.
This is a 2 story Gordon Biersch with outdoor seating on the 2nd floor balcony.  So that's where I sat for lunch.  Not a really exciting view, but it was nice out.
I love the garlic fries there (Gordon Biersch in general)!
In my few trips to Tempe, I've found myself here more than once.  In fact at least once a trip.   I'm just not sure why. 

The first time I found myself in Arizona, this place seemed like an Oasis in the desert.  It wasn't super pricey, they brewed their own beer (my biggest weakness), and the food was not your typical menu.  The second time, they were out of their summer seasonal which began their downfall.  

The menu is fairly run of the mill and a little overpriced for the portions you receive.  The food is bland and not exciting at all, except for the garlic fries (which have so much garlic on them that you can't enjoy them). 

That said, the atmosphere is nice.  The light sconces are make of barley and beers (kitschy but cute anyway).   And the service is good.  The other day, my sister and I had a good time with our waiter.  When we heard him say "wooder" we asked if he was from NY or NJ (northern, clearly he was a Giants fan) and got "Oh, NEW YORK!" as a response.  Then we discussed south Jersey shore towns.     

One thing I've noticed is that their hosts always have a little bit of trouble getting their act together.  I know there are two room and outdoor seating, but come on...
OK so it's a chain.  I like it. Not all that terribly different from RAM brewery and the like, but the food is good and the beers are good...that's pretty much all I demand out of a brewpub.  The outdoor balcony seating offers a nice view of the main strip.  Service is generally good. I'd definitely come back here if I was back in town.
Garlic Fries.
This mega-chain brewery is nothing to call home about. If you want a cool brewery head to Four Peaks -- that's where it's at! Gordon Biersch is stuffy, over-priced and the servers have attitude. The food is mediocre considering the prices and the bar is ho-hum. The highlight? The second floor balcony, which is fun for people watching.
My parents stopped by campus when they arrived in Phoenix to take me out for lunch.   Their flight was a little delayed so that put us in a little bit of a time crunch as I had a little over an hour to eat and get to class.  We informed our server of this as soon as we sat down and they were very accommodating.  About 5 minutes after we placed our orders our food was on our table.  The Caesar salad was standard (I'm not really  a fan of creamy Caesar dressing)  but my father did enjoy his pulled pork sandwich.  While the food was nothing out of this world the lunch was quick and served its purpose and I would definitely return based on that.
Standard food - exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant with a brewery. They sell beer, lots of beer, so the food doesn't have to be amazing.
The southwest rolls we ordered as an appetizer were great with a bit of a kick to them. My pecan crusted chicken was good, but not my favorite meal by any means. 
They have a large drink menu, which is nice for us non-beer drinkers. I especially liked the alcoholic raspberry iced tea.
Gordon Biersch has an upstairs outside patio, where you can sit and look down at Mill while enjoying food and beer. It's one of the few accommodations that drew me in - not to mention they have their own beer to sample. I chose the seasonal. It was pretty good, although very, very filling. I couldn't even drink 1/2 of it after having dinner (shrimp salad) and another beer (22 oz) prior to coming here. So, if you plan to drink their beer, make sure you bring your extra stomach along. You're gonna need it. 

As for the food, never had it. I can't speak to that, but it looks like serve American fare - like pizzas and burgers. They also have a very tempting dessert menu. I should know. My brother and I checked it out last night, after learning you get a free dessert on your birthday. Since it was a birthday for both of us, we contemplated getting one, like the apple bread pudding or the chocolate peanut butter cup pie. 

Service was beyond horrible. Sure, we were quickly shown to a table, but it took several moments for our server to come over. She took our drink orders and told us about the free dessert - after all, I did let her know it was a special day. My bro and I drank and talked, enjoying the night air. Yet when we decided to leave, we could not find our server anywhere. We waited. We looked around. We waited some more. We finally decided to get up and leave. We found her standing at the hostess table doing nothing. That's when she was like, "Do you guys want to close your tab out?" Uh, yeah. That's what we wanted 20 minutes ago, missy. So, we slapped down $15 (our tab was $14 for one beer and one Rum Runner - whoa) and left. 

"What if we had wanted something to eat?" my brother asked. "Yeah, I said. She didn't even check." We just shook our heads and both agreed we probably wouldn't ever go back. Or, if I did, I'd know not to set my expectations too high.

On a more positive note: my brother did say it was the best Rum Runner he's ever had. That's gotta be worth something, right? I've had their mojitos before - meh. While I know they have a full bar, I think having their own in-house brewery is very cool.
The only thing cool about GB in Tempe is the old building it resides in. It has character and distinction in a sea of cookie cutter architecture. The food is decent and the beer is ok. I have been to 4 different GBs , 3 in Northern Cali and 1 in AZ, and they are equally mediocre  in quality. I guess chains really take the coolness out of places. I watched this show last night on McDonald's, as it highlighted the top 10 Mikey D's in the world, based on uniqueness. It ranged from Times Squares 4 story MD with a Broadway Marquee of lights facing 42nd street, to an MD designed like a huge Happy Meal in Dallas Texas.  The chain rule applies to GB and MD, cool exterior doesn't change the fact you still serve processed chain food.   Anyway, the highlight of my GB experience was when I went accidentally to the actual brewery in San Jose. I Google Map GB in the attempts to find one close to my hotel, low and behold, I showed up and it was the freakin' brewery! It smelled great, like roasted hops and barely, but it was closed so I couldn't get in. I all of  sudden felt like singing the Lavern and Shirley Theme Song as I walked in the parking lot looking for an open door.........Schlemiel, schlimazel, hasenpfeffer incorporated! I too felt like I worked at a brewery, just for one shining moment.
This place was great, except for the food.  The food was good, but it wasn't as good as I expected to be.  Maybe it was just what I got, the linguini.  Anyway, I thought the place was overall pretty good.  The service was definitely good and the atmosphere was good too.  We were at the second floor and had a good view of the Tempe, AZ strip with all the bars and clubs along the way.  Overall it was good. I'd go back, but wouldn't get the linguini. Oh yeah, this place has its own brewery too.  I tried their beer and didn't like it.  Id take a Heiniken or a Miller lite any day over what they had.  I rather order a milk than the Gordon Biersch beer they had,  and Im lactose intolerant.  Their beer tasted like rotten Guiness.
The beer selection is awesome!  I personally love to order the sampler, when I'm not driving of course.  When I ordered it last time, they were out of one of the beers, but they still charged me the full price for the sampler, which I think is unreasonable.  The food is pretty expensive.  It's very good, but it's not a favorite.  The salads are really the best thing on the menu.  Everything else is just mediocre.  Once again, besides the beer.  I do love the view and the location.  There's also an elevator for those who can't do the stairs.
I love their seared Ahi.  Good place to go if you have a group.   It's cool to sit out on the balcony and people watch on Mill.
I go to GB for the balcony and the hefeweisen.  One a warm sunny day there aren't many places I would rather relax.  Watching the people on Mill Ave as well as the planes flying into Phx can kill a few hours if you are bored.  The food is ok.  The hummus appetizer is usually a safe choice as is the pizza.
Even though those of us in the valley are blessed with all kinds of local brewery options, (Four Peaks, Sonora, Papago, etc.), sometimes I get a hankering to visit Gordon Biersch for one simple reason:  garlic fries.  I'll admit that all their food options, while good, scream out "I'm a menu item from a giant chain brewery" and lack that little something that makes it unique to your area.

Over the years I think that the quality of their beer has gone downhill.  The only thing really drinkable here is the Marzen, along with a couple of their seasonal brews.  As for plusses of this place, I'd really recommend sitting on the patio/terrace, which is great for sitting on and watching all the goings on happening on Mill.  Another plus is the staff: HOT!  Thank the lord for the close proximity to ASU and a great talent pool for hiring.

It may just be my tastes and likings, but Gordon Biersch is a bit too upscale for me.  It's tough to get out of these without spending over $25 on dinner and a couple of beers.  As far as breweries go, this is very family friendly, more so than the other options here in the valley.
"Gordon Biersch Swillery & Franchise"

There, fixed it for them.

These people need to be hit in the nuts with empty bottles of Anchor Steam and about the neck and chest with full bottles of Shiner Bock.  Take your restaurant concept to Chandler and bug out of the best piece of real estate on Mill Ave.
I gave Gordon Biersch 3 stars for their location and quality of brewed beer. I read some of the other reviews, and the theme is the same... not a great place, but a good location to view Mill Ave. from the balcony and some very good brewed beer.  Their second floor location is very cool. It's a good place to hang out if you've trolled up and down Mill Ave. and need to relax for a while.  Chrsty L. hit the nail on the head when she said she would never say "Hey, let's go to Gordon Biersch tonight."  I wouldn't say that either.  Food is just o.k.
yes, this is venue #2.... Its a great place to just relax, enjoy a beer balcony-style. Tempe is unique in a way that youre able to sit on a balcony above Mill Ave and watch the people and traffic below.

Im a huge fan of day-drinking... oh wait Im a huge fan of drinking. Especially if i can spit on people.
One word: Meh. Venue is nice, service is a bit slow but friendly, and the food varies in the quality of preparation. We will be back because it's an easy place to get dinner at a rather late hour, and there's always plenty of seating.

I enjoy their Goat Cheese Ravioli, and the salads are pretty good as well. I had the Bistro Steak Medallions the other day, and the steak was fairly rubberized (although cooked to medium). However, the Gorgonzola Potato Wedges impressed my hubby ("they taste like those russet potato chips I like!") and the veggies were quite excellent as well. 

Finally, the bread pudding is the pièce de résistance ~ very yummy and worth saving room for!
This place has the nicest and most engaging bartenders I have had in quite some time. Absolutely friendly and welcoming. 

I sat down to watch the Suns beat the Grizz last night and was relatively by myself at the bar. My iPhone was dead so the usual texting and internet surfing to keep myself busy wasn't available. The girl bartender was pretty talkative and the guy behind the bar while kind of a douche was fairly interested in the game and asking me a lot of questions. It's not normal to go somewhere in Tempe and have a bartender do anything but ignore you.

I ordered a Southwest Chicken Sandwich and about 5 minutes later the wrong order came out. She apologized and re-ordered the correct one and I watched her type rush in on the order. Well 33 minutes later (I read what time the ticket order was placed) my sandwich finally came. The other patrons around me were cracking jokes about me starving and such, the bartenders comped a couple beers, and I was pretty good spirited about it. When it finally came, I don't know if it was because of the built up anticipation or what, but that wasn't a very good $10 sandwich. A shitty processed chicken patty, red peppers, and some mayo don't exactly scream that a lot of thought went into it. 

My experience was so mixed that I really had to break it down to four categories. The service was top notch 5 stars, the food was a total let down and I'll give it 2 because it was still edible :) Kitchen service is shit 1 star, and the atmosphere is one of the best for watching the game, so 4 for that. overall 3 stars is fair.
This time I tried the Kobe Sliders and House Salad with the Marzen Vinaigrette. The sliders were just alright. Maybe I can't grok the supposed Kobe, but I couldn't see anything special about these. The House Salad was also just blah, most probably due to the completely tasteless vinaigrette. I thought they hadn't even put it on the top since I couldn't taste any dressing at all!

The atmosphere and service are still pretty good, and the raspberry iced tea wasn't bad either. Again, meh.
What can I say about this place?

Well, it's centrally located, it's a bit pricey and they have one good beer on tap.

I was really into GB before their old brewer left them and used to roll there between classes for college fuel... They had a killin beer called the Dunkles, but it's existence is no more at the Tempe Location.

I like the Marzen quite a bit as well.

The food is good, but I believe it's priced about $3 more than it's worth, and for brewing their own beer, they charge more than any other bar on mill.  This is unacceptable since:
A. Their beer is just good... not 4 peaks mouth watering.
B. They only have 4 beers on tap.
C. They brew it, and anyone who's worked at a brewery knows that beer costs in the range of $.25-$.75 a pint to make.

This place is also inconsistent.  I don't know how many times I've sent back my garlic fries appetizer because they were cold, soggy and undercooked.  Many times, they threw the same fries back into the fryer and brought them back overcooked.  I have had many a free meal due to reasons like this or server incompetence. 

I have also run into a few bartenders there that have bad attitudes, and I do believe that the staff their has a pole shoved up their collective asses... except for the dude that served me yesterday. He was cool and an artist, but this is an exception and not a rule.

I really want this place to be more, but it's a corporate eatery that brews it's own beer and that's it.  There's nothing special about it at all.  In fact, it attempts to be cooler than it is, and I believe it's operating under an antiquated business model that was concocted before Micro Brews flooded the market.    The place believes it has something special to offer, but with over priced mid grade beers, why not just go to four peaks, or a bar with a hip tap like papago?   They are cocky about the fact that they brew beer and spew out factoids about how Dan Biersch went to the renowned Weinstephaner brewing school in Germany.  Well I got news, Dan Biersch probably hasn't even stepped foot in the Tempe location and has no hand in their brewing practice other than the recipe he emailed to the brewmaster, so I don't give a rats ass about him. 

Go here if you want to hit up a Crapple B', Chili's, TGIF spot, because it is better.  

If you want a personal belly warming beer experience... go somewhere else.
went here with a group from work and it was okay. the kobe sliders could have been better. i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty.

one really bad thing was the beer...the house beer i wanted was not available for what it felt like 30 mins as they were changing the tap. that was silly...i had to settle for another beer.
Gordon Biersch gets a 3 star for food alone but gets a bump for solid brewing and great location. The bartenders and waitresses are very attentive and and they're also very easy on the eyes. On a warm afternoon you can just enjoy the weather on their upstairs balconies overlooking Mill Ave and ASU.
First: This is the tallest restaurant I've ever been to.

Second: They give pretty generous servings of beer in ironically tall glasses. Their wines are pretty good too.

Third: Mr. Biersch's brewery and eatery, when it comes down to it, is really just a fancy version of BJ's minus the flatscreens projecting the latest sports event. The food isn't that great. Most American food restaurants fit within the nexus of the TGIFriday's scale: a fancy version of TGIFriday's being the best, Normal TGIFriday's being just TGIFriday's, and Poor Man's TGIFriday's being something like Denny's. This spot falls into the fancier version of TGIFriday's. You get the picture. I ordered a veggie pizza which literally was a thin-crust pizza that someone dumped a bowl of spinach on top after it came out of the oven. It's how a jock understands vegetarian eating.

Fourth: The staff is really friendly, but ultimately really busy because they're understaffed. It's probably related to our nation's clusterfuck to the poor house, but I think it's a restaurant's job to make sure that the customers are seen to.

Fifth: Their food is overpriced for what it is.

Sixth: This place isn't that bad, it just has no soul. It is what it is. You go for a burger, you go to drink, or you go to watch a game. Maybe a combination of all three.

Seventh: If you're a diehard about this place, at some point in your dining life your idea of class was probably something along the lines of drinking champagne in Hooters.
Good location on Mill Ave.  Food is good eclectric california cuisine, overpriced.  Garlic fries are to die for though.  Beer is reasonably priced and they have good seasonal beers but the normal everyday beers are plain out just boring lagers.  Brewpubs should be about hops and making a wide variety of beers.  Anyone can go to the store and buy a boring pilsner.  Wait staff is usually ASU students who normally work hard but.  Live music occasionally.  Sitting on the patio watching the foot traffic on Mill Ave is one of the bright spots.
Best atmosphere of the Gordon Biersch locations - I love the upstairs entry, the high ceiling dining, and scenic bar overlooking the beer equipment.  Great outdoor seating of Mill avenue, with planes landing overhead in the northeast.

Consistently good service & food, and I never miss the garlic fries.  Pizzas are a good choice as well if you're dining alone.

This was the original Gordon Biersch in Arizona back in the 90's and I wish they had some of their old ways - using 1 litre steins upon request, dunkel was on tap year round, as was the blonde bock.

They serve primarily German style lagers and ales which are almost all low hopped beers, so ignore the other reviews which are ignorant in their critique by complaining at the lack of highly hopped beers.  You don't go to a German themed beer place and expect something out of theme.  Silly.
My girfriend and I love this place. Anytime we are in Tempe, we go to Gordon Biersch, anytime we have someone in town, we bring them here and never have a problem. The food is great, the beer is Great, the staff is great!!! Did I mention that the beer is Great, they are a brewery, so you can watch them make beer and wish that you could go swimming in that big pool of beer, mmmm, beer. Love it!!!
To celebrate the end of institute, and leaving Phoenix, my collaborate work group decided to have a celebratory dinner. There were 9 of us in all, and so it was suggested that we come here. Cool, whatever, brewery. 

First of all, the service was extremely helpful and attentive. From the beginning, our main server asked us how we would break down the check, and if it were possible to consolidate credit cards among us so we'd be able to get out faster. She was very polite and ready to accommodate, even though she was training someone new at the same time. 

 When we arrived, someone immediately took our drink orders. Most of us started with cocktails, and 2 people got beers--big mistake on the majority. The Manhattan and Tom Collins my friends got were extremely watered down, with very little alcohol, and my SF lemonade tasted like lemonade. Only. Apparently the beers, though, were very good, and the next round, that's what everyone ordered. 

As a group we decided to split appetizers: A chef's platter (with Southwest Chicken Eggrolls, barbecue buffalo wings, and potstickers), and 2 baskets of garlic fries. We were all starving after our last day teaching so we dove in as soon as the food arrived. The buffalo wings were sweet and barely spicy at all, although the chicken had a nice crispness to it. The Southwestern eggrolls were bland, so I dipped them in ranch, and the garlic fries were very greasy--the garlic was minced and spread over the fries, so there wasn't much flavor and since it was raw minced, somewhat intense.

At this point, we were starting to get full, when our entrees actually arrived. I tried: 

Beer battered fish and chips - The fish was NOT beer battered. It was breaded. Your generic whitefish, a texture as if fried after freezing, but drier than usual because of the breading. It was served with a mound of those same garlic fries and a "Cajun roumalade"--basic, orange tarter sauce that just tasted like tarter. I had to add a lot of vinegar and Tabasco to make this taste like anything.

Marzen bacon burger - I had a bite of my friend's burger and it was pretty good: nicely charred meat, crisp bacon. I like my meat a little rare, though, and the burger was well-done all the way through, and a little tougher than my preference. 

Steak sandwich (don't know the actual name) - Another friend had a steak sandwich, which was a steak cooked medium rare with caramelized onions, a garlic alioli (or so she said, I couldn't taste it), gorgonzola, and arugula on a French roll, and the same ubiquitous garlic fries. The steak was pretty tasty and the sharp gorgonzola complemented it well. I could barely taste the arugula, however, and was in fact convinced it was actually spinach. 

Other people all had about the same to say about their food. It was too much and kind of bland. The portions of the food were pretty ridiculous. I know its a brewery but the plate was twice the size of my head. 

For a watery cocktail and mediocre food, I paid about 26 bucks, which to me is just too much for something I'm unsatisfied with. 1 star for the service, 1 star for the ambience, which was pretty conducive to a group dinner (even with the Nascar racing on the flatscreens poised all about us). No stars for the drinks, the food, and the price.
Two words.. Garlic Fries! No one can beat this garlicky goodness. Your breath will ward off lurking vampires that i guarantee but you will not complain..soo worth the breath!
I dined here with my friend who was in from out of town raving about how great it was, and the food... i was not wrong about.  Their chicken wings are about the best things since sliced bread.  Their beer sampler is one of the best, and I LOVE their salads.  

BUT....... out waiter must have forgotten his manners, or never been taught them altogether.  I hear a lot of waiters biggest complaints are rude customers, but may I speak for myself in saying that I ALWAYS say please and thank you for everything and I'm usually awarded the same respect in return, but for this waitor, that just wasn't the case.  That turns me off right away when I'm dining out, especially when I am paying extra for their services.  I've been in the customer service industry for over 10 years now, and I know it's not always fun, but is it too much to ask for a little common courtesy?  Okay, I'm done rambling... 
The food here is awesome.. so it's A-OK in my book ;)
Three trips to the Tempe location and still not close to the Palo Alto or San Jose locations. Yes they have good brews but the atmosphere is not the same. The food not as good and the staff not as professional. Good for the beer but not for the food.
Load up on the beer and Gordon Biersch Garlic Fries. That is all you will need for the rest of the night. If you'd like you can always enjoy some Glazed Chicken Wings, Southwest Egg Rolls, Seafood Cobb Salad, Gorgonzola Bone-In Ribeye, Grilled Chilean Sea Bass, Halibut Oscar, Chicken Parmesan, Meatloaf, and more! Did I mention the Gordon Biersch Garlic Fries?

Otherwise, you can count on feeling like you are in a typical sports bar filled with local strangers.
I would give Gordon Biersch 3.5 stars out of 5. I enjoy GB more for a beers with friends and light food/appetizers or garlic fries than a full dinner. I don't feel a their dinner meni items are worth the price.

Can't go wrong with any of the beers on tap. GB should have a beer for every taste available.

Staff and service has always been pretty good.
Not a bad place to get together with some friends and have some beers.  They're apps are decent and their garlic fries will permanently embed and imbue your gums with garlic.  Their menu is pretty average, nothing to write home about and really not worth the price.

So grab a beer or two, have some apps but move on after that.
Good place to start off if in Tempe.  The look outside and inside remind me of a Pearl Street Bar and Brewery in Buffalo, NY.  Good food, good drinks.  Has Home brew beer.  The waitress was nice and friendly.  Made you feel special.  Prices were reasonable.  Its about a 7 of 10 in my view.
i'm super conflicted on this review. i joined about 40 others for a surprised party at gordon biersch on saturday night. our party was tucked in the back corner on the east side of the bar. the space had an adjacent patio, which i thought was really cool. until the hostesses started seating guests that were not part of our party on that patio. 

on one hand, service at the bar was most excellent. each time i trotted up i had, within seconds, another light beer was in my hand - that means i have one happy husband, so naturally, i was stoked. bartender was happy to refill my water and give me a fresh lemon wedge (hey someone's got to drive right?!).

on the other hand, i found it odd that the restaurant chose to walk other guests through the party to the patio ... i really felt for those people. our party of 40+ was crammed into a small space to begin with, and on top of that hostesses were leading diners through the crowd to seat them at patio tables. i understand patio = prime seating, but pushing your way through a crowd to get to it isn't appetizing. the party area was so small i couldn't have gotten to the food display if i wanted to - there were way too many people in our small space. if the restaurant had decided to allow our party to use the patio (which only had 4 tables on it to begin with) i think the other diners and our party would have been much more comfortable. 

in my mind, all this comes together as a 2 star review, with no disrespect intended for the fantastic bartender.
I recently went to GB on a Tuesday night with some friends for a drink or two around 8 pm. The place was not busy at all. There were only a few patrons here. The place was a ghost town. 

We sat down in the cocktail area and waited and waited for someone to come over to take our order. Nobody ever came. After waiting for nearly 10 minutes, we left. The hostess in the stairway was shocked we were leaving so soon.. We told her why.

I can understand a wait when the place is busy, but when there is almost nobody there, this is inexcusable!

I really liked going to GB, but this night GB was subpar.
Chain restaurant that's just about okay for afternoon dining with friends. If I wasn't having beer at lunch I'd probably suggest eating someplace else. Food is good but in my experience their beer makes the meal. I've eaten here about half a dozen times during the past few years when in town for business weekends.

It is centrally located on the corner of Mill and Fifth Street in downtown Tempe, amongst quite a few other local restaurants. During my most recent visit I ordered a steak at lunch along with one of the seasonal brewed beers. Steak was okay but I wouldn't order it again. Beer was exceptional, so I wasn't unhappy overall.

I love burgers and I think I'll stick to that as my primary choice when eating here in the future. I can't think of any times when service was particularly unsatisfactory, nor were there times when service really stood out as exceptional. I have almost always eaten here on a Saturday afternoon, and it's typically been fairly busy during the lunch hour. Never had a problem getting a table, which is important since I'm usually heading back for an afternoon conference session.

I love the big glass beer mugs (not sure what size they are) but I can't always down the whole thing during a short lunch break (I'm a lightweight).

Overall, good place to eat if you're hungry and in the downtown area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.
I stumbled into GB this summer when I was at a conference in Scottsdale. Didn't really feel like paying an arm and a leg for hotel resort food so I ventured off into the desert, on foot, to find some yummy food. 

I sat in the bar area since seating was at a premium in the restaurant. It was a Friday night. I ended up ordering a Margarita since it was national Tequila day. It was pretty good. For vegetarians there wasn't a lot of non-meaty foods to eat. I ended up ordering a bunch of different sides for my meal. The food was really tasty and didn't cost me too much. 

Unfortunately, the service wasn't great and it did take a long time get served. But then again, it was a busy Friday so I didn't really mind. If I'm ever in Scottsdale again, I'll probably do a little more researching to find a place that's a little more local and a little less of a chain.
Walking in, I hadn't realized it was a chain, but it was a good place to relax a bit and grab a bite to eat.  

I was feeling a bit under the weather, not up for a beer at the time, so I didn't sample any of their German style brews.  

I did sample the house chips, which come topped like a loaded baked potato.  They weren't too shabby.  

I also had the seared ahi salad.  It was good.  The greens were fresh and the tuna was perfect.  I also ordered a side of the sweet ginger rice.  (I can't pass up anything laced with ginger.)  It was also pretty good.

They serve dessert shooters which are great when you just want a couple of bites of something sweet.  It was a nice finale.
I have been here many many times over the years but this review isn't about those times because I really don't remember them well enough to give a solid Yelp.  Anyway, this review is about their Stein Club.

My wife is a sucker for signing up for clubs that charge a few bucks a year and in return you get membership card and a few perks here and there.  Gordon Biersch has such a club and of course we just had to join.  I mean you get a membership card!  You also get some other misc. perks like reward points when you dine at any GB that you can exchange for some pretty cool stuff provided you spend about $10,000 for food over time.  It is something to strive for I guess.

All kidding aside, there are some really great benefits for being a Stein Club member.  For the membership fee of 20ish dollars per year (I think that's how much it was), you also get invited to free beer tastings, tapping parties, release parties, etc.  They are only for Stein Club members and they give you plenty of beer and tasty appetizers.  There are only about 20 or so members that show up to the Tempe location events so it is not too crowded.  There is always plenty of food and beer to go around.  They normally have their pizzas, garlic fries and wings out.  My favorite are the wings.

Although I may never earn enough points to get some of the cool stuff they offer, I take full advantage of their free food and beer and it is definitely worth the small membership fee.

Yesterday was the pre-release tapping party of their Alt Bier.  The beer was excellent and you could pretty much have all you wanted.  As always Dieter, the head brewer, was there.  He is a super chill guy that basically has the coolest job in the world.  He is at all the events and is pretty much the Yoda of all things beer and is open to answering any questions you may have.

I could have continued to eat the wings, fries and pizza all night but my wife and the other people we were with wanted to order a more proper dinner.  I had the mushroom and swiss burger.  It was a decent size but was ok at best.  The side salad I got was ok too.  I also have to bring up one of their new menu items, the "Housemade Tacos".  Though I did not order or try them, another member of our party did.  When they came out I almost started laughing.  They are honestly the double decker tacos that Taco Bell used to have years ago (or still have, I'm not sure).  The tacos were blue corn taco shells wrapped in a flour tortilla.  WTF!!  Inside the double taco was some kind of fish topped with a real heavy sauce.  That part honestly didn't look too bad, but I just couldn't get over the double taco.
Friggin Delicious! 

First time me and my sales manager were in the Mill street area and walked through a few places to eat before deciding this place was for us. We walked upstairs and sat down at the bar. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. 

I asked what beer i should drink and he placed a delicious ale in front of me. The decor is a sports bar theme with a view of the town. The patrons were a good mix of young and middle aged people. We got to talking with people at the bar and everyone seemed friendly. 

We both ordered the Lobster and Shrimp tacos since they were highly recommended to us by the bartender. And these were the best fish tacos i have ever eaten! Fresh, meaty and cheesy delicious. I will be back as soon as I can. If your in the area, I recommend it.
I stopped here, because I like to try new beers. I had a delicious Hefeweizen to drink and a hummus salad to eat. I thought it had a wide variety of food options on the menu. It was about $10 for the salad. Full meals were a little on the pricey side, but the portions were large. My only disappointment was that they didn't have soft pretzels on the menu.
I think this was the first restaurant we ate at when we came here house-hunting. We loved it, and have been back many times since.

Their Miersden(sp?) is awesome! As are the garlic fries. I don't think we've had anything there that wasn't very good.

By chance, a few friends and us ended up there for happy hour one Friday. They had some great specials, and we've been looking forward to visiting for another HH.

And just the view from the balcony is awesome. I love looking down on Mill Ave.
I've been to this place many times but I'm finally getting around to write a review. First of all it's in a great location, right on Mill Ave. You go up a flight of stairs and you'll be greeted  and seated usually fairly quickly. If it's not too hot or too cold you might want to try the outdoor patio. The view is nice and it's a bit quieter than the inside. As far as the food goes, it's not 5 star gourmet fair but they make an excellent burger and the garlic fries are out of this world. The beer selection is quite good and the service was prompt and cheerful. I've never had a bad meal or bad service here. Give it a try for yourself and see what you think.
Not bad, I've been to other locations, but this one would probably be my favorite for 2 reasons.  It's the closet one to my place :), 2nd their patio area is on 2nd floor overlooking the streets.  Maybe I like looking over people and watching them or something, but it's rather fun haha!  Gordon Biersch is always known for their garlic fries--don't go to the gym the next day I tell ya if you have a bunch of these blah!  They have their own Gordon Biersch brew of beers; I don't recall each, but they have beer tasting flight which can be fun.  Definitely bring your group of friends to the place!
Went there last night for a brewery tour and some Sex And The City 2 thing.  The tour was interesting and Dieter was cool as always.  After the tour my wife and I sat outside to have a beer and some dinner.  I had the wedge salad which was very good and the meat loaf.  The meat loaf was excellent.  They give you a huge portion and I probably shouldn't have eaten it all but I did anyway.  The taste was excellent and the addition of sausage was a nice touch though a bit on the salty side.

The Sex And The City thing was pretty stupid and didn't really mesh with the brewery thing.  They just had some girly drink specials all sponsored by Absolut.  I didn't have anything and I still don't want to see the movie.

I still don't understand why this place doesn't have a regular happy hour.  They have a reverse one which is pretty much useless but I guess it is better than nothing.
From now on, no matter how good other things look on the menu, I will only get a beer and fried artichoke hearts... and maybe a wedge salad. I have been disappointed the last two times I've been there. The calamari was so bland that we sent it back after one bite. The new Caribbean appetizer platter was gross - the mahi mahi was so over-fried you couldn't' tell what it was, the "Kobe" burgers were over cooked, and the sauce for the ahi spring rolls was basically orange mayo. SO, lesson learned - stick to the things we know....artichoke hearts and beer!
This place is like no other. Ive never been to a restaurant that has a brewery as well. There are multiple levels of things to see, there's the brewery itself, where you eat, and merchandise. We ate outside on the balcony which has a great view. Inside had huge televisions to enjoy watching whatever you wanted while you ate. The location of the place was great as well, its right in Tempe and has lots to do and see around it. The Food and drinks here were great as well!  My family and I tried multiple meals and drinks and loved them all. I will definitely revisit this place when i go back out to AZ!
Stopped in here for lunch the other day.  I ordered the Marzen barbecue chicken sandwich with garlic fries.  The sauce on the sandwich was good but the chicken breast was pretty tasteless.  The garlic fries were a winner!

Service at the bar was fast and friendly.  It was nice to have a TV to watch as I ate lunch.
Drinks are expensive- about $9 each.

Vegetarian options are pathetic- salads that you have to specify to leave the meat off, pizza or appetizers and side dishes.

I opted for a house salad- lettuce, 2 kinds of cheese, nuts, cucumbers and dressing in a small bowl for $5.95.  And a side of potato wedges topped with gorgonzola.  Both were just okay.

Service was good.

It annoys me that restaurants on Mill Ave don't validate parking tickets from the garage anymore.
Not the best beers I have ever had, but always a solid place to go off Mill.   I love the upstairs patio.  Their salads and apps are good, I was not a fan of the tacos.
i love the outdoor patio! great service. i can only review the drinks and desserts. the dragonfruit mojito was delish! i heart mojitos. i also had the warm apple bread pudding. it was tasty, not the best bread pudding that i've ever had. would i get it again? prob not. but i would def come back to have dinner sometime.
great salads and their fries and chips are to die for.My friend's love their grilled cheese (not on the menu) and i've always had awesome. service. Great place for lunch and a good beer!
I've been here probably about five times and each time is like being on a roller coaster.. up.. down.. up ... down.  So with Gordon Biersch, the food I get is good.. is bad.. is good.. is ba... you get it.

I was here with some friends for my buddies birthday last night, and while the food wasnt the best that night, service was awesome and we got to sit outside in the perfect weather.

Overall I do enjoy the majority of the food. Who cant get enough of those garlic fries?  Of course after dinner, be sure to grab a mint.  The place is split into two sides, dinning side and the bar side, which also has some dining areas.  It sits on the second floor right above some club and Starbucks.  Coffee and drinking.. oh what a combo.

I love the whole Mill Ave. vibe going and this is a perfect place for this restaurant.  Is it my favorite place to eat in the world? Not even close.. however I will gladly eat here anytime. 

Enjoy!
We had seat outside enjoying the perfect weather.  I thought it was very unusual for a brewery to be so quiet on a Saturday night.  However across at Hooters, it was loud and full with action.   They were watching the UFC fight.  It must be an exciting fight.  How do you compete with UFC and Hooters?  I have been to this location a few times.  They must have changed their menu and increased their prices.  It's been awhile... I had the garlic fries, not bad, but still like Six Flags Magic Mountain's better.  My friends had ordered the cobb salad and spinach salad.  They were generously portioned.   If it wasn't that I just attended an Oktoberfest event, I would have ordered from their Oktoberfest menu.  Actually, the items on the Oktoberfest menu sounded delicious.
I love the food here. The waiter is nice and try to seat us outdoor. He helps us move because we can't stand smoke. The food is like most francise restaurant. It is good for me. I like steak and shrimp the best. The shrimp is fresh since I can tell by the texture of the shrimp and there are still a bit smell of the sea. (My taste bud have weird reaction to sea water so I know) I will visit sometimes when I have time.
Sitting outside, enjoying the warmth of the sun...the guitar player on the corner down below and great food and beer...I love this place!
Yes, it is a brew pub and they have some pretty ok beer including a seasonal offering.  The thing I don't like about the place is that it is just so corporate sterile. It doesn't have any personal charm like say Four Peaks has.  The food is good albeit overpriced.  One of the best things is being able to sit out on the patio and people watch on Mill Ave.
Gordon, you and I go back a while. It's time we had a talk.

For years we were beautiful together. I enjoyed so many tall glasses of the Martzen, so many baskets of the garlic fries, so much time looking admiringly on your servants dressed up in those creepily evocative brown shirts. Thanks to my Bay Area connections I spent more than a few nights in your care in your San Jose location: The original joint! Hell, on one occasion I was actually mistaken for one of your founders by another regular.

So it makes me wonder what's happening in Tempe. It looks like the whole place hasn't had maintenance in a while. The beer is still good. I've decided to restrain myself from the fries, but they still smell great. But it's as if the whole building is wearing a sad face.

I know that the assh  . . . I mean City Fathers . . . yeah, that's it. . .  of Tempe raised rents on everyone on Mill, hoping to turn Tempe into another Manhattan. We can tell how that worked by how many boarded-up storefronts there are. Everyone else has bugged out to the Riverfront or whatever that is over on the other side of Rural. You are standing firm, and that's to be admired. But see, the longer you stay the more I kinda avoid that location. I'm afraid the fail wave is washing up against your shores as well.

So I would do what needs to be done to dress the place up a bit, or make plans to move. Don't miss the tide.
First time I ever been to this Gordon Biersch was when I travelled with my buddies to Spring Break.  We really didn't know that areas too well, and we found what is kind of familiar name.  Everyone recognizes he Gordon Biersch award winning Garlic Fries!

So I went back for the first time now that I live in AZ.  Food is alright, but garlic fries and beer kicks butt!  Try their Winter Seasonal, it is refreshing. Some of their items are a little overpriced a little.  I will go back just for fries and beer!
While a little bit pricey, the food and service make up for it.  The location is awesome in Tempe and has both indoor and outdoor dinning.  The upstairs layout is a little funky once it gets crowded.  Service was quick and the food was served hot.  We had:  

Chefs Sampler
Steak Medallions with Crab Stuffed Shrimp
Chilean Seabass
A Lemonade/Peach/Vodka Concoction 

We were SOO stuffed after the appetizer that we barely made it through our courses.  Would definitely go back as there were many other menu items to try!
This is the most overpriced food in Tempe.  It has a great spot on mill and you can watch everyone go by, but too bad you couldn't do that and not buy anything.  If you want to sit on this block, you might as well go to hooters across the way.  At least you could save some money and eat the same quality food.  There are many good places to eat on Mill, so skip this one.
I've been going to THIS restaurant for  almost 7 years and have always left satisfied!... The portions are large, the food is served hot, the beer is good and you can get a good look at the brewery in the background while overlooking Mill Ave. The atmosphere is casual but you can be dressy on weekend nights. I suggest the pecan crusted chicken and the garlic fries but anything you order will be awesome! A must try!!
Garlic fries!!!
Looking for a mediocre dining experience coupled with inattentive staff for which you can overpay? Look no further than Gordon Biersch!

"A less tasty, more expensive BJ's," as a I typically refer to it, Gordon Biersch is frustrating in its shockingly bland menu, served by staff who don't know how to keep a drink refilled (but frequently just hang around and chat amongst themselves) and quickly stop caring about you once the food is delivered.

I've had a number of bad experiences, from waiting nearly an hour and a half to get our (by then, lukewarm) food during their busy time, with nary a care from our waiter, to having the wait staff completely abandon us after delivering the check, despite it being a slow weeknight and the fact that we were clearly sticking around to talk business for awhile. 

The menu is like an upgraded Applebees. The food is shocking in its blandness, like a hodgepodge of tex-mex, americana, and stunning mediocrity. Entrees will routinely run you between $16-$20 and won't be worth it, they won't cook a burger the way you ask, ("to a minimum of 155°") and things are just generally unpleasant.

People love the garlic fries, but it's just shitty frozen fries doused in what I imagine is canned garlic. I'm not expecting the world here; it's a chain micro-brewery, but these fries do NOT deserve the rave reviews they sometimes get.

The pasta dishes are more of the same: Sysco or thereabouts quality but just wholly lacking flavor and inspiration. Everything feels phoned in, and the entire place just rubs me the wrong way. I've had the misfortune of continuing to come back because it's close to my office and clients like it for some reason. 

Generally, I'll avoid if at all possible. It really leaves a lot to be desired at prices that magnify their shortcomings.
I really wish they had prices on the cocktails. I wouldn't pay $10 for a large glass of a delicious cocktail, never mind a dribble. 
I nearly choked when I saw the bill!
My drink was more expensive than what I ordered, which was burnt and dry.
SO! If you are looking for a place that has hugely expensive drinks, dry usual food, and oddly posh service for some unknown reason. Then look no further!
burning 20 dollar bills? 
Do it here ;)
I have to admit, the reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 is a) I want it to stay in business (which can be hard on Mill these days!) and b) It's one of the few places on Mill where you can bring your child without feeling like you may get heckled. ;) lol Now, I definately enjoy a night out without the babes too, but this is a place I go for happy hour with my husband and daughter. The beer/wine is good, the food is good (I like the southwestern egg roll apps), the price is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is nice (thought I was going to say good, huh?). We love to sit on the patio and people watch.
Sat in the TV room.. pick the dining room for more comfort.  Ordered the sampler.. Czech Pilsner my fav.. not the best bewery in town. Our waitress, (Lauren) knew the beer, was very attentive. and personable.
The food is mediocre..pricey bar food.  The Kobe burger was nothing special and the garlic fries soggy, the potato chip appetizer was cold and weird, cold chips w/some green onions, and hard chips of dark baccon sprinkled about...w/a side of blue cheese crumbles?? to do what with??
and more bacon, and something that was supposed to be Ranch.
Eating outside on a nice night. So far they are really nice.
We had a great experience here. The menu had waayy more than i expected when i thought "brewery". 9pm-close is reverse happy hour and that was all we ordered off of and everything was fantastic. crab and artichoke dip *(req to have it with the bread instead of the cracker, TRUST me),  and yes i will admit we actually had two orders of the dip..it was that scrumptious! shrimp with chili sauce, pork sliders..all yummy! The have combo meals as well on the HH menu. The happy hour choices are great. We will be back to try the real menu as well, i looked it over and it is pretty intriguing.

We had the beer sampler. No this place dies not have the widest selection of beers but the ones they have are pretty good. Check out the seasonal when you go...they also have a huge list of mixed drinks and wines as well.

Atmosphere is nice, low lights, music, t.v's upstairs, outside seating also.
Service was just o.k. he left us alone(ignored), but its o.k. we were just fine being left alone in our little love bubble.
Mediocrity, thy name is Gordon. 

Came here on friend's recommendation to enjoy the outdoor patio and presumably from the name, large amount of fine beers. The patio was OK, but that was about the highlight. I found the beer menu surprisingly limited and uninspired. My friend and I were both disappointed with our ($28!) steaks. Our waiter was moody and uninformed. When we asked for beer and food recommendations his reply was: "Well, I like it all." Thanks, buddy.
Some colleagues and I stopped by here for lunch recently.  After browsing the menu, I decided on the Kobe Sliders, $10.95 that came with a side of Onion Strings.  The food came out pretty fast.  The Sliders were very good....and the Onion Strings were delish!

Our server was very friendly and attentive to our table.  Our Iced Teas and Water glasses were never empty.

Overall, it was a great lunch.

Return Factor - 85%
I first tried Gordon Biersch in San Diego and fell in love with the salmon caesar salad. Now I'm in Tempe and I have been to that location well over 10 times. I will go there for the salmon caesar, but will never stray from my usual order ever again. Unless it's just to pick up a quick order of garlic fries. Those are just yummy!

My friend who introduced me to the place has finally come up with what should be their slogan.... and after going through the latest experiences with them I might have to agree with her. "Gordon Biersch. We'll just serve you what we want."

Let me explain based on my last dining excursion there. My last 3-4 have been about the same.

I arrive with my favorite carnivore who is also my best friend. We are seated promptly and receive our water with no wait. That's always good and they are good at doing this. She orders a burger as she has done for the last 3-4 times. She tells them she wants it medium. I told her she should have said rare because the last several times it came back well done. I strayed from my usual order of salmon caesar and ordered the crab cake sandwich. I asked her if she could substitute the lemon aioli for the tartar sauce, she said sure. I then asked if my garlic fries could be extra crispy and extra garlic and my friend said she didn't want hers that way. Waitress said no problem....

We get our orders. Burger? Well done again, not even close to medium. Fries for my friend? Extra crispy. Crab Sandwich? I had to ask her what the sauce was because it didn't look like the lemon aioli they serve with the appetizer and it didn't look like tartar sauce either. Her response? "Oh that's our cajun sauce." WTH? No asking if I want it? Luckily, I was ok with it. My fries? I got my extra garlic, but they were a little soggy instead of extra crispy.  My friend and I were swapping fries.

We ordered dessert. Should have known better. They don't make their desserts there. That's apparent. The chocolate cake was really dry and their bread pudding was just disappointing (according to my friend). Thank heavens for the vanilla ice cream.... but I could pay much less at DQ.

I will continue to go there for the garlic fries because addicts need to get their fix too. I've learned not to stray from my usual order. Their salmon is never over salted, and always cooked perfectly.
Great Ahi Tuna Salad! I was thoroughly impressed with their portion sizes and taste factor! Service was a little on the slow side, but really had a great meal. Will visit again.
Everything is like average. Like another person reviewed, I also fell in love with the Sandiego branch. Compared to that place, something missed.
However, it is located in the very good place in Tempe. 
Good place to enjoy sports and beer itself. Good place to have a group gathering. and I like their outside seats. :)
Pretty descent food, nice atmosphere.  Also has outside seating with swamp cooling.  Really reminded me of the RAM restaurant (brewery with food).
I have dined here twice and both times the food and service was excellent. Their pizzas are very good and I'd agree with everyone on the garlic fires and onion strings. Good stuff!

My only disappointment was on the second visit when our server brought us our change but did not bring us our coins. Instead he pocketed our $.30 - yes it's not much but it's the principal of the thing...give the correct change!
Service and food suck balls!
I hadn't been here in 2 years and they dont have them in San Antonio. Booo. I was craving their Garlic Fries.. what can i say? You know when you build something up in your head and it just let's you down? Well that just didn't happen! LOVE their garlic fries. Also tried their Cajun Fish tacos and they were overstuffed deliciousness. Not at all spicy so the "cajun" in the title isn't really necessary but tasty all the same.
Good stuff, a bit pricey though, 7 dollar pretzel with beer mustard, I'll pass.
Food was great, beer is good and the service was good until the end when we asked to have the check split (between two couples - not something one would think is difficult.) Our waitress was visibly upset and snatched the receipt and stormed off. She came back with the split check (for which we thanked her), she huff'd and walked away. Not something that would cause me to tell people not to go, but be aware that check splitting may be frowned upon!
I ended up in Tempe when I couldn't fathom batteling the crowds at the Zoo lights.

I really had to go to the bathroom after parking in the area so I decided to stop in to Gordon for a beer and a wee. 

The food smelled delicious but when I looked at the menu I wasn't impressed at all. Too pricey and not so interesting.

However, the beers were yummy! If I end up here again it will only be for the beer.
Best restaurant I've been to in a long time. Kobe beef burgers, very delicious pizza and detailed salads leave you feeling satisfied. I don't recommend the garlic fries unless you really enjoy garlic. However everything was delicious and the atmosphere was completely wonderful. Worth the high price, and the staff was amazing. This place is at the top of my list of recommendations. If you're looking for a place for drinks this is the place to go, haven't been to a brewery restaurant like this before and it's amazing. Defiantly a long list of alcohol, and extensive menu.
Honestly, the best thing about Gordon Biersch is sitting on the balcony to watch the sunset. Beautiful view.

The beers are overpriced, but tasty. The food is quite honestly, meh. Nothing memorable except for the garlic fries. The service each time I have visited has been terrible. Inattentive servers, empty glasses, empty plates. 

Go for the view and a beer and then go elsewhere for dinner.
I'm not quite sure what my obsession was/has been with Gordon Biersch when I'm in Tempe... but I think I ate lunch here like 3 or 4 times when I was here for 6 days. I guess after being out in the sun drinking beer all day, I can't think of anything better then sitting on the balcony with a salad and some Marzen. Gordon Biersch's handcrafted beers are delish. You can get a beer sampler and try them all. The food here has never failed me, but I like to keep it simple when eating lunch (salad, burger, etc.) The restaurant itself is really clean, huge, and very modern. All in all, a great place to stop for a bite to eat and some good beer.

p.s. the garlic fries are a MUST!
Food-Great.  Beer-Great.  Service-Absolutely Terrible.  Ryan M was our server and everything was a challenge, drink refills happened finally as checks came along, took 15 minutes to get credit card processed, and never even offered desert.  It is a shame that such a good restaurant had such terrible service.
Garlic garlic garlic fries! Good Mother freaken burgers word to your mom!
Had the Cajun Pasta this time around, and it was awesome.  Didn't personally try the micro brews but my buddies who had them seemed to like them a lot.  The lobster mac and cheese seemed to be a good option as well.  Get the garlic fries.
I was pretty pleasantly surprised by Gordon Biersch Brewery.  I'm not generally a huge fan of chains, but I was in town and a friend said it was pretty good so what the heck!

We were there at an admittedly odd time - I think it was around 4:30 on a Friday.  We're both midwesterners so while it was happy hour local time, our stomachs were quite insistent that it was time for dinner.

We ended up ordering one appetizer and one dinner to split - and it turns out we had more than enough food.  The appetizer was a Mediterranean thing - pita, hummus, tapenade and a pile of roasted garlic.  Oh, if only I didn't have to talk to people all weekend...    It was very, very good, and they offered to bring more pita bread as we still had lots of spreads but had gone through our allotment.

We also got pecan crusted chicken medallions in a creamy Marzen (one of their featured beers), which was also very, very good.  Nicely cooked and seasoned, and even though it was probably sauteed, it wasn't greasy.

I had the Czech Pilsner, my friend had the Marzen - both were quite good.  I'd definitely try both again.
Efficient and well-run, they seemed to handle the Friday night crowd on a busy weekend very well. Our group of six sat on the balcony, enjoyed our beers, munched on garlic fries, and then had a nice dinner. As the sunset, we shared a couple bread puddings. Good food and service.
Really good, consistent beers on tap. I have yet to find a seasonal that they brew that is not good. The whole menu is a bit on the pricey side, but the quality more than makes up for it. Some personal faves are the Maibock (already on my calendar) and the Winter ale. I was just there recently to check out their Rye ale that was outstanding. Definitely a beer place with food on the side.

Usually, I just pop in for a couple of pints as a mid stop on Mill Ave. The bar is always a good choice and the patio is pretty sweet on during Fall/Winter/Spring season that we have in AZ.

DON'T FORGET THE GARLIC FRIES!
On three occasions I have visited this establishment. The first was good all around food seemed normal, I don't stray far from a hamburger so no surprise there. 

The second time there was a little wait to get seated no big deal it seems like a pretty busy place. 

The most recent time there was a fifteen minute wait for a table. The bar was empty so we waited there. HOWEVER upon further inspection (I looked around) the place seemed no busier than the first or second time, plenty of tables open, seemed strange to me. Well after a few beers we were seated at one of the open tables. Now by this time the bar was full so I suspect that I was a 'plant' to gather more people at the bar. My only concern had this been the case, is that I was not complimented for doing such a good job.

Oh and if you like wheat beers, their hefeweizen is is not half bad...
Don't come to GB on Saint Patrick's day. Really, don't.

Why? Its simple- it just sucks. The place is eeeeeeeempty at noon (it IS St paddys after all) yet the service is ridiculously, unacceptably, slow. They only started thinking of drink specials at 1pm the same day, kind of like an after though, "ooh its a massive drinking holiday today? man, we might have to make a green shot or something". They don't do discounted St Paddy's specials and the place is not decorated with a single balloon, hat or necklace.

Seriously people, you're a German bar... have some holiday compassion for your fellow Irish folk. People are there to get shiftaced, and seriously, you aint helping.

What doesn't change from holiday to every day drinking is their food and drink. The garlic fries were, meh, cold and flacid (yes I could have said "not crispy", but seriously, its more graphic this way). Their beers are ok but the selection is a tad small. Our server brought an extra shot by mistake and she drank it, then charge us for it without telling us. She did that twice and no I didn't really appreciate it. The check separation was appreciated but after such a slow service we really didn't want to stay there any further, there are other bars with cheaper drinks and better attitude... and that's where we're going.
Our food was great and our server was awesome. Poor thing had to deal with a hungry table of 13 after Pat's Run.  The manager was kind Enough to bring $5 gift cards to the first timers too. Great way to welcome new customers and bring people back. I'm so happy they were able to accommodate our large party. Thanks Gordon Biersch!
Went this evening with relatives from the east coast.One member of our party of 4 is an avid brewery visitor,visiting microbreweries whenever he travels.I don't drink at all,but he's quite the beer connesseuir.So he did one of their beer sampler thingies and enjoyed a few of the brews.He said he's had better though.
The resturant was empty and our server Ryan was incredibly polished and professional.He knew not only the Brewery/resturant's offerings,he was happy to make suggestions as well.
He knew a lot about the Tempe area's fast paced history which endeared him to all of us.He was engaged,present and it was obvious he made it a point of bringing excellence to the table.Yes,pun intended.
The food was plentiful,fresh and tasty.
The prices fair for the portion and quality.
Would I be back?Yes,under similar circumstances.
Personally I despeise all that is Mill Ave with it's frat boy and girl mentality and am hard pressed to venture east of 24th street.
I wasn't expecting much from a place I deemed "touristy",but was ever so pleasantly surprised!
Great service and large tvs well positioned for sports. The veggie burger was dry and a little stigy on the garlic fries.   Regular hamburger is good.   Would recommend and would have been 5 stars if the veggie burger was better and less stingy with fries. :). Now that I have given up on Antars this will be my new place for sports.
Really good food! Really crappy service. Past the hostesses, not a single staffer seemed to care about their patrons at all.
They weren't attentive and in the back you could see them folding napkins, yawning, talking.
The server that dropped off the food at the table nearly literally "dropped" them, messing up any presentation the cooks had made and nearly dropping it in my lap.
The Fertitta family should spend some money and time on the customer experience at Gordon Biersch
It used to be great. We came in before the dinner rush for a family dinner for 8. Sat in the very sticky (seriously my shoes are still sticking to everything) bar area and ordered some drinks and apps before moving to our table. Garlic Fries and Flatbread were good, but drink menu was limited because they were out of mint and 1/3 of their cocktail menu uses mint. 

One big thing that I couldn't help but notice when I walked up the stairs are all of the bins full of water surrounding the hostess podium, look up and there's major leaks coming from the ceiling...um, okay? We're not talking a waterfall, but definitely a steady stream of water pouring through different areas of the ceiling. No acknowledgment even when it was mentioned.

So we sit down and place our orders. I've been before and do credit the selection. It's 6:30 now on Thursday night and we are the only table. Based on the food, I can see why. Chicken sandwich was inedible. The chicken was stringy and old like the bacon, looked like it was reheated in microwave. The taste? There really wasn't much taste, just salty. The shredded lettuce was subpar to even Applebee's and the roll didn't help either. I filled up on garlic fries and after we paid and I ventured straight over to Silvermine for a real dinner.  The rest of my inlaws were mixed on their reviews of dishes (lobster Mac - okay, fish and chips - pretty good, steak tacos - no).

Overall, this place used to be nice, but food quality and atmosphere have taken a major tumble. I wouldn't be surprised if this spot is called something else next year.
I've been here a couple times & had good food and good service. Came here most recently on the 4th prior to the fireworks. Had no problem getting a table outside to people watch below. 

Tried a few of the sandwiches, all good. I may be alone on this, but I'm not a huge fan of the garlic fries. 

Has the type of menu where there is something for everyone.
Disappointing to say the least...The food and service are actually "so-so".  The beer is pretty good and the selection is sufficient.  Also, the place is rather upscale and clean so those are pluses as well.

The problem I have with GB is that the location, layout, and the fact that it's a brewery with a full kitchen suggest that it should be much MUCH better.  That is why I rate it as a 3-star place.
Great happy hour. Food was above par.
Love their garlic fries and southwest egg rolls. Their beers are pretty tasty as well. I usually opt for whatever their seasonal is (right its the SummerBrau- nice and light).
ASU ASU! I went here to watch the last home game and have a few beers. I go to Gordon Biersch when no one can decide where to go for 2 reasons: 1- they have beer and 2- they have a vegetarian, vegan and gluten free menu if you ask.... Always a plus in my book.
Nice place, it took about 45 min for us to get seated and then another 50 min before our food came out
Generic. That's all I got. And pretty much all the energy it's worth.
In town for business for a few days, I dined here twice with a group each time. Once for lunch, once for dinner. Good experiences both times, although the food was a little mixed. 

For lunch, I went with the German Kobe Beef Burger. It was large, but didn't have a of flavor. There was about a tablespoon of sauerkraut on it as well, which (taste-wise) was about on par with the rest of the burger. Okay, but not a lot of flavor. 

Disclaimer: Please take my criticisms of any German cuisine with a grain of salt. I lived there for 11 years and the Germans spoiled me with their cooking. It's not entirely fair for me to compare authentic German food prepared by Germans with our best American shot at the same. Unless they hired a German cook. In which case he should be ashamed of himself...

Okay with that out of the way, let's move on to dinner the following evening, shall we? 

I went with the server's recommendation again (I'm doing this a lot lately). She recommended the fish tacos so I went with them. 

They were truly outstanding!!!! The absolute best tacos I've had, hands down. I'm not exaggerating, they were really that good. And they even come out on these cool little metal stands that keep your taco upright until you're ready to pick it up and have at it. Pretty nice. 

They also came with a side of white rice covered in black beans. Also very good. 

And on both occasions the service was impeccable. There's a large dining area and a bar too if you prefer to dine solo like that. Or with a group. It's really up to you. 

And there's outdoor seating, too. 

All in all, I've been a big fan of Gordon Biersch restaurants everywhere I've gone in the country. And Tempe, AZ, keeps the tradition alive.
This is a good place to sit back and relax. Overlooking mill avenue, you can sit on the 2nd floor patio and enjoy a cold beer and some tasty garlic fries either on a visit to Tempe or after work and class.
Located on the "party street" of Tempe, AZ... Mill street has character and you can view it all and the people from the bar area of this spot.  Second floor, great window seating if its not too packed.
The only Gordon Biersch I have attended was located in Taipei, Taiwan. The IPA there was AMAZING and the wine here was FANCY.
My girl and I wanted some drinks before our sushi extravaganza and we were torn apart between a beer sampler or something bubbly. Great Seasonal Ale's were also available. And we had a sample of them before we made our final choice. 
We held our pinky's up and went all out on some whites. She got the moscato and I got chardonnay. No REGRETS ;)
Staff was friendly, seating was good and the crowd was chill for a Sunday evening. They had games playing on the TVS and food was being served ~ very casual, dinner date approved.
Most of my run-ins with Gordon have been at an airport, so I was slightly skeptical of the quality.  Turns out I was pleasantly surprised.  The area was active with plenty of people watching and the temperature outside made it perfect to sit on the balcony.  The food was above average in taste but I would be afraid to check out the nutritional value of what I ate!  If beer is your thing, I think you will be happy with the variety and some of the more unique offerings.  Expect pub food and service and you won't be disappointed.
Goes down in history as one of me and my guy's favorite places with the best memories. What I appreciate most about this place, is how they maintain a somewhat peaceful ambiance compared to the rest of mill ave, even in the midst of the chaos!
Just OK, Can never go bad with the biers at Gordon Biersch. Service was very good, food was below normal. Wife had mac with lobster and shrimp, I had the lobster bisque and streak frites, Mac and lobster and the lobster bisque was somewhat bland tasting while the streak frites were overly salted.
Such a fun place to go and eat. I hardly come to Tempe but after coming here for the first time, I plan on going back. Great food, service was excellent and the VIEW is amazing (From the patio).
The beer is good, the food not so great.  My pasta was very bland and overpriced. I would ONLY go back for beer, French fries, and dessert.
I had a work dinner here last night and we had a very nice time. Other than having to walk up a billion stares to get into the place everything was great. Being on the third floor you get a cool view of Mill Ave. 

Probably a cool place to watch a game or get a happyhour drink after work.  

We started in the bar for a happy hour cocktail. I tried the Pilsner they had on draft, very tasty. 

They sat us at a nice table in the dinning room and the service was good. Nothing stood out as extraordinary, but there were no complaints from anyone. I would defiantly recommend and use them in the future.
2 words. Garlic Fries. 


That is all...Amazing
We moved to Tempe Town Lake & we were at Biersch almost daily to meet friends, family, have burger & a few beers, & enjoy the patio.  The food is just eh people go here for the beer & patio.We thought this would be a great place to spend our New Years Eve. I called a week in advance to check on my reservation I had made the week before and they could not find it.  I called days in advance to check on the reservation again they did not see the res that I had made twice.  I literally called hours before the event to check on my res and guess what? They couldnt find it.  I spoke with the mgr it was a man and I dont recall the name unfortunately.  He told me that I could not make a res for the night that they were not taking any.  I told him I had just spoken with one of the girls 30 minutes prior & that I was getting a head count & confirming my guests & I was now calling back to confirm.  He said ok in that case he would take my res.  I had such an uneasy feeling about this whole thing so I called again about an hour before we were to show up and OMG they still could not find a reservation for us.  I am not kidding.  The girl took the res and assured me it would be fine.  We show up go to the hostess and ask for our reservation for 12 they said they did not have a res for us.  Again not joking.  I stood there in complete disbelief but kept my calm & just tried to get to the bottom of it.  There were 4 young hostesses standing in front of us & none of them could find this reservation.  I looked over their little podium and could see my name scribbled on their reservation paper so I pointed to it & said isnt that it?  The first hoestess said oh, the second oh, the third oh, the 4th said oh.  It was like an SNL skit.They set up a table for us near the window as requested.  When we first got there we only had 4 of our 12 people because others were on their way & we had arrived an hour early in case we ran into problems which we did.  Not even 5 minutes after we were seated a group of people walked up and stood near our table looming over us looking at us weird and then the groups spokesperson came over this guy was a Tony Soprano type & he said Hey is this your table? I said are you serious right now?  He says ya how do you know this is your table?  Lets see we made a "reservation" and we are sitting here.  Is this happening right now?  This guy was pissed.  He told us to get up and move and hes got 12 people standing behind him.  He said this isnt your table this is my table I made a reservation.  I told the guy to go take a flying leap and leave us alone.  He bitched and moaned loudly that the waitress told him we were randoms and that we just walked in and sat ourselves. He wouldnt shut his face.  I did my best to ignore the idiot.  Our waitress came over and apologized for this idiots behavior and the waitress that said we just sat ourselves. The idiots party was sat near our table where they taunted us all night toasting to us in the most negative ways you could think of.  All of us tried to just ignore it.  They were telling the server they were rolling on E and then she would come over and tell us about it.  We stepped out to the balcony to watch fireworks around 10 and the idiots were out there.  I thought I could easily ignore it and get along but they were all psycho drunk and drugged out and still going on and on about us taking their table it was beyond nuts so I just said hey lets get past this and have a good time.  They seemed to take that well until one of the men from our party stepped out to the patio. All the idiots ganged up on him got in his face and one of our other guys tried to step out to save him but they stopped the door from opening with their feet.  Panic set in for me and I tried to push my way out there to break up the insanity.  Somehow we settled it all down before something happened but those guys were threatening us.  Our guys went back in and sat down.  Just before midnight I stepped out to the patio again to see what was happening on the street and that party of people was again out there smoking and insane going on and on about us and how they were kicked out.  We had nothing to do with it I had no idea they were kicked out.  I went to the bathroom and while I was in there WE were also kicked out.  When we first arrived I had asked our server to split up the check and asked will that be a prob she said no.  I was also going to use my Biersch card to get the points but when they kicked us out they turned into A HOLES they would not split the bill and they wouldnt take the Biersch card.  I tried to speak to management on my way out to tell them the insanity we endured all night and the injustice of kicking us out as well.  She could give a crap.  So we went from almost everyday customers that brought 20 people with us on many occasions to none of us have been there since we are all spreading the word and boycotting this joint.  All of that was Bierschs fault. IDIOTS
Nothing beats dining al fresco in the Phoenix version of summertime. Snagged a seat outside here with cousin and had a few enjoyable meals. His meditterean Chicken appeared healthy as it came off the Heart healthy menu. Enough healthy stuff, my order was stuffed chicken and this was prepared way different than normal, which is usually spinach and cheese inside. In this version, it was goat cheese mostly with some cheddar and sun dried tomatoes. The chicken breast was sliced into four pieces and it was kind of served open face. It looked small, but was filling at 15 bucks (see photo). I switched out the Kale concoction for Garlic mashed potatoes (the garlic fries appetizer was way better) and there was some average veggies on the plate. Perhaps the best item on that plate was the roasted garlic peanut dipping sauce. Truly legendary on that item. Beer here has kind of not changed in many moons - same stuff for years, so maybe a new flavor or two will get that fifth star.  Sunsets are awesome too from here. Orange explosion.
This is absolutely wonderful!!! The beer is great the food is wonderful!!! This is the best eating experience i have had in a long time! Absolutely fabulous!
Great late night happy hour. Their seasonal IPA on tap was one of the better IPA's I've had. Also had their strawberry soda was quite tasty. Best part of our ding experience was the friendliness of the staff.
I had dinner here over the weekend for the first time. I wouldn't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was probably one of the worst sandwiches I have had. I felt pretty sick the rest of the night. My hubbys burger wasn't wonderful either. 

There are tons of places to eat on Mill, next time I know not to stop in here. Oh but I do have to say that our waitress was really friendly and did a great job.
We're so done with this place.

Years ago Gordon's was such a great place to go for lunch when there was a fun festival on Mill Ave, or for dinner when you and your friends were going out for some fun. Now Gordon's is a place full of constant disappointments.
A couple months ago we went to the Gordon's in San Tan Village and we were served cold, tasteless food. A month later we decided to give them another try and it happened again. This time I wrote to Gordon's telling them of our unsatisfactory visits, and they were very courteous and mailed us gift cards while encouraging us to give them another try.

Today we visited the Mill Ave location and regardless that the food was free because of the gift cards I wished we hadn't gone. We sat in the self seating area near the bar. Our server was very standoffish and you could tell he didn't want to be there at all. He brought us our soda's and took our order but he didn't bother to ask how we wanted our burgers cooked, nor did he ask which option we wanted for our sides. While waiting for our food I noticed both of our glasses were dirty and had old food remnants in them!! I grabbed another server who was walking by and told her. She apologized and took the glasses. A few minutes later she brought our new sodas over and said, "Well we serve lemons and strawberries in our glasses from the lemonades but they were sterilized so the food pieces in them were clean so it's okay." Are you effing kidding me!? Finally the food came and just like the San Tan Village location the food was cold, and absolutely tasteless. We finished our meal gave the gift cards to the server and left. 

Seriously, if you're looking for a fabulous burger, great beer, excellent service and an a fun atmosphere please take the time and go to the San Tan Brewery which is in Chandler off of Arizona Ave and Chandler Blvd in the old town area. You won't be disappointed! As my dad would say, they could sell their burgers in India they're so good. http://www.santanbrewing.com/
However, if you're in Tempe and don't want to drive all the way to Chandler (and okay with fighting for parking) try Four Peak's Brewery, they're also fantastic.  http://www.fourpeaks.com/
Met a couple of friends here for an afternoon drink and a light bite and we had a great time. Service was really nice and the food was pretty good.

I must say I love the patio where you can sort of see a lot of Mill and when the weather is great (like it was the day we were there) I don't know why anyone would sit inside.

We'll be back for sure, honestly I don't think it's anything off the charts or unique but it's a great place to hang out from time to time.
Of the 5 years I attend ASU and the 7 I've been in Tempe, last night was the first time I'd been to Gordon Biercsch. A friend was back in town visiting and he picked this place to meet up with some local friends. They have a prime location on Mill with 2nd floor overlook Mill Ave and A Mountain. Our group of 9 was seated in the bar and our service was good - can't complain. I had the grilled cheese sandwich with garlic fries and a Kentucky Peach drink. The drink was forgettable, especially for $10. The entree was also okay - it wasn't bad, but it was nothing I would make a trip back for. I would say though that because of the view, I would probably come back for happy hour on the balcony since it is so gorgeous.
worst place on mill ave better off goin to Burger king for better service and food
Great place for an afternoon drink and bite to eat. Outdoor balcony patio overlooks Mill Street, plus they have misters that keep the air cool.

Legendary Garlic Fries. They will Blow You Away!! After eating these fries you'll never want normal french fries ever again...EVER!!! 

Blue Crab and Artichoke Dip: Do It! Do It! Do It!! You won't regret it. Awesome. Amazing. Wow!

Gordon Biersch Hefeweizen: Goes down soooooo SMOOTH! I don't normally like Hef but I definitely Dig this one.
Pros: Clean. Consistent quality with other chain restaurants.

Cons: My friends and I came here on Wednesday night. I think we were dressed appropriately (especially since everyone else in the dining room was wearing casual clothes and shorts). However, the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room. Maybe because it was all Caucasian people in the dining room and we were a party of 2 Asian girls, 1 Caucasian girl, and 1 African American girl. The hostess attempted three times to get us to not eat in the dining room. After I refused, she grudgingly sat us near the other patrons. This set a very negative tone for the rest of our meal.  I had the root beer (bland), calamari (can't see why it gets such rave reviews), garlic fries, and lobster bisque.
Pros : clean place
Cons: lots. The service was horrible, especially when you are paying pretty high for the food and drinks. Cocktail Drinks cost about $10 and entries average about $16-$24. And when you get bad service for spending so much, that would drive me crazy. 

Drinks and food were ok. Not the quality I expected. There r lots of other restaurants on mill ave that are far better.

In short, I personally would not recommend this place to any of my friends n relatives.
Awesome Craft Beers and great food.
Of all the restaurants I have been to this is the worst. The server who served us was extremely rude he just slammed the menu on our table and dint even bother to be friendly . We were completely put off by his attitude. Food was really expensive. The only good thing abt this restaurant is that it is located in mill avenue.
Came here with some friends for dinner and drinks. The service was great, food was great. Their beer is not for me. I had the summer seasonal which tasted like a watered down bud-light and bud-light already has a watered down taste to begin with. The next one I had was there Amber, which was just not very good.
Went on a Sunday for dinner and drinks. It was alright. Atmosphere was good. The food was good. I got some appetizer thing. It had the garlic fries and southwest rolls and flat bread with hummus. I was a fan. I opted for the summer season beer which the waitress described as "refreshing". She didn't mention it was as refreshing as water because it was a watered down bud light. I also tried the brownie dessert. It was dry and stale. Waitress took it off the bill. I'd go back but based on the price and everything, it wouldn't be my first choice.
Good tacos, a little disappointed w/ the lack of hot sauce but all around great meal at a great price.
This place has a really good happy hour! And the drinks are good. On the weekends it can get a little crowded but that's ok because I love the drinks. I also am a fan of the brownie!!! Like I usually always order that by the end of the night. I used to go in there very often so they knew me, but I don't live in Phoenix anymore so I don't go. But I would recommend this place even though it's on Mill and I hate Mill. This place is a good spot for drinks and relax mingling.
Good food, good service. More of a bar than restaurant.
Food is pretty good, the beer is better.  This is a good place for larger groups, a little something for everyone.
As much as I like beer and good service, of which both GB has plenty of; what I find myself lacking as a patron here is personality - even though I get the feeling that, this is by design and not by accident. 

The Food. 
You know what, I only had appetizers. I had most of the appetizers on the menu, and nothing had a wow factor. It just wasn't there. Maybe I should come back at another time, but then again for the price I just expect more adventure than a carefully designed meal that doesn't stick out in its defense to please the masses. 

The Beer. 
Yes I had the Beers. Several from the whole spectrum, and if I had to recommend a malty beverage I'd say I would recommend the Märzenbier (or they call it Märzen). Its color is darker than its taste, but I found it very pleasurable. In fact I think all the beers are worth a sample in this place. 

The Service. 
I'd say that the service is extremely professional. From the greeter, to the personable waiter/waitress couple that served our party. I CAN believe that the service will depend on the party, and if you look like you are not fitting the desired clientele, you might receive a lesser service. With that said, service for me was great. 

The Overall. 
For a business casual lunch/dinner meeting, I think this place is THE place. Especially if the client you are trying to grease is a beer drinker (even if they have other very tasty drinks). But for the average guy (me) it is the kind of establishment franchise I am actively trying to avoid. It's too bland for me, and the price for stated blandness is too high. If I only consider service then I would be all for it, but I am a foodie so I can't stand behind that.
Skimpy skimpy pours on wine, almost ridiculously so.  Food was mediocre. Server was nice but inattentive.  Would not go back... Too many better choices in the neighborhood
Quality of food has gone down. 12 dollars for four pieces of ahi tuna on some wilted ass greens. Really? Another place on Mill just waitin to go out of business. Only thing keeping it open is the beer at this point. Fuck the garlic fries. I can make better.
Last Saturday evening, me and a friend went here and sat at the bar. It took 10 minutes for the bartender to notice us and there was only three people at the bar. He finally came over to ask us what we wanted then he when back over to the other side and started talking to some girls and washing glasses. We order the beer sample which didn't require those types of glasses. After about another 15 mins (I was timing it) he kept talking to the girls by the wash area. We finally left and as we walked by he said "oh sorry"
steak frites drizzelled in mushroom sauce, garlic fries, appetizer fish tacos, even the chicken parm

well rounded food. good waiters! 

Love eating here when im in town! 

oh yeah, if you like beer they have lots or microbrew options for one to explore!
Had the Kobey beef cheese burger and it was good! Would recommend it! As a side, had regular fries, I extremely dislike the garlic fries. The server was friendly and did a good job! But by far the best thing was the filet sliders! They were so good, that it made the Kobey burger not taste as great!
Even though it kills my husband that I order it, their $10 'fancy' grilled cheese sandwich is amazing.  Not crazy about the garlic fries like everyone else though... They will make you sweat garlic for a week.  Really good beers too.
Beer/ restaurant.

This place was recommended by a friend in the area as well as the hotel front desk so we ambled over to grab something to eat after flying all day.

The place is located on the upper floors of the a busy corner building and the entrance is not that noticeable (at least not to us it wasn't) but after a little back and forth, we figured it out and walked up.  Grabbed a high top at the bar area and the super friendly waitress came right over.

The place has a decent selection of beers and a good sized menu so we were able to  get out libation going and some food ordered in short order.

I was looking for something on the healthier side- grilled veggie tacos looked like the best bet and they turned out to be pretty good.  Washed it all down with a nice Czech pilsner and skipped dessert.

The interior was sort of something between a Houston's and a western kind of thing- again, maybe to us easterners that is how it looks.

Solid, middle of the road and I would hit it again if in the area.

Parking on the street,.
I've been at Gordon Biersch operations around the country and they are all consistently good.

They've changed the menu somewhat since my last visit (unless each restaurant gets to design its own, which I doubt).

The food is good and the service friendly.

This particular branch is on the second floor and has a little bit of a weird layout, but it's attractive and you can also eat outdoors on the balcony.

Of course, the beer is quite good, as it has been at every one of my experiences at these restaurants.
I went to Gordon Biersch Brewery after Octoberfest 2013, and needless to say I was already buzzin and wanted to have some good food, because well Octoberfest failed to provide.  Anywho , as we strolled down Mill Ave my friend recommended Gordon Biersch Brewery, and I said "what the heck why not" It was going to be a new experience for me. Well as we walked up the 3 flights of stairs I was very impressed with such a nice place. It was clean, we sat outside on the 2nd floor overlooking Mill Ave and it was such a nice view.  We had 2 delicious "Hefeweizen" beers and they were absolutely wonderful, fresh, yummy with a hint of Banana as the aftertaste, It was liquid heaven indeed.  
My friend and I both had the Marzen Burger with garlic fries and it was good.  The server was great, gave us a lot of attention and served us with a smile. All in all it was a fun experience. 

We had purchased some candles at octoberfest and we had these tiny bags to hold our stuff in, and somehow accidentally left our bags on the table after we had paid for our food.  We simply walked out and left it behind. 
Later that evening, just before Gordon Biersch Brewery had closed we realized that we didn't have our stuff with us. I immediately called them at 11pm and asked if we had left our bags there, and they quickly said yes, the Gentleman I spoke with was "Mike" 

So the next day I took off work early, invited my buddy to tag along and have another round of Hefeweizen's in the afternoon and this time we took the elevator rather than walk up the flight of stairs, and the elevator takes right into the dining area, very classy.  So once again I took the patio, shared a few Hefenweizen's and was treated good. Thanks again Mike for holding onto my candles and not letting anyone rip me off.  Such a class act, I will definitely be back and bring along my Dad to give him a taste of a new beer and EXCELLENT SERVICE!
Gotta say... great location, great service, and wonderful atmosphere. It's a fine spot with plenty of happy hour specials and a colossal menu. Love the wide open patio space and the huge windows.... you kind of feel outside even if you aren't, which rocks. Tons of natural light.

My girlfriend and I sat down at a bar table and perused the large, large menu. With soooooo many beers and plenty of cocktails, I was super surprised to hear that they didn't carry any ciders at all. What!? Sad... but I ordered a Bloody Mary instead and it was pretty darn good. Nothing super special, but no complaints. I drank it all!

Of course you'll find any kind of appetizer you want here. For real. Nachos, egg rolls, bruschetta, crab cakes, ahi, chips, fries, dips, wings, sliders..... the entrees are just as varied. I wanted to order the tacos which sounded fab, but they only have flour tortillas and no corn substitute. Bummer. It's cool, our waitress knew exactly what was and wasn't GF on the menu. I opted for the Garlic Fries which weren't fantastic, but were indeed covered in plenty of fresh garlic and you can never go wrong there. Yay for horrific breath!

I'd return to Gordon Biersch because it's casual, comfortable, and familiar. Something for everyone, decent prices, and quick friendly service. Nothing too unique or interesting, but a fun time all the same.
A friend brought me in here yesterday to try the winter seasonal. We happen to go on a Sunday during the football games and they were featuring an all day happy hour. The seasonal was a dollar off (not much but can't complain) and all hand crafted cocktails were 5 dollars. Not usually martini and margarita type of person but for over 50% off we couldn't resist. All four of us got manly martinis, cosmos, and margaritas.

The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because I think the Four Peaks winter seasonal is better, nothing Gordon Biersch can do about that...
Good atmosphere...wasnt crazy about the food...nor was anyone in my party. The area on mill st. was fun.
The Tempe location always has excellent service.  I came here with a group of ladies from work celebrating the holidays during lunch.  Our server was attentive and very accommodating.  All our food and drink orders were right on and she new we were only lunch break so it came out pretty fast.  All our food was excellent, we all enjoyed our selections.  The server had no hesitation about bringing separate checks.  I will suggest Gordon Biersch for more luncheons with our work group in the future.
This place was pretty cool. Don't get confused by the entrance. Its just a stairwell, the bar is 3 flights up. Our server was really nice and knew her beers. The food here was also on point. The california flat bread, chicken harvest salad, pizza, and chicken blt were all the bomb. Not to mention their garlic fries!!!!! I didn't actually have their beer here, but 3 guys in our group ordered their flights. They were fans of the darker beers. We were a group of 8 and didn't have a reservation, but they seated us right away on a friday night! They also have a lot of flat screen tvs. The place is huge. They have seating indoors and outdoors. A great hang out spot if you ask me.
An average experience. We came for the happy hour and there are some good options. The food was okay, nothing that blew me away. We were out on the patio/balcony area which gives a great view.  Our server was very attentive. The beers are of course great.
I went to this place once before and enjoyed it (I had a second interview here). Maybe it was the fact that I was extremely hungry being out of work and needing a full meal or temporary insanity because when I went back today, that was not the case.

In short, here's what was wrong:

In our party of 8, the service was slow & not very attentive.  It took a long time for the food to come to the table. The food was not cooked as ordered, which was fixed but afterward, the food made us physically ill. We ate at 5 and still feeling the effects of the bad food at 12:20am.  I will probably never eat there again and I only had the lobster bisque which tasted nothing like lobster.
Since Outback was packed for days
We ventured towards mill and decided on GB

I've always been a fan of GB
I called ahead just in case and the girl at the front put us down, even though she said there would be no wait

You can never be too sure

We were seated on the western part of the dining room and we were both kinda worried

We didn't think we were going to get any service, let alone drinks...

But our server Steven, was absolutely great
He was in charge of a pretty large section but he made sure to visit each table and take care of everything

I would not be able to do that 

He was great in recommendations and was super knowledgable of the menu

I went for the Cajun chicken pasta with a golden export beer
The pasta was really good
It was nice and spicy and had chicken, shrimp, and sausage
The beer was yummy as well

Steven made sure to check on us periodically and was very nice and could carry a short convo

He really made the entire dining experience wonderful

A job well done

We will be back
Nom noms. Very good. The beer was dang good. The food was spot on too.
Love the patio.  You have to go during happy hour for a good deal.  Happy hour starts at 3:30 but if you call they will say 4.  If you ask they will say 4 but in print everything says 3:30.  I love the Winterbock beer.  Still not over what an a hole the manager was on New Years Eve.  Anyway trying to let that go :-)
We have been here a few times during routine Mill runs and for dining. Food isn't the best, but it is pretty good. Drink selection is solid. You should expect ten to twenty minute wait times and above average service. Stay away from the appetizer platters- they don't deliver.
Not bad food at all.  I had the chicken BLT sandwich - it was fresh and plentiful.  For a brewery, they didn't have a very large amount of microbrews - I think they had 7 or 8.  I tried the Czhech Pilsner and it was darned good.

The only thing bringing them down is the service - we sat outside and had to hunt down our waitress a couple of times.
My Dad and I came for a late lunch after a Cubs game.
The server was very funny and knowledgeable... He was spot-on with the beer selections. My dad got the Marzen and I got the HEF...banana and clove, yup...Thnx server guy, sorry I forget ur name. 

The food was Okay...But the Garlic fries are AWESOME ! ! ! at least with a Beer they are...

I got the Beef Dip and my Dad got a Club sandwich...Good but it's not like they're reinventing the wheel with these two classics...

BEER BEER BEER ! BEER BEER BEER ! BEER BEER BEER !
I didn't try the food, so this is just coming in for drinks on a Friday night. 

My husband and I went upstairs to the upstairs bar and we wanted to sit on the patio, but it was quite chilly for us. Our waitress was nice and we loved the beer selection. This is one of those restaurants where it wouldn't be bad to bring in your family as the crowd seemed more mature than the other bars located in the area.
This is the best brewed beer I have ever had. I love the rooftop atmosphere. It's perfect when your casually dressed. Service was great too.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! It brews it's own beer; which rocks my world! Their pizza is Amazeballs! Also, I really dig the ahi tuna salad is great! Such a fantastically accommodating place too! They host Running For Brews every Tuesday! Great staff! Quick service!
First time here for a party off 2 after passing many times on mill. We were seated outside, given our menus and that was it. We waited 15 minutes and still not even  water. We left, made sure the manager knew. They offered a free meal, but it's not fun eating your food when you know the restaurant knows they messed up.
We had to put our own tables together to accommodate our party of 8.  The service was very slow.  The server was forgetful.  AND... The Chicken California flatbread pizza gave my wife food poisoning!
The food here is pretty good but I do find it a bit on the pricey side for lunch. I usually come here when I am working so rarely do I get to indulge in the craft beers on tap. 

I really enjoy sitting out on the patio when the weather allows although service can be a slow. Sometimes I think they forget I am sitting out there. They have a nice seasonal menu (great crab cakes) and the garlic fries are a must. (Just make sure you bring mints because they are powerful).
Fantastic food and service! Great self brewed beer! Staff is very knowledgeable about the beer and the food. Ahi Tuma was cooked to perfection. You would think it was an East Coast seafood joint. Garlic fries are a must - be sure to ask for ranch dressing to dip them in.
I have to say that I am a fan of this place.  It is a standard visit for me when in the Phoenix area.  First, it is great to sit out on the deck, and watch the human traffic on Mill.  Come on.. it's ASU!  the beer is great, but they need some more hoppy beers, kind of lacking there.  Had the tuna starter, then some other, non-descript salad.  the tuna was like candy.  Fantastic. Salad and beer was above average, but not 5-star.  Will always stop through here.
Went here for drinks with he spouse on a Tuesday afternoon. We didn't try the food so can't speak on that. It was gorgeous out so asked to sit on the patio. Short wait for that. We definitely enjoyed people watching from the upstairs patio on Mill. 
The beer was good. Between us we tried the Pilsner, Marzen and Maibock. The latter two hit the spot for me, even if the Maibock was a bit sweet. It was exactly what I needed then. What I loved was the 21oz servings of the beer and since we went on Tuesday at happy hour, each set us just $2.50! I gotta say, this alone will be bringing us beer drinkers back for more and we'll definitely be trying the food next time!
There was a regular running group meeting there as well so I am looking forward to checking that out.
I am writing this review for my daughter and her friends. Saturday, May 24th my daughter and her group (6 all together) had made 6:30 dinner reservations the previous week. They arrived at the restaurant, needless to say was not busy, and sat down. To wrap up the whole night/situation was the service was slow and non attentive. I don't know whether the fact that this was a group of 17 yr. old kids but the young lady that was their server that night had them wait 40 minutes before taking their order after telling her twice they were ready and her response was "I'll be right back" and never came back. The server's attitude was rude. 40 minutes to order, REALLY! They were celebrating a friends birthday, needless to say did not turn out to be very memorable.
First let me say there are several flights of stairs to get up to the restaurant brewery so don't drink to much. They do have a elevator if you can't so stairs after eating one of their burgers or drinking to many beers! Personally I like the place because while it's on Mill ave aka college party street, it's not inside.Their beers are decent and worth a try, nothing special but good! The service is great, fast and they refilled our waters and brought the check promptly. Their  burgers aren't ridiculously over priced but for lunch it is a little pricey. Overall A+
Hell no!
My first warning should have been only one other table occupied by a table of 4 that was quite vocal about the place.  They quickly left.
The 2nd warning shot should have been waiting 15 minutes for our menu, another 20 minutes for our appetizer and then 30 minutes for our overcooked totally bland food that was barely luke warm.
They beat all the flavor out of the Kobe beef sliders to the consistency of shoe leather.  And then the food finally shows up, definitely not even warm.
My son's 1/2 pound burger was supposed to be medium...nope.  My gorgonzola rib eye was supposed to be medium rare...again, nope.  Obviously the kitchen can only cook everything well done & suck all the flavor out.  My daughter's salad was completely forgettable.  The one saving point was the strawberry lemonade.  Probably bought somewhere else.
Is it any wonder that 4 Peaks is ALWAYS full and this place was a ghost town?  Not to us.
And then the final kick in the pants was the $85 tab for a meal that made was completely underwhelming.  Service was so-so.
We went here because I got gift certificates for Father's Day and will never return.
**Original review from 6/1/2011. Updating new profile.**

I first tried Gordon Biersch in San Diego and fell in love with the salmon caesar salad. Now I'm in Tempe and I have been to that location well over 10 times. I will go there for the salmon caesar, but will never stray from my usual order ever again. Unless it's just to pick up a quick order of garlic fries. Those are just yummy!

My friend who introduced me to the place has finally come up with what should be their slogan.... and after going through the latest experiences with them I might have to agree with her. "Gordon Biersch. We'll just serve you what we want."

Let me explain based on my last dining excursion there. My last 3-4 have been about the same.

I arrive with my favorite carnivore who is also my best friend. We are seated promptly and receive our water with no wait. That's always good and they are good at doing this. She orders a burger as she has done for the last 3-4 times. She tells them she wants it medium. I told her she should have said rare because the last several times it came back well done. I strayed from my usual order of salmon caesar and ordered the crab cake sandwich. I asked her if she could substitute the lemon aioli for the tartar sauce, she said sure. I then asked if my garlic fries could be extra crispy and extra garlic and my friend said she didn't want hers that way. Waitress said no problem....

We get our orders. Burger? Well done again, not even close to medium. Fries for my friend? Extra crispy. Crab Sandwich? I had to ask her what the sauce was because it didn't look like the lemon aioli they serve with the appetizer and it didn't look like tartar sauce either. Her response? "Oh that's our cajun sauce." WTH? No asking if I want it? Luckily, I was ok with it. My fries? I got my extra garlic, but they were a little soggy instead of extra crispy.  My friend and I were swapping fries.

We ordered dessert. Should have known better. They don't make their desserts there. That's apparent. The chocolate cake was really dry and their bread pudding was just disappointing (according to my friend). Thank heavens for the vanilla ice cream.... but I could pay much less at DQ.

I will continue to go there for the garlic fries because addicts need to get their fix too. I've learned not to stray from my usual order. Their salmon is never over salted, and always cooked perfectly.
I'm not a big chain restaurant type of person but if I am going to a chain I'd rather go here or Karl Strauss rather than an Applebee's or anything on those lines.
I've been in town for the week and this place was the closest to my hotel where I could get some food and watch a World Cup game.  The place is clean, my server was nice, they had the games on and decent food.
It's not easy to find a place where you can get a healthy meal and watch a sports game but this was my best option for both of those things I needed.
I had the ahi tuna salad which was okay, it was really small but the sauces and dressings tasted really good.  The ahi is nothing compared to what you can get from RA sushi across the street but again I needed the game also.
All of the other food around me looked really good though, the table next to me had gotten a BBQ chicken pizza which looked delicious and another table behind me had gotten burgers/sandwiches and fries so this is probably the better choice over raw fish at this type of place.  I've had a veggie burger at the San Fran location and will say that was amazing and I imagine that's on Tempe's menu also.
I personally don't drink beer but I do know from others that they have a fantastic beer selection and of course they have wine as well!
Overall good place if you're craving beer and burgers and don't want a dive bar or a chain.
My Mom and I had been snacking all day so we weren't all that hungry. We shared the Filet Mignon Sliders with a super tender filet with housemade peppercorn mayo and Havarti. Crispy onions and arugula on the side. It was totally worth the 7.50. We had the beer sampler which was great to taste each one. 

We went with a group of 12 women and our waitress was awesome, don't remember her name but she has blond hair. She was always checking on us.

Happy to see that there are some Gordon Biersch restaurants in CA. Can't wait to go back our friends food looked amazing!
I hadn't been to Gordon Biersch to eat anything other than fries since...well, ever!  Way back when I used to come here to swing dance in their dining room.  No joke!  They had a live band and pushed the tables away and scads of kids would come out and dance for hours and just eat their fries.  I always thought their fries were good. 

I went the other night and was acutally impressed with how good the food was.  I had the Cedar Plank Pecan Crusted Salmon, and it was delightful.  The fish was fresh and the dill cream sauce a great accompainament.  I had their hefeweizen which is as good now as it was when it was quenching my jitterbug induced thirst.

And the fries are still good.
Great beer, decent burgers, not great dinner...TOO LOUD ALL THE TIME!!  A place with 200 people doesn't need a crappy band to play way too loud. Last time I was there I found myself screaming to the girl across the table from me.  We were 2 feet away from each other and on the opposite side of the place from the band...and it was so loud I felt like I was in a club.

Lose the bands, improve the dinners and keep the beers great and you have a good place.

I had a jambalaya and it was just awful.  It was rice with some meat and a spicy sauce.  Not good at all.
Great selection of beers!! Its big...and its loud..and its Vegas' version of Socal's BJs!! Yay for BJs...wait...no...i don't think i meant it like that!! Sick little minds...
The Marzen beer was sooo yummy! As was the Pomegranate Lemonade. Mm! I had a blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich and it was also incredible.

A lot of people are comparing this place to BJ's in Southern California but what they're forgetting is that the food at BJ's is barely one step above dog food!! It's pretty foul. In comparison, Gordon Biersch is a freakin' five-star restaurant.

The quality of the food was great, the prices were reasonable, the garlic fries were yummy, and I wish the only location of GB that we had in SoCal hadn't gone out of business a couple years ago!!

I would recommend checking this place out for dinner instead of lunch-- a lot of their entrees sounded really good, but even in Vegas I had a hard time letting myself order a $18 plate of pasta for lunch! The sandwiches were amazing too, though.
I love this place! Not much of a beer fan, but I mus say the marzen was really good. 

Great burgera nd the garlic fries are out f this world!!
I really enjoy Gordon Biersch either for lunch or dinner. Service is always friendly and they have a wide variety of "new" american pub food. Beer is also very good and they have great prices during happy hour. This is also a great place for a business lunch becuase you can be in and out in about 45 minutes.
Much better than I expected for a chain brew pub. We had excellent service and it wasn't too busy or too loud either. I had the BBQ pork sandwich and the Marzen BBQ sauce was so delicious. I love BBQ and this was definitely up there. My only complaint was that it came with coleslaw on it and the menu didn't say that it did. Kinda annoying because I had to scrape it off. Overall, very good and I will be checking out the CO location.
Although this is one of a chain of similar restaurant/breweries, it's none the worse for that. The beer is fine if a little bland, and the food is great. We also visited on a Sunday afternoon which was jazz time, and felt a little like fresh meat for the older ladies there
I only came for the Marzen and Hefeweizen. These are my favorites of this brewer. I remember when the San Francisco location opened in the 90's. 

Since this is a Palo Alto, CA California Baby born business, I thought I would throw a few pennies their way. 

I came, I drank, I got  a beer buzz and I left.
I went to Gordon Biersch this past weekend with a large group, they told us it'd be an hour to get seating, and it took about 30 minutes.  That was great. 

The food was good, I ate a BBQ burger, and the garlic fries were cooked perfectly.  I tried a Hefeweizen and it tasted like it had some sort of spice to it which I did not like.  However they made up for it with the delicious long island I ordered after.  My buddies loved the Marzen and the Pilsner though, but I did not try them.

I'd recommend GB to anyone who enjoys beer, and good food.
I come here just because my friends like it. The food is not bad, somewhat pricey - except the pizzas, which are a good value. Beer is also a good value, but wine and other drinks are not. I'm personally not a fan of their beer - I find it too heavy and sweet, but if you want to get a group and get happy, this place is clean, geared to please, and its dishes are easy to share.
I actually went to this location twice during my trip to Vegas. The food selection is good and the beers are a step up from the normal selection that is available in these brew pub locations. 

I have been to a couple of other GB locations around the country and this one as with the others is a solid choice for either lunch or dinner. 
Straightforward unpretentious food with good beer and good service.
Appetizer: Southwest Spring Rolls - Tasty.  Very good, but nothing you can't find at a chain like TGIF, Ruby Tuesday's or Applebees.

Entrees:  BBQ Ribs - Excellent!!! Served with Garlic fries, another winner.  However, again, nothing you can't find easily elsewhere...

Schnitzel - a disappointment, had no flavor

Beer - ugh!!!  Sadly, I was extremely disappointed.  Ordered the sampler, the Marzen was the best tasting and even then couldn't finish the whole glass.  All others were left behind.  Amstel Light tastes better than all of them, I don't know, maybe I'm spoiled having acquired my taste for beer while living in Belgium.  I guess nearly half a millenium of brewing heritage wasn't enough for me...

Otherwise, great looking restaurant, casual, great service, you can hear yourself talk, and if you're not too picky, I guess the beers might do...
A group of 7 of us went on a Tuesday night to celebrate our friend's birthday. It was a disaster from the beginning. The waitress neglected to ask the birthday girl what she wanted to drink. She also failed to notice that one of our guests had accidentally spilled his soda and commented to the spiller "wow! you're really sucking those down let me grab you another one" and left him in a wet mess. Out of all 7 of us, only the birthday girl's entree was messed out [talk about some bad birthday luck!]. The salmon she ordered wasn't fully cooked! And she's not a fan of sushi... The waitress didn't apologize and just said "oh, i'll take it to the kitchen so they can fix it." Our birthday girl had a chat with the manager to let him know that we were a little "miffed" by the [lack of] service to say the least. The manager said he would send us a new waitress and comp her uncooked salmon. We never got a new waitress and when she brought us the bill she proclaimed "wow! for some reason my manager gave ya'll a 25% discount! you guys must be stoked!" ...On the way out, one of our guests overheard her telling a fellow waitress that "I heard heroin isn't bad for you so I do it from time to time." 

Just another example of why drugs are bad for you kids.
I spent an evening here with some coworkers drinking Marzens, Hefeweizens, seasonal etc....along with the infamous Garlic Fries.

The beer was cold and fresh. The waitress was always checking on us to make sure our glasses weren't empty. The service was prompt and 
persistent. This girl earned her tip!!!

The Ambiance is your typical distillery look from the 1940s with the modern flair of neon signs and flat panel displays tuned to the current sport events.

The place was jumping with activity and the experience was good, I would certainly visit GB in LV again!

We drank like fish....I left this place a happy guy!
Went in shortly after lunch on a Sunday, were pleasantly suprised to find that a live band performs here around 1-2pm on Sunday's.  Unpleasantly suprised to find a bus arrive shortly after we did with a group of 20-30 go into the building.  Hence when we finally got our seats (maybe 20-30 minutes later), it was a LONG wait for the food to arrive.

The food was decent but not spectacular.  Considering the other choices available in the immediate area and the cost involved, I would be hesitant to return unless invited.  The beer is excellent here so come for that, not the food (except for the Garlic Fries!).

Go to Hard Rock, Firefly, Bahama Breeze or Ellis Island...all are within 5 minutes of here and are either better in food or cheaper (such as Ellis Island which has it's own beer, too, and the $7 dinner nightly).
This place is business lunch central. It is always crowded in here during lunch time. Every week they have great specials and the prices are not too bad. I tried a lot of things on their menu and the only thing I did not like was the ribeye steak it was like eating steak that was purchased from food 4 less. I was not too impressed. Garlic fries! What else is there to say. Decent prices, good menu and service. I would definitely go back.
It was a few years back, but we had a server who called everyone boss, like "what do you need boss?"... Well I hope he is the boss of this place by now, because it was the best service I've ever received from a waiter!  This guy was on top of everything, not overbearing, but just had a sense of when we needed something and got it quick and was very personable as well.  Food was good too.
Out of the three locations I have visited. This is probably the worst one. The food is still very good, but the service here wasn't that great. Next time in town, I will still come by again. Have to have their garlic fries! Burgers are good to. Never really tried anything else. Maybe I should next time!
3.5 stars. It's a brewery so it's the typical American bar food. we went right when it opened so there was no one there. we ordered to-go. the food was good, average. the garlic fries were awesome! the coleslaw was good! we ordered the crab cake sandwich. it was tasty, but the crab cakes itself were a bit too bread-y. i  think they put too much breadcrumbs in the crab cakes.
This was the beginning.

Many many moons ago, shortly after I had turned 21, on a trip with the girls and guy to celebrate our newfound glorious world, we arrived at GB. It was a first. We were curious. Asked the waitress what she suggested. Among other things 
"Why not try the glazed chicken wings with honey and ginger?" 
"Which beer do you recommend with it?" 
"Try the Marzen."

Next, and this is the important part, is the tasting. Take a sip (or two if it pleases you) of beer, a bite through the crispy chicken wings, and another sip of beer. Note how the interaction of the chicken wing sauce pairs PERFECTLY with the beer and brings out subtle flavors and nuances that went previously un-noticed. 

My friends, a fascination for beer, finger foods, and more beer begins here.

And, yes, I HAVE heard, and have experienced the sad decline of quality and consistency of GB over the years. *sigh* a painful sight to taste and watch. But, still, your Marzen and wings holds a special place in my heart, even if you do change the sauce.
The happy hour menu is perhaps the most extensive and worthwhile in the city with a wide far from fancy fried artichoke hearts to sweet chile glazed chicken wings.

$3 a pint is also great and I must say I was a big fan of the Marzen.
We were trying to go to another restaurant for my birthday only to find  that it was closed for lunch on Sundays.  So we stumbled across Gordon Biersch on a Sunday afternoon needing something to eat and a little football would not hurt either.  We got there in time for their happy hour that starts at three.  It consisted of discounted drinks and a special happy hour menu.  We ordered a salad and fish and chips.  They would not give us potato chips in exchange for fries so we also ordered potato chips topped with chunks of bleu cheese.  Everything was good including the beer of course.  My girl friend really liked the fried fish.  Had a great time eating drinking and watching football.  Would definitely go back.
A group of us met up at the Gordon Biersch on Paradise. The decor looks like a BJ's but is  nicer. I am a big fan of the Garlic Fries and the first thing I ordered as an Appetizer was Garlic fries and they are just as good as I get in Sacramento. I was going to order the Blonde Bock since that is the best that Gordon Biersch has and was told that it was removed from the menu. I was upset so I ordered their Heff. I normally don't like it but at the restaurant it was very good. Must be something that the bottle and shipping does to it. I then ordered the Salmon with Garlic Dill sauce and substituted for more Garlic Fries. 
(YES THEY ARE THAT GOOD) The salmon was about 25.00 and is pricy but it was tender and good flavored. I was going to order another beer but was driving that night and didn't want to get a buzz going. 
I wish that there is one in Sacramento but I would suggest having them even though my total bill came to about 45.00 but that was because of the 18% tip because of being a large party.
I highly recommend when you want good food and good drink and with friends.
Meals with drinks can get pricey. Service is friendly and pretty quick. Pastas are surprisingly good.
Late night appetizers, perfect! Before arriving in Vegas, I heard this was a place to stop but I had no idea where it was. Going back to our hotel, it was on the way...awesome! Had to pop in. This place is huge and very cool!

We sat at the bar, ordered a Hefeweizen, mojito,  veggie personal pizza and the garlic fries. Holy moly! Never had more garlicy fries, ever. I figured this was normal so we just ate and ate. Then we see the couple next to us who surprisingly ordered the same exact things..their fries were no where near as greasy or garlicy.

We ask one of the bartenders which fries are "right" and he says those, pointing to the couple's and that ours were beyond garlicy...What happens next? He bring out more fries, eek! Needless to say, we ate 30% of them. They were so much better than our first ones and we can't have them go to waste, right?!

The veggie pizza was great, never had one that the spinach wasn't cooked but we liked it!

The mojito was delicious and so was the large hefeweizen. Mmm!

So happy Gordon Biersch just popped up on our route. Would definitely go again.
I come here on and off for business lunches, or when traveling to other cities to get a beer (i.e. tempe, DC).  The beer is always good, but the food and service are hit or miss.

For instance, I have had to wait on some occasions for food after ordered for 30-40 min. or more at lunch for simple sandwiches or burgers several times (with surly excuses from waitstaff at times in response to questions on the delays), other times they come out in 5-10 minutes.  Some food has been pretty good (cobb salad, bulgogi tacos), other really unremarkable or poor (i.e. red beans and rice).

Just a hit or miss place for food and service.  Menu generally can be interesting, but you never know what you are going to get for food or service.
My client suggested Gordon Biersch for a business luncheon. 
The restaurant is large, open and well lit with natural light.. 

I tried the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich with a side entry of salad. 
My fish was moist,salad was fresh and a decent size. Washed it down with a couple glasses of cold ice tea. 

Service here was friendly and our waiter provided great service. Business meeting was a success and we all left happy and satisfied.
If it's a beautiful  Friday night happy hour in May, how about letting people sit on the patio instead of keeping tables empty until the 7:30 reservation arrives? I mean, if it's 5:30 and your visitors want to go outside, let them!

Other than its misuse of real estate, this Gordon Biersch is not bad. The environment is really nice. It's pretty busy, so if you're looking for an all-male business crowd, this is the place. 

The $5 pizzas during happy hour are pretty tasty. The crust is good. 

If you're looking for a good happy hour, and don't need a busy spot, try Satay, across the street. They serve lots of beers and mixed drinks and have outdoor seating.
I absolutely love their happy hour! Due to the fact I work weird hours at work, I miss the 4-6pm happy hours around town. I found out that they do the reverse happy hour from 10pm-close every day. I got there with some friends at 10pm with awesome weather to dine outside in the patio. It didn't seem crowded, but I enjoyed the Southwestern 3 combo sampler  for $11. I had glasses of wine  which were $2 off, and their specialty cocktails are only $5, not bad at all. The service was very attentive for late night drinking in the patio. I will definitely frequent this place :)
I am in love with the waitress we had for lunch here today. We ended up waiting for over an hour for a friend to meet us, and she couldn't have been more good-natured about it. She just kept refilling our drinks and cracking jokes about the situation, and when the bill came, she even put up with dividing it three ways for us. I wish I could remember her name. 
The food was also delicious. The selection was amazing- the salads and pastas looked beautiful, and my veggie pizza was among the best I've had. It's an ordinary pizza with a twist: tomato pesto instead of tomato sauce, and topped with artichoke hearts, fresh tomatoes, and lightly sauteed spinach. Soooo good, and I couldn't even finish the whole thing. And unfortunately, the mini fridge in this hotel room is crammed with overpriced booze. No space for my yummo leftovers :(
Nice hang out, great atomosphere, excellent happy hour and close to the Convention Center.  I always visit when I am at the LVCC for a show, but lately it has become a regular happy hour place.

They brew their own beer, several types, there is something for everyone.  I prefer the Marzen, they also have excellent seasonals.

The food menu is updated regularly with a nice mix of appetizers and entrees.
I live right around the corner from this place and I really like the vibe. I always sit at the bar and they bartenders are quick and give great service. Everyone loves the Marzen, it is a perfect beer. I am not a beer fan, but this is the reason why I return to this place. It's August, and they have a tasty Seasonal beer that was perfect. 

The Garlic fries here are popular. I arrived at happy hour and tried the potato chip nachos. I don't think nachos should go on anything other than tortilla chips now because of this experience. It was not bad, but I would have been happier if it were regular nachos. They were generous with the sour cream, but skimpy on cheese, pico de gallo, and it didn't have black olives or jalepenos. I understand every place has their way of presenting a food, but I didn't enjoy this particular dish. Anyway, it was only $5. 

The pizza was Ok too, a personal pan pizza for $5 is a great deal, especially at a place that has nice ambiance. 

I think they are known for their burgers. If I were prepared to have a real meal I would have chosen the sliders, which are pretty tasty. I have had those before. 

My suggestion is to come during happy hour, to get the dollar off beers and $5 appetizers. Their regular menu prices are a little pricey, and if you are not a total fan already or just looking for a decent place to have beer, it can seem a little over priced.

I will definitely return to this place, it beats the Madisons up the street!
Just want to qualify my review before I get into it.  1) I don't really drink, so the extensive fine beer, wine and other alcoholic beverages was not a big draw for me. 2) I was there for a coworker's birthday dinner and we had a large group.

I arrived on time at Gordon Biersch, and there was only 1 couple that was there on time waiting for the rest of the group to show. I spoke to the hostesses and they were very friendly.  The restaurant wasn't very crowded at all for a Friday evening at 7pm. And they have already setup the table for our large party.
 
After debating what to order, I opted for the House Special Gorgonzola Bone-In Ribeye Steak. It is an 18 oz steak topped with Gorgonzola butter, served with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables for $27.95.  When it was served, the steak was definitely huge and cooked to my desired doneness of medium rare. But the flavor of the steak was totally underwhelming, and I question if they even used at least USDA Choice grade steak.  Pretty disappointing, considering that I can grill a mean steak at home or in the culinary school's kitchen.
 
A friend ordered a Vegetarian Pizza.  That looks good and although they were not hungry, they still managed to finished all of it.  Definitely a better sign.
 
Anyway, service was okay.  Our waitress kept coming back to ask if we were ready to order, but since not everyone has arrived we decided to wait and she had to come back several times.  So A+ for the patience in dealing with a large party and the indecision when it comes time to order.  But she lost some points for neglecting to mention that an additional 18% is automatically added to the amount charged when the credit card is swiped.  Even if the amount charged already factored in the mandatory 18% tip.  So had we not caught the billing irregularity, the waitress would have made way more than 18%.  So D- for that.
 
Also the water served didn't taste that good. I am sure they use some sort of water filtration system, but the Las Vegas water still won and what we were served tasted more like common tap water from Lake Mead. A lemon wedge would have helped masked the taste, but none were offered.
 
Overall, I would only give this Gordon Biersch a 2 star rating.  Food was just not that good. I am sure the beer is at least decent and at $5 per glass, that seems like a good price.  But food really was a major let down. The chicken wings were way too sweet. Bone-In Ribeye, which is one of the most expensive menu item, but had a Denny's taste.  

I definitely would not recommend anyone to come here for the food alone.  If you need a place to hang out and get some beer and relax and watch ESPN, I guess you could come here, but there are way more better options around town.
Steak Fritas are awesome. Service was a bit slow but that was due to the waitress getting double sat. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was open and comfortable.
I love it! Cool atmosphere with a variety of Televisions, and a brewery on site (though I hate beer). They made my burger JUST right, (I like my meat like I like my women, bloody and with a little fight left in 'em) and it was delicious! Service was friendly and prompt, food came instantly. GET PECAN CHICKEN. omg get it, but it's cooked with sherry so, be en guarde.

Transfriendly- yyyyea? yea prolly like a little wierd.
went in for lunch on my birthday. for some reason, i remembered them having lunch specials, which they actually dont.

started off with a cocktail. got the geisha. not what i expected, but i drank it anyway. i ordered the kobe sliders and a cup of the lobster bisque. the sliders were ok. they came with onion strings, which were actually really good. the lobster bisque was waaaaaaaay salty, even for my taste (i like salthy food...but that was more than my pallet could handle).

im not big on being the "hey! its my birthday!" person, so i said nothing. but i figured our server would have noticed its my birthday and at least say "oh! happy birthday!", but no. didnt even notice. 

our check came out to a little over $45 for my boyfriends drink and sandwich, and my drink, sliders and soup, a little more than what i would have spent for it.

service was ok. i think he could tell we were really just there to eat, and didnt bother us too much. that - i appreciate. although he was fairly interactive with his other tables, who seemed to be regulars there.

i remember coming here before, and i cant remember if i liked it or not. maybe not? maybe i'll have to come back for the beer, if i do come back.
If eating a rack of ribs from Ellis Island isn't enough to fill you up... drive down the road to Gordon Biersch for their Happy hour.  

Kudos on the happy hour menu, we got the slider combo -6 sliders and garlic fries for $11? awesome!  

after a few margaritas ($5 bucks each) this was an excellent place to watch Monday night football.... especially when Chargers kicked some BUTTs!

Go bolts!
Gordon Biersch is close to a hotel I use when in Vegas on business.
I've eaten here several times, over a two-year period, and used to like the place. But, my recent experiences have been disappointing.

Things got off to a poor start when we were seated at an unstable table that rocked like a small boat on the high seas.  We were told that was the only available table...but it wasn't.  We insisted on being reseated and another table became magically available after we challenged the "no other tables" explanation.  We were re seated, and ordered a couple of their in-house microbrews. The beers were OK but lacked character, perhaps my memories of their beer were incorrect, or perhaps they have a new brewmeister..maybe new recipes? 

I ordered the new york steak and tempura shrimp combo and...well...the tempura shrimp are not like the light flakey  tempura you might find in a Japanese place. Gordon Biersch "tempura" seems to be  just battered shrimp, and the batter is little better than what you might find at a fast food place. The steak was more or less an Applebee's quality steak, and the garlic mashers were average at best.  I realize the prices here are less than on the strip...but come on.  You can beat Applebee's for God's sake.

Still, the place is conveniently located, so we went back again, a couple nights after our mediocre experience, hoping for a better outcome.  

Nope.

This time the service was poor and their signature KOBE burger came well done when ordered medium rare. We had to get up and find our waiter to order a replacement.  Even the replacement burger was a disappointment:  A perfectly formed hockey puck of beef (read made in a burger press), a slice of cheese that looked like a Kraft single, a very basic bun, a tiny side of fries and not much else.  We then had to ask twice for some ketchup for the fries. When the best thing you can say about a $14 burger is "the bun was fresh" it's not a good value.

All in all, I see no reason to give them a 5th chance.
Last time I was here with Dalton the service was crappy. This time the guy never asked to refill my iced tea and tried to take away my plate before I was finished. Then he was back like every minute to see if I was finished. I felt like I was being rushed out! And why are the garlic fries always burnt? Only reason I don't give them two stars is the free wi-fi and Steelers game on the big screen.
My boyfriend and I had our birthday dinner here during their late night happy hour. We had a group of about 20 people that were all seated within the same corner of the bar area. We were stressing out beforehand because we knew it was first come first serve and we were expecting close to 30 people that would all show up at different times. Luckily the bar area wasn't very busy that night, so we were all able to sit in the same area. 

Me and my bf ordered our food and drinks once we got there and closed our bill immediately because we didn't want to go thru the whole craziness of huge group bill. Good thing we did that, because when more people started arriving, the waitress told them all that she couldn't split any bills because "it would just be too hard." 

I shared the calamari ($7) and slider combo ($11) with my boyfriend. We substituted the pulled pork sliders for kobe since my bf said the pulled pork was too oily and saucy last time he came, so we got garlic fries and 6 kobe sliders. I only had a couple pieces of fries. They were pretty good and very garlicky, but I didn't want dragon breath as I was hosting the dinner. The sliders were mediocre, nothing special. I ate about two and got bored. The calamari was good. I always like it when my calamari comes with marinara. I wish the menu would've mentioned  the other sauce having horse radish though. I hate horseradish!

A couple of my friends ordered me drinks. I was given a raspberry ice pick, which was nice and refreshing and a Long Island Iced Tea, which I only drank about a fourth of and gave the rest to my brother because I felt like it was going to make me pass out on the floor.  

All in all, mediocre food (at least during happy hour), mediocre service, good drinks, and a good place for groups. 3 stars for you!
Food was good. I love that they have a vegetarian menu... I had the mushroom Philly it was really good... My friend had the French toast w/ eggs and bacon pretty good -- -great food and great service - - prices not that bad either
Very comfortable atmosphere with plenty of staff for a pleasant lunch. 
 
We started with one of their seasonal appetizers,  the Fish Taquitos were delicious.  Served with a drizzle of sour cream, guacamole and a tomato / pepper dip.

I had the Blackened Mahi mahi sandwich and my date had the Chicken and Avocado sandwich.  Both were delicious served with garlic fries.  In some cases I have found garlic fries to be overpowering but these were lightly seasoned and delicious.

The restaurant is about 3/4 of a mile from the strip, a walk that does well to work up an appetite or work off part of a meal.

As a micro-brew fan, I look forward to trying other Gordon Biersch locations.
January 2011

Don't get me wrong, I love Gordon Biersch . . . their happy hour is pretty awesome, but my last  visit to this particular establishment sucked !

Pros-
* awesome happy hour menu w/ cheap eats
* good selection of brews (including GB home brews)
* chill atmosphere with outdoor patio area

Cons-
* bad service
* slow service
* would not accommodate our seating request
* No reservations at bar. Not even for large groups!

Tips-
* if you go with a large group of people, make sure to bring cash
* happy hour is limited strictly to the bar area.  Sit at the bar itself for quicker service (not the surrounding tables in the bar area).
* the patio is part of the bar area.  Make sure to take advantage of it. 
* heat lamps are available on those colder Nevada nights.
* Summerlin GBs has way better service (I'm just saying) !

Overall-
I love GBs , but I don't think I'll be returning to this particular location.  The server was horrible and it was evident that she was having a bad day.  She did not smile and was frustrated the whole time because we had a larger party.  We tried to get seating near the bar for those that were under age in our party.  The server explained that it was "closed" and that if they wanted to join us, we'd all have to move to the dining area.  She was not helpful at all and did not even make the effort to help us.  The food was good as always and my company was great so I had a good time.  It's a disappointment that the service was subpar.
I stopped by with some friends for dinner and I ended up having the sliders.  They were great!  I also had something call a Raspberry Ice Pick which was pretty good too, plenty of beer on tap and a very nice atmosphere for a date or just friends going out.  Great Place!
I came here with 2 other couples and our 5 kids a couple of weeks ago. We had to wait forever for our table but it was packed so I understand how that goes.
Our server seemed scared when he saw all of the kiddos in our group..which I found pretty funny. That apparently effected him through out the meal since he was not doing a very good job.
I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with some really yummy garlic fries.
The burger was done proper and was really fresh as far as the toppings went. Those fries were addicting.
We also had a plate of homemade potato chips that are loaded with bacon & cheese..those were even better than the fries. They get 5 stars!
So if you go there and get "Skippy" the waiter..good luck. LOL
Lets just hope he was having an off day...
Oh..the beer I had was perfect...love the beer here!
I love Gordon Biersch!  My husband and I met there!  They have happy hr everyday! Thats right!  7 days per week.  There beers are awsome.  It's a very relaxed place to be, you can come in a suit or jeans.  They have Sunday brunch with a live band.  It's a nice place to go and dance, and hang with the more mature crowd.
The crab cakes are the best I've ever had!  Real lumps of crab, not a lot of fillers.
The seasame chicken!  Wow, you might slap the person next to you, it's so good.  
I love there pizzas, and there sliders too.  There's a lot to choose from on the menu.
Did I say they have happy hr 7 days a week?  Oh, and 2 times a day!
After a long day of travel including numerous airport related delays I checked in to my hotel and walked over to GB. I found a great table, ordered an ice tea and some of their Tex-Mex spring rolls. Wow. The day ended much better than it had been to that point. Overall a great experience. Superb atmosphere and a great place to catch a game with well placed TVs.
My husband brews his own beer so when we realized this restaurant was just across the street from our hotel we had to try it.

He said the beers were good, the food was excellent, the service was horrible.

The waitress walked away from our table before we finished ordering.  Never returned for refills or to check up on us.  It was not crowded.  Only about 20 customers.

When we asked for the manager he seemed not to care about our comments
Went with a small group and most of us ordered the Kobe burger. The consensus was that it was one of the best burgers in town. The garlic fries were tasty, but a little too salty for me. The Czech Pilsner was great and the service was fine.
Seriously, the Bacon Cheeseburger with garlic fries is my ultimate meal.  The fries have garlic and Parmesan on them but they are crispy on the outside.  Do yourself a favor and skip the lettuce and tomato.  
My wife loves the cedar plank salmon with pecans..
I definitely had my expectations of this place set WAY TOO HIGH.

I came here with a group of friends on a Sunday Brunch. There wasn't much of a wait for it being around 2 in the afternoon. Had a good group of people with us, and as i walk up to the hostess counter and tell her our number of people in our party, all i got was the "really, that many" sort of look. The roll of the eyes, the walk away unhappily before staring up and down at our entire groups' clothes, was not in the least pleasant. I'd say the two hostesses were quite rude if you ask me. It's your first priority to make the customers feel welcome the moment they walk in the door, we definitely should have left after the initial greeting, we had no idea it would be the initial horrible experience we should have foreseen at the beginning.

Our large group got the nice little back room to our selves. pretty open, quiet and enough seating for all of us and it was away from the jazz band playing during the Sunday Brunch.  It definitely felt like the restaurant was going for an older scene with the jazz band. Definitely no place for the 20 somethings that we were, walking in our pajamas and sweats after a long night of partying.  Just a bit annoying that when the door to our room was initially closed, they kept opening the door.

So maybe the 9 out of 11 of us, actually order food. Food was overall very good, decent amount of time taken to actually get our drinks, take our order, get our food and then finally get our check. So for prompt service, for the most part, i'll give you guys that.
But one of my friends ordered a tomato juice. just regular plain tomato juice.  A few of us got alcoholic beverages, and got them as soon as we got our waters. but 20 minutes later, we get the tomato juice? seriously? were you guys opening up another can of tomato juice that was in the cellar down stairs, that was behind all the cartons of orange juice and milk?  The Bloody Mary I ordered had tomato juice.... couldn't get the tomato juice from the bar? 
I don't know if it was just our server, but she didn't seem all quite there...
So here's where I absolutely could not stand the rest of our experience. 
yes, we know big groups you have to add gratuity, i get it. and thankfully that's all we gave our server for the experience.  I've worked in a restaurant and know how things work. 2 things on our bill were never accounted for. So another friend ordered a side of fruit, which we never got. So while splitting up the check i kindly asked if we can get it. first the server suggests she take it off but i said can we just get it instead. the server then suggests do you want it to-go. I agreed thinking i'd get the side of fruit in a small to go cup, and what does she walk back with.... a side of fruit in a regular bowl. so I don't get how she was the one who initiated the food to-go and we didn't even get it.... Then on top of that, while paying the bill equally among cash and credit cards, I wrote down how much should be paid on each card. wrote down amount, last name that belonged to the card, and the last 4 of the card. Pretty simplified, easy to read. One of my friends should have only had no more than $10 charged on her card. instead while preparing to sign it, she's like am i reading this right, $60?  and when i go tell our server, she said her manager was the one who charged the different cards. so you're telling me a manager doesn't know what he's doing????? Just because we're a bunch of young people who like to party cuz it's VEGAS doesn't mean you can try to take advantage of us. 

WOW.

Rude Hostesses, Dimwitted Servers, and Uneducated Managers?


thanks, but no thanks.
never will return to this location. 
sorry.
The GB is pretty solid. However.. the brewers feast is getting smaller.. I NOTICED!!!! do i get a prize? The feast is shrinking but the price isnt.. seriously i dont care about price and never even mention it until i feel like i got screwed.. the GB.. not a screw job yet.. but in the danger zone.. the meals are getting smaller and the price is the same.. but food is good and the beers are solid. I would reco this joint to most people.. I only complain.. because i want u to notice.... that we notice... go work with your landord and adjust your lease.. dont take it out on the patrons..
I had lunch at noon and there was no wait. The restaurant had clients but the service was prompt and with good quality.  The waiter continuously replaced the my drinks (coffee and club soda), she did it so much and w/o asking if I wanted another one that I left two full drink.  Advice, warn your server once your thirsts is quenched!  Overall a good experience, great service, and a decent food selection.
I love their ribeye gorgonzola. Good price, beer and food.
I've been there before and enjoyed it.  But I will be there in a few short minutes and I can't wait for a ice cold brew!
one of my most favorite breweries in Vegas.^^

----Time Spent
prolly 30+ visits past 4yrs.

----LAYOUT
spacious open seating built out of an old fire station's hull and complete with garage doors left from the past.   there are godzilla size beer vats at the far side of the entrance...   while not a very original layout, i think you will found it charming nonetheless.^^

----SERVICE
attentive and friendly staff...   the food delivery at the bar seem faster then on the floor.

i LOVE the menu.   although not several pages deep, i've been surprised by everything i've tasted on the menu.^^   F*CK.... where do i start.?!  my mouth starts to water as i think about the selection... LMAO.!!

for those coming to Vegas and want that UNIQUE experience in food...  both the sampler platters (Chef's Sampler/Brewer's Feast) have flavorful surprises.   i do like the rest of the appetizer menu, but the sampler platters are really where you want to start.!

main platter wise...  i've had their salads, but recommend the variety of pizzas (Pepp & Sausage) or fish (Chilean Bass - NOT Lobster Mac & Cheese - meh).   what really stands above the rest is their New York Steak & Shrimp...  very juicy... omg - so juicy.... LOLz.

my only CON with the menu is the Bistro Steak Medallions.   it was the very first thing i had at Gordon Biersch and recalled the portions small and the taste to be forgettable.  *cry*

finally, what's a Brewery without it's beers right.?   Gordon Biersch's beers were MEH to me... LOLz.   however, i NEVER go there without having at least 2 orders of my favorite Marzen.   OMG - the MARZEN is sooo good.^^   that dark drink that leaves my mouth with a smooth somber after taste.  *dies*

----PRICING
i don't recall the menu breaking the bank.   probably slightly more expensive then a trip to Outback Steakhouse.   i tend to eat a lot, so my bill averages $50 vs the $30 that i would spend at Outback...  i dunno if that'll help u gauge.

----CLOSING
if not for my discovery of Hot n Juicy Crawfish or my MOST favorite Ichiza...   Gordon Biersch use to be my favorite regular spot to hit for a place to kickback and relax.   you NEED to really try their sampler plates and the NY Steak at least once during ur Vegas visit.^^ ..... OR DIE..   jk.^^
Good brewery, just like the one in San Diego but bigger. Love their beer, always fresh and always a good seasonal to choose from. A little ways down the strip but still easy to get to and not too pricey. Good food for sure with nice beer pairings. Good place for a chill lunch and brew without breaking the bank.
Not only is happy hr 7 days a week, as long as there's a football game on......Happy hr is on!
Excellent service and food on a Wednesday evening.   We will probably be back on Friday before we leave town.
Came here for a lunch with colleagues and ordered the creole chicken from the "lighter menu" (items are under 575 calories).  It was pretty good!  I was pleasantly surprised.  The last few times I visited GB, I was not impressed with the service or the food quality, given the prices and the hype ("meh" food and servers who were obviously faking friendly service).  Our server was training a newbie, so the service wasn't stellar overall, but they tried to be upbeat and friendly.  One suggestion for the staff: if you know that a party is coming in for a work lunch, you may want to suggest separate checks from the get-go.  Most of the time, your customers will appreciate the gesture.

3* until my next visit proves otherwise.
Gordon Biersch was exactly what we were in the mood for on our last eve in Vegas and an early morning flight. It was close to our hotel, but not right on the strip. We ordered a beer sampler and appetizer combo with southwest chicken rolls, hummus, Kobe beef sliders, and garlic fries to start. I especially like the chicken rolls, but disliked their hummus. My husband ordered pasta jambalaya, which was served mixed with orzo pasta. The jambalaya portion was very generous and my husband did enjoy it. I ordered mediterranean chicken, which was listed under the lower calorie entrees. The veggie sauté was excellent and the chicken breast was decent for not being
Smothered in something calorie laden. We would eat there again for sure. They had a huge menu and lots of salads to choose from, too.
Fantastic pecan salmon! So amazing! The burger was great too! The garlic fries are addictive and pungent! And the brownie was the best I'd ever had! Great place to blow the little winnings we did have.
I have been to this GBBC location many times in the last couple years.  Its a very good place to go if you are living at the Residence Inn across the street as I did for a while.  The beers they brew there are all pretty good, although some of them are pretty strong and they sneak up on you.  I have found myself stumbling back across the street more than once because of them.  

I especially like going to the Gordon Biersch on Sunday afternoons.  They usually have a band and the place is always filled with these cool locals who must come here after church.  The odd thing is, they are always dressed a little like pimps or something.  I've never seen anything like it before.  But it is cool as hell because everyone there always seems to be having a good time. But I always feel a little under-dressed.  Where would one buy a purple velvet suit anyway?

I've had almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.

The service has always been great.  I have been to other GBBC locations and this one sets the standard.
Went to this place for a dinner presentation. Slowest service I've ever encountered for such an event (and I've been to many). Salads arrived about 45 minutes after the program started, and it was almost two hours before the first dinner plate hit the table. When I contacted the manager this was explained away by saying that the presenter requested a 20-minute lag between ordering and preparation (there is a bit of a difference between 20 minutes and almost two hours). Went to another presentation about a week later at another place and we were done with everything (including dessert) in 15 minutes less than it took GB to just bring us our entrees. I can't say how good the food was, because I had to choke mine down in order to get home by 10 PM (from a presentation that began at 6:30). Color me unimpressed.
Had a work dinner meeting here last week and was a little iffy on coming here at first. When I hear Gordon Biersch I instantly think of beer. I am not a beer drinker so I thought I should maybe eat beforehand. A little glad I didn't though. I thought about beer and bar food and even if I was a little right, the choices on their happy hour menu were awesome. We were there at 5pm and learned their happy hour menu was still going on for quite some time. so that is a plus if you like decently priced food and great happy hour beers.
I ordered the garlic fries for $5 dollars because I was told I had too. (not to mention the smell of them lured me in when they were being delivered to a neighboring table.) along with a happy hour sized bbq chicken pizza. (so.much.food. for $10 total!) the garlic fries were very intensely flavored and left me warding off vampires for a few days to follow. I ate about 2 slices of the pizza before my stomach started to hurt from the food overload.
the service was alright. our waitress was nice at first, but near the end I feel like she was starting to get annoyed with us and our little work meeting. (we were paying customers though!) that turned me off.
I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. the food was good and the amount of choices i had were even better. I made it home with loads of leftovers.
Never ever have I had a bad experience here! 

The 1st time we went we went with a couple that was already familiar with the brewery.. & was introducing it to us. They knew exactly what to order & what to  suggest. 

Since then we've been many times & have taken friends that are here visiting Vegas..

Im not a big hummus fan but their hummus is very tasty.. seasoned perfectly &  is really smooth not grainy.

Burgers- juicy & flavorful!
Lobster bisque- creamy & thick
garlic fries- Yuuuum!
pizza's- crust is perfectly cooked & sauce is tasty
steak with shrimp- steak juicy, aged, shrimp big & cooked perfectly.

Happy hour is great too.. must sit in bar area to get happy hour pricing.. many drinks & beers are discounted.. & very good size portion tapa style happy hour food. If with others order a few diff ones & share!

I'll keep going here & keep taking people here! Even went to the one in Honululu airport!! lol
Just giving an updated review cause they have their Winterbock menu now!! 

Winterbock beer- great carmel chocolate flavor but ours were a little flat & not cold enough for me.

Chili- Impressive. very tasty & hearty.. a cup wasn't so small. shared it with my husband.

basic side salad- ordered this as my app & it's not so basic..lol. spiced pecans, tom, cucumber, cheddar cheese, pepper jack cheese & jalepeno ranch!!! YuM yUm!

California Cobb flatbread- the fresh greens they tossed in balsamic vinegrette dressing then put on top, is what completes the taste of this flatbread.. must try. loved that they didn't use blue cheese!

We will be back to try some other items before they take their winter menu away :)
Gordon Biersch Brewery at Paradise Rd

Gordon Birsch is not far from the strip. Although it is not very easy to navigate to its spacious parking lot, it'd be well worth the effort, especially for its famous Happy Hours (3-7pm, AND 9pm-Closing!)
- Its Happy Hour menu has a nice selection of tasty dishes, starting at $5), and a variety of German beers, especially their special "SEASONAL" beers, are legendary; not to mention its selection of wines and well drinks. 

- This location has an impressive brew kettle tower by the front door (much like that at the BJ, Yard House and the Chicago Brewery). Its square bar is huge and classy, as well as comfortable; there are also many bar tables and booths as well. It even has a corner space for occasional live entertainments on special occasions such tapping a new seasonal beer!

The barkeeps and the serving crew are very efficient and friendly, making customers feel comfortable and welcome.

This place seems to be always busy with happy, repeat customers, and many tourists. It is generally quite crowded and loud - a very typical HH atmosphere in a good bar/restaurant. I enjoy very much my frequent happy hours with local friends here, and having occasional dinners with out of town friends.

By the way, please note that their "Seasonal Beers", which are NOT listed on the regular drinks menu, could have an usually high alcohol content, so be sure to ask the barkeep of their alcohol contents, just in case you don't want to be OVERLY happy by surprise!

Peterskis
12/15/11
Just had lunch there.  So good, great service.
Not being a meat eater, it's hard for me to find a place that offers a dish that I don't have to make changes to, but this place had a seasonal dish: butternut squash farfalle. Squash, pasta, pecans, pesto sauce and roma tomatoes and beyond wonderful. 
My husband ordered a burger and it came with garlic fries. Not garlic salt, but real garlic and he couldn't get enough. 
We each ordered a beer and when mine came, I was really sad, because it tasted like Coors (I had ordered one of their brews). A moment later our waitress returned with another beer and apologizes, saying she had grabbed the wrong one (it was a Bud Lite). I am not sure of which one I ordered, but it was incredibly good. 
The staff was very friendly and efficient.
As a regular of this chain,  this is by far the WORST FOOD I have tried to eat. Consistency in food preparation does not exist between locations.

The House Salad was incredibly small for the price and compared to other locations. The chicken wings dry (lacking glaze) and over cooked.

It would ne irresponsible of me to recommend this to anyone. This establishment is far to exspensive have an extremely poor quality of food product. I will not ever return.
The food is great but the staff is what keeps me coming back. I would have to say the bar staff especially Matt and Billy are my favorite bartenders.  Highly knowledgeable with the various types of beers.  They even offer samples of GB own brews.  Happy hour is still packed --standing room only. Its a great stop to people watch. Try the goat cheese, humus with chicken or the oven baked pizzas. Thanks to this fabulous staff for making my stay in Vegas all the more better!
I enjoyed myself at this place; the beer was great, the food, not so great, but what a selection! I had the Steak Frites, and it just wasnt a great cut--very chewy. But no worries. It was my first time there, and as I looked around, I thought about what a great first date place this could be, or even a nice place to catch a game sometime. When I had eaten all I could, there was still alot left over. My food sat and sat there until Ifinally asked for a to go container. That's what I got--a container. I had to load it myself. ok...again...no worries. Granted, I was now drunk, but in my 40 odd years on Earth, I have never once forgotten to pay a check. I paid my check (cash), got change, and left a generous tip WITH THAT CHANGE. By the time I get to the parking lot, I'm chased down by one of the bar men, saying sir, u have to pay your bill. I assumed they had me confused with someone else. I asked how much "I owed". and he said the amount of my bill which I indeed remembered was the amount I had paid. I went back inside, to show my face to the barmaid who had been taking care of me, and asked if she got the tip. She said she had, but not the bill. How does one get the tip I paid with the change I got from breaking the $100...without remembering breaking the $100?! They "graciously" checked her drawer to see if there was an overage, there "was not". I don't think that if she took the money, she wouldve put it in her drawer! Rather than concern the police, I paid again (no tip the 2nd time! lol) The warning here is, altho it's a decent place, just pay strict attention when you pay, to whom you pay, and get a receipt! Better yet, pay with credit cards. Otherwise, a decent night can become an embarrassing nightmare.
Stopped in for a quick dinner and all I can keep thinking is when will I be able to go back. Chicken and shrimp potstickers as an appetizer was packed full of flavor. Be careful with their Dijon Mustard that is drizzled on the plate. To be honest it made me feel like a dragon breathing fire out of my nose. I ordered the Cajun shrimp tacos which were packed full of flavor and absolutely delicious. The shrimp hold their own against the cabbage and tortilla which I find other restaurants struggle to do. Maybe it was my awesome waitress Sarah or the super sweet strawberry lemonade but I couldn't keep a smile off my face the entire night. 

MMMMMM tasty.
I brought some clients in on Presidents day and it wasn't busy due to the holiday. Our waitress helped us immediately with ordering our drinks.

My order the Ahi salad - The tuna was blackened and seared rare over fancy greens and a balsamic vinaigrette and Cajun remoulade. Very good flavor and the Ahi was really tender and full seared perfectly.

Productive client meeting - my half a million dollar project will start next month!
I absolute loved the beer. The serviced sux though. I had the farmhouse burger which was really cheap and a large portion. My husband had the Colby burger. It was way more expensive and looked like a plain old back yard BBQ burger.
After living in this area for so long, I finally tried Gordon Biersch. Of course what intrigued me to come was the happy hour menu. My friend and I came around 10 at night on a Wednesday. There was a private party going on at one side of the bar area so it made it seem sort of packed. Other than that I think the amount of people there was the standard small size crowd for a week night. Unlike Yard House, the happy hour here is only for the bar area. So I guess I can't bring my friends who aren't of age yet.  First we received our drinks, I ordered the Marzen beer and she ordered a mojito.  I'm kind of embarrassed to write this, but I am honestly not a beer drinker and it tasted normal to me?  I only drank a few sips and that was it! hahaha.  I feel like I wasted the other 3/4 that was left. Oh well, good thing we bought it at happy hour price. My friend also said her mojito was just "okay." After she tasted her drink she wished she had the Dragon fruit strawberry mojito which sounded 10 x better than the boring classic. As for the food, we ordered the Southwest Combo and calamari. I really enjoyed the garlic fires because of the Parmesan cheese and the garlic flavored oil drizzled on top. I also thought the calamari, was pretty standard. However, I am not a fan of the other items that came with the Southwest Combo. The egg rolls was on the verge of having soggy wrapper and the pork sliders were nothing special. We order the mini warm apple bread pudding for dessert. It was delicious especially the contrast of textures and flavors between the bread, caramel, and apple. If you want dessert but don't have enough room for a normal size one, the mini is perfect. I really want to come here again to try other items on the HH menu, but I don't know if it's worth it knowing other places (ie Yard House) have better selection, quality, and prices. Therefore 3 stars.
Stopped in for Happy Hour and either they have some really potent beer or man does their Lobster & Shrimp Mac 'N Cheese just blow my palate away. Absolutely the creamiest, richest and heavenly tasting thing I have had that isn't some form of steak. I wish you could have seen the expression on my face as the bartender asked how I liked it. For a minute he was worried I was having some kind of medical issue as I slowly regained consciousness from the coma of deliciousness. The cheese bread they served with it was toasted to absolute perfection with a harder cheese encrusting a soft creamy cheese that completely melted in my mouth. For twenty dollars I am hard pressed to think of a meal I would rather have. The bartenders were friendly. The drinks were decent. I would honestly keep coming back and ordering the Mac 'N Cheese to go and eating it in my car just to have some alone time. Perhaps I am still under the influence of that intoxicating dish... Go see for yourself and I promise you wont regret it. (Unless you are counting calories. In that case run for the hills.)
Solid chain, so I will hold off on the major ratings here. Good beers, decent enough bar food, tons of tvs, and a very open space. Its one of those "safe bet" for a chain spot.  You know exactly what you are going to get here, plus you can drink beers, and eat garlic fries, then stand uncomfortably close to your friends and stink them out
Not sure where to start with this. My rating level fluctuated all night due to a variety of influences, but I wound up being "a fan" by the end.

The service was pretty mediocre. Yeah, it was busy since it was St. Patrick's Day and a Saturday night to boot, but I still have reasonable expectations. It seemed like forever for them to bring food out, and my friend's whiskey on the rocks took way longer than the other drinks for no good reason. We also had to ask twice for the vegetarian menu, and this was for the birthday boy no less. Finally, it took them forever for them to bring us our check even though it was clear that we had finished our food. You know, based on them clearing out our empty plates and whatnot.

However, I did enjoy my half-liter (standard size, apparently) of Marzen beer, and the food was pretty decent (but nothing special) overall. My kobe burger was nothing special, so I'd recommend that you pick one of the other burgers instead. The garlic fries were delicious though, the fish portion of the fish and chips was really nice, and the potato chips nacho appetizer that my friends were sharing wasn't bad.

Even so, this would probably be a three-star review if it wasn't for one thing: they had my Sharks game playing on TV. We were playing the Red Wings, and a couple of their fans just so happened to be sitting near our section and had the TV tuned in to the game. Now this happened to be on the NBC Sports Network and wasn't a legit regional broadcast, and it wasn't in HD for whatever reason, but I'm still very happy that I caught the game because we won in overtime and managed to climb back into position for a playoff spot down the stretch.

I don't think I'd pick this place over Yard House if I had the choice in the future, but I still had a good time here, and I think most people can enjoy this place too.
I stayed across the street from this restaurant for a few days and wound up having a few different meals here. The food I had - some sliders, a spinach salad, and a pulled port sandwich - was all delicious. The prices were a little on this high side, but nothing unreasonable or unexpected for the area.

The beers were a little uninspiring, but it's possible that my bar is set too high for mass-produced microbrews. I recommend the Marzen and the Schwarzbier - definitely the two best ones of the bunch.

I enjoyed this restaurant and would definitely go back if it was so convenient - but I'm not sure it's really worth going out of the way for.
I was not expecting to it to be this good.    Our server and bartender had knowledge of the menu/bar and we received immediate delivery of drinks and food.

Went there with 12 co-workers and we ate and drank for hours.   I had the salmon served on a cedar block.  It came with ginger rice and veggies.    Also drank their dark beer.

I ate someone's dessert.   Its four big shot glasses of different items.   There was a strawberry cheesecake, coffee dark chocolate cake, milk chocolate fudge and a apple caramel bread pudding served warm.   

Big space, plenty of parking, television screens everywhere, high ceilings and a casual / modern interior.  

I'll be back.
Came down to meet a friend who was watching the game. Really big place which helps keep the noise level down.  We sat at the bar the gentleman sitting next to us offered to move over so we had enough seats. 

I am not a big beer drinker but since it is a brewery I had to get one!  I got a Hefeweizen I like the citrus hint in this beer.  The standard beer size is a half pint that seemed about right for me perfect size. 

We had the Crab stuffed shrimp very delicious.  I love love love crab cakes and this was close to that but even better because it is stuffed in a shrimp!  Our second appetizer was Crab & Artichoke Dip with crostinis.  There was melted cheese on top and lumps of crab so they are not slighting you in the crab department!  Both of our appetizers were big and tasted great!  

I would go back for the happy hour, it runs from 3 until 7 and 10 until close.  $5 appetizers  that is about half price to the normal.  $1 off signature beers.  There is actually quite a few more specials for happy hour but those were the only one I paid attention to!
It's part of a chain, but they brew on site.  The food was fine - enjoyed the fish tacos.  Service was good.  Got the taster set and the best was the Mai Bock (last year's seasonal) so enjoyed that.  We also hit the A1A Brewery (part of same chain) in St. Augustine and it's good too.
Can be annoyingly crowded.  Food quality is generally good but frequently overpriced. 
Happy Hour is 7 days a week (awesome) with fairly pricey food deals and only $1 off beers. The $5 Happy Hour cocktails are a good deal and they have a great variety of these.
Must try the shrimp and lobster mac & cheese!! It is the only reason I am giving three stars.   I wasn't too impressed by the Kobe burger.  I asked for it cooked medium but it was charred well done and very dry. The service was good - prompt and attentive.     I'd go back for that Mac & cheese!
The last time I went here was at the Honolulu location in 2000. From what I could recall, they had pretty good food so I thought we would give it a shot. I didnt want to disappoint since I suggested it to my family that was visiting from Iowa.

I called ahead to make arrangements since there was 9 in our party. They were very accomodating and seated us right away, to my surprise since it was a Saturday.

Our waitress was VERY friendly and was very attentive. Our drinks were refilled promptly and without us even having to ask, or having to remind her what we were drinking. 

I ordered the Pulled Pork and Garlic Fries and the hubby ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger. We ended up sharing off of each others plates because the food was so good. The garlic fries and ranch are awesome!!!

At the end of our meal we ordered the Warm Apple Bread Pudding w/ whiskey sauce. It was very delicous, the whiskey sauce was the perfect compliment.

I know this is a beer place but I dont drink...I know, how do you go to Vegas and NOT drink, I promise you it can be done LOL

Wish this place wasnt so far away, but def next time I'm in Vegas I will pay them a visit.
Went here because it was near the hotel we were staying at. The food is pretty good. For appetizers we had the egg rolls and they were good. I had the lobster/crab cake sandwich and it was awesome I must admit. It was the real deal (no imitation here). This sandwich was a little pricey for a "sandwich" 16.50, however it was well worth it. Huge in size, well seasoned, and well put together. My daughter had the steak tacos and she thoroughly enjoyed it. The hubby had the spinach salad with salmon and he had no complaints. My son had the NY steak sandwich and he said it was just okay.

The service was subpar. Our waitress was forgetful and the manager ended up helping her out.
Coming here was a last minute decision due to Firefly's long wait. I was told that this place was great and it was just like Yardhouse, BJ's, and Chicago Brewing Co. This made me excited because I love all of those places.

Once we were seated, I realized that all the tables were so close together even though the restaurant wasn't even packed. Generally, I like the brewhouse feel. I was so excited to try the housemade root beer here. It's funny because I usually hate root beer but after trying Chicago Brewing Co.'s housemade stuff, I am so intrigued to try housemade root beer. To my disappointment, all of their drinks tasted like heavy syrup in each one. We got Strawberry Lemonade, Peach Iced Tea, and Homeade Root Beer. All of them were vigorously stirred and still tasted way too sweet. We ordered Tapas for appetizers. You can never really go wrong with Olive Tapenade and that's what I stuck with. It was good. For food, there was steak tacos, some flatbread stuff?, and veggie pizza. According to my friend, steak tacos were meh. Flatbread had no flavor. Veggie pizza was decent. Service was also somewhat lacking and irritatingly slow for how NOT busy it was. 

Too bad that this place wasn't that great. I really wanted to like it. Apparently, this place used to be banging every night before Yardhouse came around.
While staying in the area we went to Gordon Biersch twice (lunch/dinner).  Decent food, not a long wait and it's clean.   Their burgers were decent, tons of food and when they aren't super packed plenty of refills!
I didn't expect much from a brewery and our party was quite hungry by the time we got here. Our initial plan was to try the Firefly restaurant which was pretty much across the street, but it was packed and we didn't want to wait an hour. It was last Saturday night August and we were bummed and hungry. So we ended up walking across the street to Gordon's. I got the BBQ chicken pizza which was surprisingly delicious. I also ordered the NY strip steak with veggies and ordered it medium rare but of course it came out medium-medium well.  I was a little disappointed in that but ate it anyway. The flavor was good but a little tough since it was over cooked. Also ordered the gorgonzola pear salad and a beer.  That all came out to about $50.  Not overly priced at all!  Not  a place I would frequent in Vegas,  but it wasn't too bad!
Good service and a great spinach salad last week for lunch. Close to my office which really helps as well.
There was a tapping party on Tuesday, there Festier beer (I think that's how it's spelled) 1st off, I love Gordon Biersch, I've never had this beer before, and I loved, loved, loved it!  Did I mention the tapping parties are free if your a Stine member, maybe even a passport member.  So for 2 hours, you get all the beer you can drink, and they serve you food....Free, did I say free?  Sometimes they also have fundraisers.  But again they feed you, and free beer!

We were there with friends, we decided after all the festivities were over to go and get a table.  She ordered Chicken Parmesan (I never saw this on the menu) I got my Potato chip nachos,  with extra cheese and Jalapenos.  They were good as always.  But I tasted the Chicken Parmesan...Whooa...How did I miss this amazing dish!  I'm not even a big Chicken Parmesan fan!  This dish was amazing!

I can say I love almost every dish at Gordon Biersch that I've tried.  The burgers.....There OK.  I've been going here for over 8 yrs, and I love this place. 

Ohhh, yea, and  happy hour is 7 days a week 2 times a day!  That's what I'm talking about!
Ohhh yea!  Got the Chicken Parmesan, it was awsome!  I'm not even a chicken Parm, kinda gal, lol  But this was sooooooo good, I would for sure order this again.

Also we got the Chicken wings, haven't ordered those in a while, they were sooooooooooo yummy!  

Service is always awsome!

Did I ever say how much I love this place?

Happy hour is 7 days a week one from 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m

And from 10:00 p.m. to Closing

The food on the Happy hr. menu starts at $5.00 for some pretty good stuff on it.
Always has great beer. The Vegas spot is a little sparse on the clientele in the evening, so don't expect to ignite your night here, but it is a great alternative to the Hofbrauhaus. Three stars, but solely on atmosphere - Vegas is all about the people you meet. 

Food not rated.
German food here is 10 times better than Hofbrauhaus!!!!  We went for Oktoberfest and they had a special menu with some German favorites on it. I got the sausage sampler [and why not I am in Vegas after all!].  It was delish!!!  Homemade mustards were to die for.  And the red smashed potatoes with kraut, pork and onions was AMAZING.  My friend kept stealing bites of my mashed potatoes b/c he liked it so much.  I had to be on the defense for the fork war that was going on.

You can't find something on the menu here you have BIG issues.  It's almost overwhelming when you open it up there's a little bit of everything- seafood, pizza, pasta, sandwiches, German fare, burgers, Asian, etc you the idea

They do have low calorie options as well; however,  I did not participate in them on this experience.

Beer sampler is a steal at $5.75 esp when a regular beer is $5.25
I have to give this place at least 4 stars based on their service alone.  This week was only my 3rd time here in the last 2 years, but everytime I've been treated pretty good.  A couple of things first, it's always been on the weekdays, happy hour, and I always sat at the bar.  

I've usually just have the HH food (i.e. sliders, fries, etc).  All are good, but nothing that sets them apart.  It's cheap though.  I recently tried the crab stuffed yellow tail.  Got to say, pretty good stuff.  

Usually came out here to drink and can never complain about their selection.  Not too busy for a Gordon Biersch.  My 4 rating is mainly for the service, ambience, and beer.  For a restuarant somewhat close to the strip, you get that mix of the "Vegas Baby" crowd and locals.
A little pricey but very good food and beer.  Go there during happy hour and the prices are much more reasonable.  Excellent burgers and the lobster pasta is also very good.
Fun place for cold beer and good, casual food.  We closed up a trade show at 9:00 pm and went there - had a great time.  They brew an excellent selection of beer.  The food is good too.
Don't go there for lunch, service is slow, my order was wrong and there was no attempt to correct the problem. The manager walked past our table 3 times and never asked how our meal was. I've been to other Gordon Biersch around the country and not had this bad an experience. I guess it's typical for Vegas.
Great food and pretty good all around beer. The Schwartz beer worth trying as a sessionable black lager. Wit and Hefe will keep you relaxed in the summer!
its a typical 3.5-star restaurant. Nothing special - even their famous beer is not that great anymore. 

It doesnt mean their quality has fallen - today, we have a lot of restaurants/bar serving all kinds of beer from around the world. This makes G&B not so special anymore (it was 10 years ago).

However, if you like watching basketball and football games, this is a place to go. They even have happy hours - you get $1 discount on all beers! Only a dollar but it counts. 

Other happy hour meals were like 5, 6, 7 dollars and they seem to be ok. I didnt order any of them - I dont order food based on the price. You live only once. Eat what you wanna eat. Then maybe you will get heart attack and die happily. Yes, food here is very greasy.
Service awful, people seem to be deaf here, no smile and unwilling to accommodate sittings when not even half of the space is occupied.
I took my parents to Gordon Biersch for dinner while they were in town.  the 4 stars is largely based on the service we received, it was prompt, courteous, and genuine.   My mother was interested in the Lobster Bisque but even a cup was too large a portion, so we didn't order it.  He later surprised her with a small ramekin of the soup.  It was very thoughtful and she was impressed by that.  We enjoyed the food and the overall experience.
I really want to give this place a better review but its my civic duty to warn my fellow yelpers of the horrid service I experienced here. I came in here on a Sunday around after studying at the library with two of my friends. As soon as we walked in the hostess seemed annoyed that she actually had to do some work. We finally got seated and our server came up and read off a prepared statement he had written down on his bad to talk about his beers. He took everyone order and never came back with our drinks =(. 

The really crappy thing is the fact that the food took forrrrever to come out. And we weren't the only ones. The manager just loved walking around doing absolutely nothing. I mean everyone in our section was sitting there for at least 30min+ with out any food and he just frolicked around the restaurant with a smile on his face like this is how it supposed to be.

I hate the Kobe burger which was pretty whatever, just like an over-priced patty that people think is really high-end, but the garlic fries were pretty good. My friend had a lobster tacos which came with a cold side of rice/beans and for $15 he expected at least 3, not 2 tacos. Sucks for him. 

I've been here before for HH and its always been pretty good but i dunno wtf happened this time. Whatevers, ill check it out again for HH, but man that was a horrrrrible experiece
They have good house beers, their egg rolls are awesome when dipped in their house jalapeño ranch. The Hawaiian pizza was all hand made and the crust soft and chewy like fried dough would taste; one of my favorite crusts however the pizza sauce flavor was a bit bland. The ham on the pizza were large chunks but almost too big for a pizza. I ended up eating them on the side.  Overall the place has great atmosphere and I can't wait to come back.
I visit Gordon Biersch more than any other restaurant near the strip.  This place is a favorite as I can do anything from a quick informal business lunch to a night out with the family here all while accumulating points on my Stein Club membership and enjoying some good beer. 
(The Stein Club is the best bargain in town, it was $20 for the base Passport membership and $20 on top of that.- for that I have a locker and name plate holding my Stein for my next visit.  This is a nice ice breaker when bringing guests in, and they all want one as well.  Gordon also has quarterly events for members that includes free food and beer with some additional events thrown in just for fun.  The rewards program has paid for itself and more!)
As far as the menu, the lobster tacos and the Jambalaya are always good.
For desert, try the bread pudding, even for those who don't usually like bread pudding this one has made fans.
Amazing food, beer & root beer!

I came here for an end of the year feast with my coworkers a few days ago, and we were impressed. The restaurant is big and roomy, the ceiling is high like a cathedral and the giant windows makes the environment look bright and comfortable. The service was exceptional and there was never a moment we had to ask for a refill, even with +15 people.

I had the salmon dish as well as the steak tacos. The steak is so tender it almost tastes like the salmon in terms of texture and consistency. Their garlic fries are amazing. The home-made root beer is excellent, if you're a root beer fan. If you want to try something exciting, I recommend the lobster tacos or the crab cakes. Despite whatever you order, everyone's feedback in the group seemed positive. Whether it was the BBQ hamburger, pasta, tacos or salmon, it was well enjoyed.

I'm not sure if I would go here for sports events simply because there isn't enough TVs. In the corner I was sitting, the closest TV to me was about 6 yards away near the bar. So it's definitely not like The Boiling Crab or even Yardhouse in that regard. However, the Happy Hour should make it all worthwhile. I'm hoping to check out the HH the next time around.
Gordon Biersch ist eine Restaurant-Kette mit eigener Brauerei. Die Auswahl an unterschiedlichen Biersorten ist dementsprechend hoch. 
Die Speisekarte führt viele Fleischgerichte, aber auch Salate, Pasta und Fisch. Dazu gibt es auch Ausgefallenes wie Curry. 
Der Service ist schnell und freundlich  auch wenn die Frage nach schwarzem Tee verneint und daraufhin Earl Grey angeboten wurde.
I've only been here 2 or 3 times, and have had a great experince every time! From the really nice hostesses, super attentive server, to the manager coming by asking how everything was I felt like the staff were happy to be there which is refreshing! The food was amazing everytime, I like how wide of variety the menu has so whatever you're craving they have it, the potstickers are so delicious! All of the burgers are delicious too, my friends were pleased with their mushroom swiss, and kobe burgers! The're known for their garlic fries right when you walk in you can smell them, and they are so yummy!! For dessert we had a bread pudding which was SOOOOO GOOOD! I walked out of their full, and happy!!
I went here with friends and family after having just moved here. The atmosphere was great and they had good beer and cocktails. The waiter was excellent and very friendly. He remebered our order without every writing anything down and got everything correct, even though we were difficult with our orders. The food was excellent and the server constantly made sure we were taken care of. Defenitaley reccomend!!!
Stopped by for a quick lunch. Wasn't expecting the food that I had. You know, the meal where you say, I could come back here for dinner. Priced very well and the portions are great too! Must say, if you are looking for options with a nice brew, hit this one up; you will be happy you did!
Lunched it up with some coworkers here. It was your average bar food mixed with some other overpriced menu items. I really liked the garlic fries but I didn't find any reason that I would make a return trip.
Ok I just have to say this. Don't fu^%ing offer Kobe beef hamburgers and then not be willing to cook them medium rare. And then tell your waitress it's Nevada state law. I'm not a tourist. I fu*%ing LIVE here. I can go to any number of restaurants in Las Vegas and get a medium rare hamburger. It's like offering sushi grade tuna but only allowing you to get it breaded and fried. Such a waste. it wasn't even my order. It was my friend's order. But the more I think about it the angrier I get. I wouldn't normally even do a review of a chain restaurant, because I figure that's what I get for going to a chain restaurant. But I guess I just wanted you all to know.

Other than that, the food was meh. Not as good as I remembered. Crab artichoke dip was good. Waitress was nice and attentive. I just can't quite get past the kobe burger thing. I can't. Oh and apparently the hostess thought it was proper form to look bored and walk away talking while seating us. Probably didn't help this review to be seated by someone who makes you feel like you're inconveniencing them by wanting to sit down. "Sorry, are we bothering you?"
I joined my coworkers for Happy Hour here yesterday from 3:30 to 6pm.  Because I work a mile away, this is probably the 50th time I've had HH here but this is my first post - mostly because I always have too much fun at HH and always have a good experience, so the need to review slips my mind.  But finally, I am reviewing the place that has probably been able to pay their electric bills from my tabs.  Here's the real deal.  ONLY GO HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR!!  The HH is from 3-6pm (and from 10pm to close) and has great food specials.  Yesterday I had the Baja Tacos with a $7 happy hour price and it was the best $7 I have spent in years.  You get 4 fish tacos for the price and they were delicious!  The brews are $1 off, which isn't the best deal in town, but their HH food specials make up for the low beer discounts.  You can't go wrong with the garlic fries and the southwest egg rolls - ORDER THEM!!  They have space for merging tables for larger groups and have plenty of TV's for all the sports watching.  From a reviewer who has been here about 50 times, the 5th star is missing only because the service has been mediocre most of the time - sometimes because the happy hour is understaffed.  But once the beer and food arrive, it's definitely a 4-star place!
After having visited their other location in Las Vegas, I was incredibly disappointed on many levels. 

I had come to expect a certain level of service. I don't mean speed alone - I realize I visited on a Friday night and that it would be busy. But the staff was impersonal, uninterested, and acted as if they were getting paid $30/hr. no matter how they treated us. 

The food, though I don't know how, didn't even compare to the other location. The signature garlic fries were soggy, rather than crisp, and the fresh parsley that usually tops the lot had apparently wilted under a heat lamp. Fresh chopped garlic was seemingly an afterthought (on GARLIC fries?), as it was unsoftened and spicy.

The turkey burger looked, tasted, and felt like leftover meatloaf. Not leftover from last night, but maybe last week. The fresh avocado was the only saving grace, though the steamed veggies on the side weren't hurting anything.

I don't usually give restaurants too hard of a time on the weekends, but the combined service, flavor (or lack of both) was offensive.
MENU CAHNGE: So I've always enjoyed the flatbread tapas at happy hour. I dragged a bunch of friends for full price dinner here last night and...

they have replaced their flatbread with what appears to be straight up from the box Matzoh Ball CRACKERS.

I think any toddler is familiar with the difference between crackers and bread.

So $10 for some crackers and tiny scoops of hummus, bruschetta and tapenade is steep. But then I realized my friend had ordered the flatbread pizza and was struggling to eat it because CRACKERS can't support the weight of pizza toppings and sauce.

Another guest politely asked the waiter about the crackers and the server said it was a permanent change.

Here's a permanent change: I will be going to one of the other couple hundred gastro pubs in town with great atmosphere. Or hell, just walk across the street to Firefly for actual tasty food! 

And the fresh brewed beer isn't worth it--a lot of the brews are heavy with a syrupy honey taste. bleh.
Went here for a friends birthday dinner and wow have things changed. Portions and quality went down quite a bit. I ordered the Kobe burger because I had it once before and used to be delicious. This time the bun was almost stale. The bun looked identical to the ones at walmart that you got eight for a dollar, sad part is that it tasted worse than those.  I have to assume they are trying to cut costs and it shows. Everything seems to be a little more bland. I hope they change it back soon because I really used to like this place.
We come here quite often however since the menu change we only come now for the service from our favorite server in the bar area at the bar tables for lunch. I think she's been there for a decade but she's always attentive and personable. We also like the older bartender lady  and all the managers are really nice.  Why did they get rid of the pizzas and replace it with those thin flatbreads that can't even hold lettuce.  And my southwest sandwich is gone and the  chopped salad is horrible it was awesome the way it was.  The hummus salad was a work of art before now it looks lame sorry but who ever decided to re do this menu must have been smoking something many people in our office that used to go there for lunch as well no longer go because of the new menu.  CHANGE IT BACK!!!! And stop raising the prices!!
Ordered fish and chips.  Waitress asked if I'd like garlic or regular fries.  I asked for regular.  Got garlic.  Plate came with four pieces of fish, about 18 fries and about 1 ounce of cole slaw.  Maybe there's a food shortage in Vegas.  Potatoes and cabbage out of season, perhaps.  Anyway, fish was ok. Overcooked and dry.  Meh.  Did I mention that the waitress acted as though she was doing us a favor by serving us?  I'm sure she had better things to do...   Not a bad experience. But wouldn't go back.
This is a fine restaurant to go to when you want to get away from the noise and chaos of Vegas. 

They also have Czech Pilsner on tap. Yay!
This is my bi-weekly business luncheon group at Gordon Biersch. I enjoy the room they set up for us,service and the menu they provide. The staff is always helpful and friendly, I enjoy Octavia the hostess very professional and kind. 

I truly enjoy the food and the service! On of my colleagues informed my that they have a wonderful brunch service.
I love to come down here with friends for beer. Their house beer is fantastic, music is low enough for you to enjoy and engage in conversation without yelling. 
I wish they were open later than 12:00am.
I love the outdoor patio on a beautiful spring day!  The quality of the food was very good.  And the microbrews are also great.  There is a sports bar atmosphere inside with plenty of tvs.  Service was excellent.  I would recommend this as a great walking destination off the strip.
Let's talk about TAPPING!
As in Stein Club/Passport members tapping parties! The latest one (for Sommerbrau)was held near the end of May on the patio and it was a great time! Tapping parties are also charity functions, with plenty of raffle prizes for those who donate to the chosen cause, which changes at each party.
Lucky attendees got to sample tasty menu items as well as the latest seasonal Gordon Biersch brew! My friends and I, including Dionicio G.,look forward to these parties like no other social event! It's a great opportunity to mingle with other Club members and enjoy some of the best beer around!

ALso,
Happy Hour EVERY DAY from 3-7 and 10-close! All beer is $1 off, and all speciality cocktails are $5. 
Pizza is back on the menu, and it's on the happy hour menu as well for $5 (for a mini pizza). Other $5 food items are tapas, pork sliders and flatbread pizzas. The regular menu has a huge variety of sandwiches, appetizers, salads and entrees. 
Try the seasonal menu items along with a seasonal brew! There is plenty of seating inside and on the patio as well. This location is popular with tourists, as it's close to convention facilities. 
I'm awaiting the day when Gordon Biersch will open a new location in Henderson..... are you listening, corporate???
maybe I'm giving a bad review because I ordered stir fry at a place that clearly doesn't specialize in stir fry, however, if you have it on your menu it should be up to the standards of everything else.

The "spicy" chicken cashew stir fry was...1. not spicy, at all and 2. it was as good as the chicken terriyaki made by healthy choices that you can buy in the frozen foods section of the grocery store.  I'm ok with that for $5 like the healthy choices steamer, but I'm not ok with that for $15. 

I tried the fries from my friends dish and those were ok.  From the rumors, I was expecting a lot of flavor, and didn't get much.  I ate the remainder because they were ok, but mostly because my stir fry was so small.

As far as burgers go, maybe they're good...I don't know.  But I won't be returning because the food I had was mediocre at best.  I've cooked better stir fry at home.

The waiter was great though!
We had a great time last Tuesday at the Gordon Biersch  Tapping party. But to be honest we never had a bad experience at Gordon Biersch  we been to the brunch and we  also had dinner there. The food was great and the staff very friendly. I would recommend the restaurant to anyone.


Michael & Marcella
Me and my wife Attend the tapping party event for the Injury police officer fund on May 28 2013. We had a great time and it was for a great cause. People where  great beer was excellent and so  was the food. Besides going to the tapping party me and my wife been to Gorden Birsch a few times for sunday Brunch. The food was great and so was the music. Also the staff was very friendly. If you are  coming to town or live in town i would recomend it to my friends and to the many tourist that come through our city. Last but least the beer is all german and it taste  so good

Michael and Marcella
6/5/2013Edit "
Me and my wife Attend the tapping party event for the Injury police officer fund on May 28 2013. We had a great time and it was for a great cause. People where  great beer was excellent and so  was the food. Besides going to the tapping party me and my wife been to Gorden Birsch a few times for sunday Brunch. The food was great and so was the music. Also the staff was very friendly. If you are  coming to town or live in town i would recomend it to my friends and to the many tourist that come through our city. Last but least the beer is all german and it taste  so good
Food was good, atmosphere was good, but our server was awful.  I believe her name was Lynn.  Very slow service, took forever to get her attention and was only nice when she dropped the bill.

I've been here before with great service and food, but this experience was the exception.  Hopefully next time I go it'll be better and I don't have Lynn.
As far as Las Vegas brewpubs go Gordon Biersch is OK. Prepare yourself for a TGIFridays type of atmosphere, decor, and food and you can do fine. The beer, though, is decent, but unspectacular. All are fair representations of a narrow range of beer styles, mostly lagers. Not a lot of variety in the flavors, but reasonably well made beers.
The service was OK, but not great, when we visited.
I arrived just after 10pm on a Wednesday. They have a limited menu and its all bad for you! The Kobe sliders were delicious. The tapas flatbread has a nice medley of dips/toppings. A Marzen lager washes it all down nicely. The place had a good vibe with people laughing but not too crowded.  The waitress was beautiful and friendly.  Check it out.
Worst service I've ever had. Rude, disrespectful, and way too much attitude. Our server wouldn't take our order without rolling her eyes. Slammed our waters down on the table. Gave sassy one word answers to questions and refused to be helpful. Manager appologized but never offered to make it better. We left after 10 minutes. Never go here if you want to be treated with respect
I was very impressed with this location. I had never been here and I tend to be a lil picky. I asked for modifications, the waitress was accommodating and sent the manager over to double check. The manager was also very accommodating, personable, and we had a nice conversation. This place doesn't serve just your typical bar food, although its available, everything was very good. I will definitely be coming back, even if just for the incredible service.
Love happy hour in this place and beer is amazing
I gave this place 3 stars because it really is A-OK. Food was good but place was a bit loud.

I had the Steak Frites and it was cooked exactly as I asked - Med Rare.
Close to the airport, they can get pretty busy and servers can get flighty. The times I've been here, I've never missed a flight so it's not that bad.

Garlic fries are fantastic! You can skip everything else on the menu but not the garlic fries. They use fresh garlic...dragon breath! After they took my go-to dish off the menu (blackened Mahi sandwich), I felt so lost and unable to choose what's good here. Then, they put it back on the menu...talk about playing with my emotions! Their hummus and calamari are quite good.

Beer-wise, I like their Hefeweizen (fruity, sweet wheat beer) and Blonde Bock (heavy, creamy and filling). You'll end up wanting more garlic fries.

This place is more like 3.5. 5 stars for the garlic fries, 3 stars for the service and 2.5 stars for the entire menu and value.
Met the gf here for a light meal right after work on on Tuesday (last night). We sat in the high tables in the bar area during happy hour.

Staff: Waitress was nice, smiling and polite. She went along with some of the witty banter me and the lady were spewing. She was prompt and checked on us often, refiling the free bevs each pass. 

Food: OK so maybe I am an Italian from NY and I have high expectations for pizza, however they did have a Margarita flat bread on the happy hour menu and figured it was worth on try. Turns out I should have held out for elsewhere. The 'flatbread' was more of a crispy communion wafer then actual bread. The ingredients on the top did not do it any justice either. We each got the harvest chicken salad (not be design, i was hoping to critique 2 dishes but it was exactly what I was craving (salad with chicken, pecans, raisins, apples, etc). It was actually a sizable portion and I ended taking some home. It was good, but not great. The dressing was lackluster, but the chicken was really good. Felt like maybe I should have found a chicken dish on its own and tried that

Ambiance: Actually has a good feel to it. Plenty of light and space - doesn't feel like you are in a hole of a bar like some of these places. Wasn't too busy (Tuesday early evening). But the bar was full by the time we left around 730

Happy hours - looks like a pretty decent deal, some cheap food, however I cant comment on quality as I only had the flatbread (see above food). Tuesdays they have $2.50 beers, just not specialty/bottled, so no cider for me ($5)

Overall - I like the feel in there, just wasn't big on the food. But the staff was nice and I feel like I will probably give it another go and try something else on the menu
Went here with a friend last week, loved it!!!!
Happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm worth the trip.
If you've lived in Vegas for any length of time you have probably been invited to join a group of coworkers for Happy Hour at Gordon Biersch at some point. I've been there countless times in the 9+ years I've lived here for going away parties, or just random group gatherings, but never gave much thought to the quality of the food. So when I was recently sent over there during the day for another work related item, the suggestion arose for me to take the opportunity and check out the burger. I can't say anyone has mentioned their burger to me throughout my time as 'burger blogger', so I was a bit skeptical by this idea but gladly took on the challenge as I always do.

There are two Biersch locations in town, the long standing one on Paradise near the airport, and a newer location in Summerlin. I actually haven't been to the one in Summerlin because there are far better selections in the area if I'm going to bother eating around there. The same could be said for the Paradise location, but it's probably the cheaper of the touristy selections around there. The exterior of the restaurant is still pretty cool, but the interior's 'brewery' look is starting to seem a bit dated. Whether you're there for lunch or dinner the place is always fairly populated between the close proximity to convention halls and hotels as well as the adjacent office parks. There are plenty of seats around the bar/lounge, as well as booths and tables both inside and out. The menu is all over the place with appetizers, pizzas, sandwiches, desserts, you name it. While they may not offer the healthiest options, they do have a decent Happy Hour with a few good snacks.

While pondering which of their Knife & Fork Burgers to try the waitress suggested an off-the-menu but highly popular Swiss and mushroom burger, which also happens to be one of my favorites so I jumped on it. Served with a large knife skewered through it, the massive burger looked great upon arrival. The flaky, gooey bun was quite good and very well-proportioned to the meat. The patty seemed to be pre-formed, but of good quality; the char flavor was present upon the first few bites but got a little lost with everything else once I really got into it. The mushrooms had great flavor, and the Swiss was melted well but not incredibly present. Overall it was very juicy, flavorful, and a huge surprise.

Their 'legendary' fries are good, but actually a bit too garlicky for me. Also the whole batch was a bit undercooked and soggy so they weren't the best example that day. You get a huge portion, easily enough for two people if you're looking to share. $11.50 for this burger is a great deal considering its size, quality, large portion of fries, and proximity to convention-oriented hotels. While I hate spending $2.95 for an iced tea, $15.62 is still not a bad deal for everything you get. Swap that with a beer and you've got yourself a pretty good meal.
Awesome food great service excellent draft beer
I've gone here a few times when I lived in this part of Vegas. It's consistently good and the service is friendly. A few times my order was confused, but the service was quick to fix it. It's a relaxing place to go with some friends to just chat and hang out.
I am very generous when it comes to reviewing restaurants but Gordon Biersch lets you down at every opportunity. Friendly service but the wait for the food is out of this world. 30 minutes for a simple salad in which the order turned out to be wrong. Once the right dish actually arrived only lack luster can describe the food. Choose another spot in vegas to get a trendy brewery feel, Gordon isn't worth the trouble!
I am not impressed with this restaurant. I came in for what I hoped to be a quick and delicious lunch, and almost two hours later I left very disappointed. The service took way to long and every placed order came to the table incorrect and had to be sent back. I really wanted to like this place but they gave me way too many reasons not to.
Service is good,beer is great. We liked the blue crab and artichoke dip. The ribeye was less than great quality. Too thick and not much flavor,other than the gorgonzola on top. The ahi tuna salad was very blend. I remembered better food....
Great food! Garlic fries, marzen burger, and the artisan grilled cheese were all excellent! Even the garlic spinach was delicious. Small selection of beer though. Overall, the food will being me back.
I live here in town and this is probably my most favorite place to eat.
the food has always been good
& the staff is very friendly.

the street tacos are my faaaavorite.
=)
I can't remember a trip to Vegas when we haven't gone here. 
The food is always good. This time I had the Cajun fish tacos, she had a chicken and shrimp platter with rice. She said hers was really good, tacos could have used a little more Cajun spice but they were still good. Slaw on the tacos was perfect.
For beers, we had a Marzen and a Hefe. They were both 4 out of 5.
Service was efficient and friendly. I had asked to make my beer and she must not have heard me but otherwise, no complaints.
We went on a Thurs night and it was busy but there wasn't a wait for a table inside, the patio was really hoppin' though.
This is always our 'go-to' if we can't decide on anything because they never disappoint.
The rating is solely based on experience with the General Manager - Mike Wong. I believe that if you are going to be a manager, lead by example. I believe that he should learn from his staff, because they  know how to handle the pressure of  a busy night. My partner, my dad and his wife decide to go to the Gordon Biersch this evening. We were advised by the hostess that we would have a wait of 15-20 minutes and that is what we waited. The bartender William was awesome very attentive as well as our server Cameo. She is great with the customers.
 
There were a few staff members that were stumbling over the mats at the service window. Since our booth was right in front of the service station, I made a comment to the General Manager. All he did was put the other mat over the other mat. So now the staff was stumbling over the mat going the other way.. DAH.. you think that he might have done something else to rectify the problem. 

He lacks customer service..He never came back to say thank you for noticing the problem, however his staff did. 

But that is OK . I wouldn't really expect it from him anyway...it  looks like he doesn't like his job, doesn't smile,, doesn't have any contact with his customers, very little communication with his staff either.. . From the short time that I was there he does a good job of barking order to his staff in front of his guest.
I love this place! The management and staff are very professional and treat you like family. Every experience I've had at Gordon Biersch is always memorable and fun! Thank you guys!
I want to first start out by saying I love this place and I go often as it is close to where I live.  Second I would like to stand up for the spectacular bartenders and waiters/waitresses, as I have seen many reviews that state there is bad service.

I will be honest sometimes I do not sit at the bar and sit at a table top in the bar area and once in a great while I may get someone who is not the best, however, if you sit at the bar, will you get great service.

My favorite bartender is Matt.  He is extremely friendly and is very attentive.  I also used to go more often during the day for lunch.  Forgive me for not remembering her name, there is a wonderful bartender there during lunch, she has short hair.  I feel bad because no matter how long it has been since I have been there she has always remembered me.

The food I love, the drinks are even better and I am not a beer drinker.

As long as I am being totally honest, I agree with Vincent K and his review of the manger.
Such a disappointment. I had a good memory associated with this place, it was the first place that my boy and I went for our first date. And I thought I would return with the father. Well I was wrong to pick this place. server was alright not that she was great but she wasn't bad. Definitely need to work on trying to upsell without being too pushy. 

Food.
We ordered 3 burgers: 2 Cali's and 1 veg. Why would u ask for the temp if its going to come out well done anyways?! And my veggie burger came out way after the other two because I heard them drop the plate. Food runner let me know it was going to be 30 seconds, well the boys had chomped down their burger before I had gotten mine. Anyways I was so upset because I work in a restaurant that I expected them to fix some of their mistakes through some kind of service recovery. Well she did offer dessert but I was upset enough and in a hurry to not take it. Ugh upsetting
Had a great burger and the garlic fries were killer
I'm not a beer drinker but others in our party enjoyed the flights (the waitress even brought 2 extras each so they could sample the seasonals as well!)  We ordered a selection of appetizers in the bar early-mid afternoon to share and each one was more delicious than the last.  Great service, great food - no issues at all!  Would definitely come back!
Visiting Vegas, we wanted somewhere off the strip with parking.  We chose Gordon Biersch because of the micro-brew... But were very pleased with the food!  We had the Winterbock seasonal beer and my lovely wife, who doesn't drink, got the Root Beer, which they ALSO make on site.  I got the churrasco steak tacos, my wife got the lobster and shrimp pasta, and my folks got chicken stir fry and Mediterranean chicken.   All the food was well presented, reasonable portions, and excellently put together. (As an example, my tacos had cilantro, but were NOT overwhelmed with it).  Our server, Lindsay, was fantastic, and the bill for four people was under $100.  Will definitely return!
We returned a few days later, and I am happy to say that our great experience the first time was not just a one time thing.  The food, brew, and service was just as awesome a second time!  Will plan to hit Gordon Biersch whenever I am back in Vegas!
Go to there happy hour. 3pm-7pm, good selection I recommend the slider combo. Good variety.
Other than their appetizers, beers and garlic fries, the food here is nothing special. Great for group gatherings and hanging out. It's a decent alternative during times (like CES) when it's nearly impossible to get a dinner reservation at a reasonable time at at a nicer restaurant. Very high energy, cool decor and  incredibly spacious.
Food was ok, except for the Lobster Bisque which came out cold. 

Service was poor, food was delivered to the table we had to get dishes and utensils ourselves.  

Manager was obnoxious and acted flip about the problems with service.

Would not recommend this restaurant at all until they get new staff.
Went on Friday night, seemed like much faster seating than nearby Cheesecake Factory.  Had the ny strip and grilled shrimp ($22) with the crab and artichoke dip app. ($9)  The app came promptly with crustini bread.  It had chunks of blue crab on the top and a cream cheese base.  We ended up boxing most of it due to our entrees arriving so fast.  The steak was thin and juicy.  Mashed potatoes as a bed can never be bad.  Green beans were also flavorful, A1 added to make everything go down easy.  Grilled shrimp were a bit plain, I believe there were 5 of them on a double skewer.  Our server was very attentive and the all important iced tea remained mostly full.
Horrible turnover from one server to the next. Server left after closin us out IN THE MIDDLE OF A FOOTBALL GAME and we got no service for 40 minutes after that. My friend ended up going to the bar to get us drinks after 20 minutes. Our beer glasses are all empty and the manager seems to be afraid to have a conversation with the tables, nor is he able to recognize when a customer is not being taken care of. Are the empty beer and water glasses not enough of a clue???
As always - GB is amazing. I try to find one wherever I travel, and this did not disappoint. 

Started with the Ahi app and it was seriously delicious and a little spicey. Yum.

I also enjoyed my GO TO on the menu, pear gorgonzola salad, yum yum yum! Always fresh and crisp. My friend and I shared a Chicken sandwich and it was really yummy. The hefe was delish, too! Always great service, great atmosphere and the food is consistently GREAT!
We dined here this evening and I had such high hopes for this place, mostly because I've been to the location at Boca Park and the service and food is always great.

Being restaurant managers and coming from food service backgrounds ourselves my boyfriend and I tend to take it easy on our fellow comrades, but this was a little crazy. The only reason we are giving one star is because we could tell most of the issues might have been resolved if the poor waitress didn't have so many tables in her section.

To begin our party was a surprise dinner planned by myself and a friend for her husband. Everyone was to arrive by 6:45 and the birthday boy was to arrive promptly at 7pm. At 6:53pm the hostess came over to our table where 95% of us had already arrived and had our drink order taken and told us that there was a miscommunication and that that table was for another party arriving shortly. According to her our table was ready outside. I asked her if we could make the switch RIGHT AWAY that we would go. She assures me it is, walks out to the patio (maybe unaware I was following her) and proceeds to look bewildered at the scattered empty tables and heaters. Long story short, the guys in our party rushed to put this table together, our table had 2 heaters for 15 of us, we did not receive menus/share plates/silverware for quite sometime, and our server took even longer to take our food order. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: I was not going to write a YELP about this experienced as I noticed all the tables the server had inside (and, again, I tend to take it easy on industry in situations like this), but the kicker came when I politely pulled the manager aside to give him a friendly heads up about the situation and he took zero blame and made no apologies. According to him it was entirely the servers responsibility to ask for help and as far as he was concerned all the tables he saw of hers were doing good (although he mentioned the only table he didn't know about, conveniently, was ours). Interesting to know given that I walked to the restroom and host stand several times for separate reasons, keeping my eyes peeled for a manager that was never there. In my professional opinion it is NEVER OK to make excuses to your guest and blame your staff. Was this guy serious? My intention was to give him a friendly heads up as a fellow restaurant manager and instead I left feeling more disappointed and a little bit disgusted.

My hope is that this particular manager reads this YELP and realizes the effect of his words and demeanor. Customer service rule #1 : The guest is always right. (even when they're not) and in this case we definitely were. Not sure I care to give this place another try in the near future. Hope this helps GM (I'm assuming this manager was not the GM).
The food was delicious, however the service was horrible. It took 30 minutes for our waitress to bring tomato juice for one of our partymembers as well as charging another one of our partymembers 60 dollars for french fries on their debit card.
I always get the chicken caesar salad and a good plate of garlic fries.  It is fantastic.  The garlic fries is really amazing!  Ample parking with a good view of the Residence Inn by Marriott.  That hotel is magnificent at night.  GB also has two (or more) event spaces available for booking group gatherings.
Great place! Loved the open feel to the restaurant. Took a little time to get a seat at the bar but worth the wait. Went on a Sunday and had a great live band playing. House beers were great! GARLIC FRIES ARE THE BEST!!! Definitely come here again.
On a recent trip to Las Vegas we visited this place and having never been to one of these we did not know what to expect. It was very busy and we had to wait for a table for 6 We were seated and we were greeted by our sever right away. Our drink order was taken and we ordered an appetizer. The manager Johnny Diaz , who was also helping with tables,came by and greeted us, he was super friendly and professional, asked if we had ever been here before and wished us a pleasant visit. Our food was everything we expected and then some. We all tried different dishes and everyone was very happy. We plan to return when we are back in the area. Our server was very attentive and helpful with the informaiton of what to do in Las Vegas/.
Its not rare that I review a chain, but it isn't a common occurrence either. I avoid chain food, however, a few of them are worth and it. IMO, Gordon Biersch is on that list. 
Some people hate page long menus like this one or the Cheesecake Factory. Not me, I LOVE choices. Although that usually means ordering more than I need or can intake but I am totally ok with that! 
Between the options of soup, salad, steak, seafood, pasta, and even the occasional  Hispanic or Asian flare- you can pretty much please everyone. I am not saying every single dish is off the charts, but I haven't had anything I wouldn't order again. 
A couple favorites are the Pecan Crusted chicken, Cajun fish tacos, the plain ol house salad (with extra dressing), salmon, and a friend of mine swears by the Cajun pasta, but I have yet to try it.
Another plus- convenience!!!
I can come here to sit at the bar, have a family dinner, or be in and out within my hour lunch break. Truly a great location in the central business are of Vegas. 
Overall, there are FEW chains I would ever recommend, and this will always be one of them!
This was the first restaurant we visited on our Las Vegas trip, and it was nice to start off with some quality drinks before we started exploring.  We went last month, and my boyfriend is STILL raving about the Tapas with Flatbread.  The olive tapenade that came in this starter is something I am going to have to try and make myself because he won't stop talking about it.

For dinner, he had a Cesar Salad, and I had the Gorgonzola Pear salad.  He liked his salad, I didn't like mine.

Our service here was poor.  The waitress did not take our order for 30 minutes.  We eventually called another waitress over because we forgot what our waitress looked like and we had to ask who our waitress was.  It seemed like the people sitting behind us had excellent service, so it is a hit-or-miss experience. Cross your fingers and hope for a good server.  We will be back to the Gordon Biersch near us, anyways, because the appetizer and the drinks were excellent.
We have been Stein Club members for years and have had really positive experiences in the past with Gordon Biersch.  We have attended Stein Club and Passport parties as well as classes with Brewmaster Lovelady.  We loved all that.  Unfortunately, all good things apparently must come to an end.  We have noticed a decline in the quality of service, food and beer over the past year or so.  We have visited less and less because of it.  Tonight may be the last night we ever go there.  The food was terrible.  We had appetizers which were featured.  The fried onion stack tasted worse than fried onions in a can .. like they were triple dropped in the fryer.  There was no onion in there at all as far as I could tell...  the filet mignon sliders were supposed to be 2 ounces... well if they were a half an ounce that is generous.  They were tasteless and smelled like old beef.  The brats were tasteless.  The pretzel roll was probably the best thing we ate... and that's not saying much.  Even the mustard was tasteless and old tasting.  We have always loved the beer but this evening, even the beer was bad.  The Maibock was flat and tasted turned.  The Pilsner was underwhelming and also flat... far beneath our prior experience.  Happy Hour prices for beer went up and no one informed us of that.  We complained to the manager who pretended to care and do something or another on the register but when it came time to pay the bill... which took forever to get.... nothing had been done to compensate us for the terrible service, terrible beer and terrible food.  It was abysmal in every possible way.  We have always been good customers and good tippers.  They have lost good customers tonight.  If this was the first time, we might have ignored one bad experience but, this has been a long time coming over the past year or so.  Sorry.  No more.  Or No Mas.
The service was a bit slow, ambiance was good, and our food was great.  They had plenty of gfree options as well.
This place is all hype. The only thing that is well done is their apps. Their food was cold and over priced. I was there for a large party, and the service sucked! They got orders wrong and we ended up waiting for a long period of time for the right order.
Poor service 
Took so long to even get a water
No napkins or silverware until I asked 

Garlic fries tasted really regular too me
Didn't live up to the hype

Gorgonzola pear salad was very splendid
I highly suggest it. The pecan crusted chicken on top of it was on point
Pears didnt seem fresh but everything else about it was good
The beer here is pretty amazing and fresh. I love German style beers and they have them nailed. Besides their staples, they also have excellent seasonals and the occasional Brewer's Select that is unique to each location.
Come for the beer and stay for the food. I can't speak too much to their menu as I usually just grab a burger and drink more beer :-) My burger is always good and I love the garlic fries.

PROST!

PS - Check out their tapping parties as the new seasonals come out. Always a great time.
I was at this location Sunday May 4, 2014 a little before noon for a private program. I was told we would have light appetizers but would be able to order something later if we decided to stay for the Sunday Brunch. There was no ordering later as there were Kobe sliders, egg rolls, hummus, chicken wings and garlic fries a plenty. Everything was quite good and everyone was required to take something home by our host. Very nice private room. They have live music on Sundays. It's an older crowd but the entertainment is outstanding with old school and classic R&B being performed. Get there before noon if you want a seat.
So, last Friday my honey and I attended a ballet at The Smith Center.  By the time we picked up the car from the valet it was past 9:30PM and we were STARVING!  All dressed up in our theater finery, we didn't much feel like fast food and the thought came to mind that we had never tried Gordon Biersch on Paradise and it always looked inviting from the outside so we thought, why not?

So glad we took a chance.  We got there about quarter to ten and were quickly seated.  Admittedly, they were not busy at that hour but still, it was nice being attended to so politely and with such courtesy.  Our server came over moments after we were seated and introduced himself to us.  Being that it was our first time there, he went over the menu with us and based on our feedback, made some recommendations for beverage and food.  I ordered one of their craft beers and my sweetie had a glass of wine.  Both were very nice.  For dinner, I ordered the Jambalaya and wifey the Chicken Pasta.  OMG!  Both were so good!  Her Chicken Pasta was full of flavor and my Jambalaya had just the right amount of "bad" in it to be wonderful.  Oh, and the desserts?  You know how so many places bring you way too much after a full meal?  Well here, they offer Mini Dessert Tasters, giving you just a few bites to finish off your meal, leaving a sweet taste in your mouth.  

Satisfied does not even begin to express how great an experience this was for us.  We will definately put this on our list of prefered places to dine.  I have over 100 girls coming to town early next year and may very well arrange to have this as one of our dining options during the week they are here!  Well done, Mr. Biersch!
Worse service ever sat at the bar for fast service before a flight good luck 

20 minutes later no beer or order after it took 15 mins to place order 

Got up a left 

Ridiculous
The two stars are based on the food only, which was amazing. The garlic fries were to die for! We came in Tuesday night and sat at the bar. The bartender seemed annoyed even though the bar was full. She was attentive but not friendly. It got weird though when one of the male servers came over and started talking badly about other guests to our bartender who he is apparently dating. I could tell because they kept kissing... on the side of the bar... in the middle of the bar with it being full.. it was weird. It wasn't the worst experience ever but I probably heard every single employee curse multiple times and the bartenders boyfriend just completely ruined it when one of the tables asked for a drink and he says to the bartender "fuck them tell them we can only make them this or that..." It's like this guy has never worked at a restaurant before and doesn't even know how to act in front of guests. 
I may be back because the food was awesome but maybe sit at a table and hope for the best.
Very chain restaurant atmosphere, but they have great cold beer and the garlic fries are a must have!
It's too bad I didn't bring my phone with me to take a picture of my delicious meal I had here. It's been almost a week and I'm craving some more of those delicious shrimp and lobster tacos. Absolutely amazing! Words cannot describe and they were served with white rice topped with black beans. I will be back for more on my next Vegas Vacation.

I highly recommend this place, service and food was perfect!
After the numerous times we've frequented this place for afterwork drinks, I think it's about time I left a review.  I may be a little biased because we've gotten to know the bartenders and some of the servers--I feel like I'm a part of "Cheers" walking in here! lol

I give it 5 stars mostly because it's everything you should expect from one of these bar/restaurants--bar food and booze.  Love the bartenders--Kala, Matt, Natalia and Billy--they're pretty awesome and always remember our usuals.  We're almost always at the bar, so I'm not sure what service is like at the tables, but I hear it's kind of so-so.  

The beer is pretty good.  Not a huge selection, because they like to showcase their own craft beers.  I really enjoy the food.  My favorites have gotta be the fried artichokes, wedge salad with blue cheese, the veggie pizza, veggie tacos, fish tacos, and the garlic fries! MMM!

I'd say it's moderately priced.  I know they have a happy hour, too, so that's fun.  Overall, I'd say it's a great place to come in, grab a drink, eat and hang out with coworkers.  Plus they have televisions all around the bar, so they get bonus points for that! :)
Nice spot to meet up wit frenz & chill out...They got the upstairs 4 folks 2 get loud...Family area downstairs, if U got the kids...Amy & I went 2 this joint & thru down a few beers...DAMN!!!  Took us a memorable glass home 2...Food is aight...I-candy, 4 sho...
Yes, it's a "theme" restaurant, but in my opinion the only thing that may appear theme-ish is the fact that they serve deep dish pizza, (which is quite tasty, by the way).

I do not like beer, but for those who do enjoy the frosty beverage, they have several local and on-site drafts on tap. My boyfriend really enjoys their summer ale at the moment.

They have a fairly extensive menu, which ranges from gourmet pizzas to pot roast to standard bar fare. The food is definitely good, but some items are a little on the expensive side. For example, a large chicken caesar salad will set you back $12 (it's decently portioned, but it's still chopped lettuce with some chicken). Conversely, the chicken parmigiana, which is absolutely delicious, is $12.99; but any average eater could easily get two meals out of it.

The staff is nice and fairly attentive, but sometimes the service is a little slow, depending on if you sit in the bar or not and the time of day.

I'd definitely recommend, but know you're probably going to throw down about $20 to get the full Chicago experience.
Great beer here, and a better atmosphere to boot.  I ventured out to this place and was quite impressed with the beer offerings that they had.  I had the Black Star Stout, the Hardway IPA and the All Nighter and all of them were stellar.  For dinner I had the Cajun pasta, which I would highly recommend to anyone.  The guy sitting next to me at the bar, who appeared to be a regular, told me the deep-dish pizzas here were stellar, but since I was a party of one I thought that a whole deep dish would be too much my waistline.  The rest of the menu appeared to be standard brewery fare with a solid selection of pastas, pizza, sandwiches, burgers and appetizers.

The atmosphere of this place was kinda nice.  Downstairs had a enclosed smoking area bar (where I learned the bartenders can take your food order but not deliver it to your table due to smoking laws; they leave you food right outside the section, tell you it's ready and you have to get it yourself) complete with many TVs, and there was an upstairs section as well that had a Golden Tee machine and a cigar lounge.  There also was a normal dining area and a patio as well.

Service in the smoking area of the bar was a bit slow, as the bartenders seemed a bit preoccupied by the girls at the end of the bar rather than my empty beer glass, but I can't really blame them too much since the girls were hot.

Great food, great beer, great atmosphere.  Hit his place up if you are ever in the area.
Really good New York style pizza,better then their Chicago style in my opinion.
Josh S. told me about this local Vegas place that has magical blueberry vanilla wheat beer. It sounds grosse but is in fact beautifully brewed, very smooth and tasty! This brew is now one of my top favorite beers of all time. Truly stellar!

The food is also very well prepared. I only eat meat sparingly and could not pass up the Trio of Filet Mignon Sliders appetizer (three broilded tenderloin filets topped w/ sautéed mushrooms & onions). The light and fluffy bread melted in my mouth along with the perfectly cooked Filet Mignon meat.

To save room for the beer, I chomped on a light Asian Ahi Salad (rare seared Ahi Tuna, mixed greens, toasted cashews, daikon sprouts, fresh tomatoes, w/ a Wasabi PlumVinaigrette).The Ahi Tuna was perfect and the dressing was good enough to bath in! So yummy! 

Sadly I only had enough room for the one beer but was eyeing the 50oz glass for my collection..next time. This place is a must for locals and visitors alike, regardless of its off-the-strip location. BTW, there is also a cool upstairs with games, additional bar, lounge, video poker, cigars/humidor and outdoor dining for cool nights.
Try the Hefe!
Admittedly, 3pm on a Thursday afternoon may not be the ideal time to assess a brew house, but it's worth logging the experience nevertheless. While the atmosphere at the bar wasn't unfriendly, it wasn't friendly either. Nothing like, "be with you in moment" or "what can I get you", but rather a somewhat removed bartender going through the perfunctory motions of his job and getting to you when he was good and ready, although without malice or attitude. Beyond that, the place seemed generally cheerless with a scattered assortment of that discomforting and singularly Vegasian type of the damned you run into occasionally off the Strip, not quite consigned to the clear, uncontested merit of hell, but somehow more vague and less defined--purgatorial or limbo-esqu--half plowed, engaged in chain smoking and vapid, pointless, loud conversation, or even worse, simply voiding any meaningful existence, head down, playing countertop video poker machines. The beer was certainly decent and what food came out of the kitchen looked adequate (at best). As a friend noted hours later after we'd left and found ourselves five minutes into a visit to Big Dog's Brewery, "I already like this place a hundred times better than the Chicago Brewing Company." Woof.
I was in Sin City for an Allman Brothers show in Red Rocks Casino when I found this little gem.  Actually I always look for Brew pubs around any area I travel to and try to taste different beers.  I stopped in for lunch and some beers.  I sat at the bar positioning myself to see the Red Sox game.  There are plenty of big screens in this place and they have all the games.  The restaurant was divided between restaurant and bar, smoking was allowed in the bar but not in the restaurant.  This was a clean and cozy place which had an upstairs lounge,  The bar  had about 8-9 beers of their own beer on tap and I started off with the Ramblin Wreck amber ale.  This was a nice refreshing beer, ice cold and ran about 4.5% alcohol.  I then scoped the menu and quickly honed in the Filet Mignon Sliders, the thought of fillet sliders made me forget about the other things on the menu although I did see  Cheese Knots on the appetizer menu.......hmmm.  So, I ordered the sliders and my next beer reluctantly passing on the garlic-cheese knots(next time....).  Being a "hop-head", I ordered the Hard Play IPA.  Though not as strong as I thought, this beer had plenty of hops.
Being a Sunday afternoon, there were several locals playing video poker at the bar and some just getting plastered on Jaeger bombs at 1:30 in the afternoon.  After the barkeep carded and shooed away two under aged kids, he brought out my trio of goodness.  There sat in front of me three sliders made from fillet mignon loin, grilled onions and mushrooms served with au jus.  So I started to dig in, man what an experience and guess what I had three of these little morsels to satisfy me.  Too bad I was pressed for time or else I would have tried more of their beers.  This is a good place to hang out and the service was great.  I would definitely stagger back in here, even though it's about 11 miles from the stip.  In fact I might just drag the Buffet Boys to this place next month, when we take over Vegas.  Look for Buffet Boys invade Vegas.........................
Oh yeah, the concert that's another story..............
Every time I come to Vegas, I make it a point to grab lunch here! There pizza is top notch, the brews are cold and delicious and the service is usually awesome! The last couple of times I've gone, the bartender/server was a younger guy that was happy to help, knowledgeable and even cut my cigar for me when I left! I totally recommend grabbing a pie and brew here, and try the wings as well! Worth the trip, every time!
I used to live across the street from this place so I ate there quite often. Beer is pretty good but I'd have to say the food is what sets this place apart from other breweries anywhere. I live in the bay area now and theres nothing like this out here sadly :(.

I have to say, this place has the best Ruben sandwich I've ever had in my life. You seriously need to try it.
I thought I was coming back to update my review.. just to find out I hadnt reviewd this place, what?!

Its a small spot but very comfy sofas and a few TVs to watch sports, excellent beer and even better chicken wings (they are enormous and delicious)

My own little secret corner @ the 4 queens....ah!
Stick to the beer and pizza and you'll be fine.  I've had most of their beers and they are very good.  I like the amber beer in particular.  The pizzas that I've had are good, although, I have to wonder what they mean by thin crust, Chicago pizza.  I don't think the menu writer has been to Chicago.  As to the idea of eating anything other than the pizza, forget it.

On a recent trip to Chicago Brewing, we got the steak sandwich and the Huli chicken sandwich.  The steak sandwich comes on a large roll with the steak inside smothered in some sort of mayonnaise based glop.  You would have to unhinge your jaw to take a bite.  No problem though, the greasy stuff they coat the steak with acts as a lubricant and with only a slight tilt, the top slides right off.  After I scraped off as much of the oily mess as possible, I took my first bite. I found the meat sufficiently tough that it would take a school of Piranhas about a week to consume.  Resorting to a knife, I chiseled my way to a second bite only to discover I was eating a solid piece of gristle.  Disgusting.  My waitress agreed and I was spared paying for this tribute to the lowest consumable grade of meat the USDA permits restaurants to legally serve. 

Then there was the Chicken sandwich.  It was so dry that I do not believe it could have been served in a place where smoking is permitted due to the imminent fire hazard posed by the flammable material found in the bun.  The skin on the chicken could not be pierced by anything short of an industrial laser, although,  I'm certain that any Texan would love to have a pair of boots made of this stuff.  Eating it, however, is out of the question.

Go to Chicago Brewing for beer and pizza and avoid getting too adventurous when ordering from the menu.
Great looking brewery from the outside and inside. Went for their graveyard happy hour and was extremely impressed with both the micro brews and the price points of $2.50 for a 22oz :0. Great service even though they were slammed. Awesome all the way around.
Stopped by here for a quick dinner on a late Sunday night. They have a midnight menu that starts at 11pm and happy hour that starts at 10pm. Their menu is limited to pizza, sandwhichs, typical bar food. We didn't order the pizza or beer because we just had it for lunch. I had the chili, my bf ordered the pastrami sandwhich which was just ok but I didnt like the bread it came on. He also had a side of mac and cheese that looked like it was kraft from the box. I could of made that for 25cents. The only cool thing I thought they had was chicken wings or tenders with ghostpeppers. It is supposedly the hottest pepper on the planet? Its pretty expensive too, $14 for 4 tenders or 6 wings. Since no one in our group wanted to eat it for a challenge we ordered the tenders and each took one. I think we all had about 1 bite and immediately needed a jug of water and glasses of milk. It was SPICY!!

If you ever have friends to want to take a challenge, Chicago's ghostpepper chicken wings are the place to go for it.
The second floor is a great place to watch sports!
This is another spot in Vegas that my wife and I frequented often. During the week their happy hour is great, with a 22 oz. tall beer for $4. The staff has always been friendly, though there seemed to be a lot of turnover the last time we were there.

While we always sat on their back patio, they do have a large inside, a smoking bar section, and an upstairs for private parties and events.
Had a craving for potato skins, so went here before a movie at Red Rock.  To my surprise, was told they changed their menu and no longer make them.  What's up with that?  They didnt bother to change their online menu and that's the only reason i went.  Since we were already there, had the trio of filet mignon sliders served with au jus which were tender and actually good.  Also had their onion rings, good but not as yummy as fleming's stack.  Also ordered their chicken quesadilla.  Yuck, made with overgrown dried out triangular crackers.  Tried their light beer they brew themselves.  Not impressed.  The highlight of the whole dining experience was seeing the girl next to us win 800 bucks at keno, of all things!
this place has always been good to us, we frequent this bar during happy hour with largish groups and they always take good care of us,  the beer is good, the food is good. Try the 6lb hamburger when you are there, for 20 bucks it could feed 10 people.
I definitely won't be returning here. My wife and I are new to town and wanted to start checking out the "local" scene! We were recommended to this place, and let's just say we won't be returning. The service was painfully slow and they weren't even busy. We ended up deciding to just share an appetizer, so we got chicken wings. I enjoy sauce, my wife does not, so I asked to get the BBQ on the side. They wanted to charge extra to put it on the side, the same sauce they would have put ON it. We both got one drink, the one appetizer, and ended up spending almost $30 on just three items. We will be going else where from now on.
The beers are extremely well done. Would definitely return and sample more of the lineup. They could put a little more effort into the pizza, kind of a half-hearted attempt at Chicago-style. It wasn't bad and I would eat it again but it's not anything I'd get excited about and I can get excited about deep dish.
So last night 13 Biking Las Vegas crew members assembled at the CBC for a birthday celebration.  Ample parking in a well lit lot.   There is a bar when you first enter so you get a whiff of cigarette smoke, but it's not too bad.  Just noticeable.  The Hostess was nice.  We were seated and as our group grew, they were very accommodating bringing an additional table and chairs without any indications of hardship.  It was like you were family.  Alex was our Rock Star Waitress.  Funny, outgoing, fun, gracious and kind.  Beers came out cold, Alex was seamlessly attentive.  Never made us feel like she was trying too hard; know what I mean?  Anyway, we never felt like we waited too long for anything and she and her team managed our big group with the smoothness of a well tuned and oiled machine.

We did not order appetizers and got right down to business.  There were a lot of salads consumed tonight.  Go figure, eating with a group of cyclists.  I had the Ahi Tuna Salad.  It was big and I was full when I finished.   It was comprised of about 6 ounces of seared Ahi on top of a bed of baby greens, daikon sprouts, crushed cashews, colorful yellow and red pear tomatoes.  It was supposed to have a wasabi plum dressing, but what I got was more teriyaki based.  It was okay.  A little salty.  They poured the dressing for me.  Gratefully it was not a heavy pour. 

No one complained, plates were cleaned, and they brought out two desserts for the birthday boy...to share.  Deep Fried cheesecake and a chocolate lava cake.  They were both delicious. 

I wasn't blown away, but I'd come back to try some of the other items on the menu.  

It's clean and Alex was the Bomb.
I've only come to Chicago Brewing Company twice, and both times were because of their awesome happy hour.  Happy Hour goes from 5:00pm-7:00pm and 10:00pm-12:00am daily.  You can get a pitcher of beer for $6.00; you can get pints and so forth with happy hour prices, but $6.00 pitchers have won my heart.  My two favorite brews at the moment are the All Nighter and the Weisenheimer.  Also notable are their chicken tenders on the happy hour menu, which is $6.00 and includes around 8-10 pieces of chicken.  Sauce options are mild, medium, hot, BBQ and I think maybe one more option; chicken is served with ranch and a celery/coleslaw hybrid kind of salad that I'm not too crazy about.  I'd rather have plain celery sticks.

I would say that if I'm ever in the area during happy hour, I would recommend going to this bar.  But that would be a lie, since this past Friday my friends and I were on Fremont Street and I STILL recommended this place for happy hour.  I'd like to try more food from the place before I give a full 5 stars, so stay tuned for an updated review in the future.
Although I live right across the street from this place, I don't eat there often.  This time I enjoyed it.  The baked ziti deep dish was a treat!  They take ziti, mozzarella, parmesan and fine marinara sauce and bake it right in to a deep dish pizza crust!  Fantastic.  The salad was good.  I got a beer but found it too warm.  I asked the server to make it colder so she brought a frozen mug to pour it in.  Didn't help much.  For $4 I would have preferred her bringing me a newer colder one.
My memories of Chicago are probably like everyone else's...mooning an umpire at a White Sox game. Like most people I have interfered with a potential playoff home run baseball, rode the back of Bill Cartwright, never ate at anything Michael Jordan owned, threw up deep dish pizza in a drunken haze, and snagging some cheap chick from Tinley Park in the bathroom of Exedus II. (We all know they are the easiest chicks in the Metro area...gotta love the naïve suburbs.)  You know, the usual things any one does in Chicago.

All of those good memories came flooding back to me when I passed the Chicago Brewing Company. A wave of emotions hit me...I almost hit my hearse into a bus full of nuns...almost reliving another Chicago memory I have tried to hard to forget. The smell of burning Habit is really oft putting and not one you forget easily...but I digress...
I sauntered into the bar a few months ago ready to smash any of those Chicago loving goons for just looking at me wrong, and what I found was a really nice place to eat, a great bar and some good food.
First, the downstairs dining room.  Sometimes your old pal Rex has a hard time getting up and down stairs. That damn keyboard cleaner really throws off your balance when you huff two cans.  So, I decided to eat where it was most convenient.  The one legged hooker with dysentery appreciated it...all that shaking from the hoping up the stairs can produce some horrible results.   She got a chicken sandwich with hot sauce and I got a cobb salad, a corn cob screwed up my partial plate. Remember kids...always brush at least once a week, I wish my 6 foster mothers told me that instead of what a loser I was.  Anyway...the cob salad is gigantic. It is a great salad. Chicken, bacon, avocado, egg, you name it. All fresh, all well seasoned and all very good.  Jasmine, if that was her real name, told me the sandwich was very hot, I wouldn't touch anything she touched but next time I tried it and I thought it was excellent. Big piece of chicken fried and covered with hot sauce.  There could have been more sauce because the bun was a little dry.  I ate several times down there and all the food was good, the waitress service was great and I never had a time where I wanted to start slicing up the booth with my steak knife. A good sign. The food was always good, but nothing they did was ever great other than the salad...wondering about the pizza...keep reading...

The bar upstairs is where things get fun.  There are a few tv's, some high top tables and chairs and a great little lounge area.  Good times on the weekend if you like the yuppie crowd. Rex doesn't. Perfect for discussing what is easily the best part of this place...the beer. Ah, the beer. They brew their own beer and it is good.  Despite burning my tongue on a tailpipe...don't ask...I could taste all the hoppy goodness.  They have a pale ale and go always up to a nice dark beer. Fruit beers, the blueberry one I tried, was good but not great, other than that they were damn good brews.

Rex will end this on a bad note, just like his 4 marriages, 8 colleges, 19 stops in state run facilities and the one time he met Kyle Petty.  The deep dish pizza sucks! Not just by deep dish pizza standards...but by pizza standards.  The crust is buttery, but after that it falls apart. It is not filled enough with toppings and cheese. It is a chinsy deep dish pizza.  Most medium deep dishes are about 8lbs, sometimes more. This is like 4. They need to add more to it and make it a more substantial pie.  I was disgusted. I threw mine over the balcony and screamed down from the bar "Al Capone should have killed all you sewer rats." Strangely they got upset by this. I am not sure I am allowed back.  I am not sure I care.

Rex Marvin leads. You follow.
The four stars are for the beer. Mr Cormier is a true craftsmen. The wife and I thought the food was unremarkable and somewhat bland. the service was fine.
Price for 1 cup of milk: $1

Price for ghost chili pepper wings: $15

Price of seeing a big guy being brought to his knees, getting into a fetal position on the floor, and crying like a baby after one bite of the ghost chili pepper wings and then writing about it on Yelp even though it didn't really happen so people will vote this review as funny.: Priceless!

For everything else you have Yelp.

@ Chips + Salsa / Beer Cheese - The salsa was just okay. The beer cheese just really didn't work. It just drowned a good portion of the cheese, minus all the fat that goes along with the cheese. You might as well pour oil into some beer and dip it in that. Thats essentially what you're getting.

@ Calamari - This was one of the saving grace of the night. Very delicious and crispy. The scores would be a lot different if this was the only dish I was rating, but it isn't.

@ Filet Mignon Sliders - Absolutely disastrous. I asked for medium rare, one of the 3 sliders was overcooked. The taste department was so dry, flavorless, and uninspired. The onions and mushrooms did nothing for this dish. I had to add barbecue sauce to a filet to make it not suck! When you have to do that, that just tells you how bad this dish is. The bread looks like it just came from a 20-pack at Costco . Not even warmed up or anything special done to it. Slider Truck is where its at for sliders. 

@ Olive Deep Dish Pizza - This just wasn't that good. Deep dish is suppose to be packed full of flavors. This was like eating bread dipped in ketchup and olives, flavorless and boring. 

@ BBQ Chicken Pizza - Some redemption. This did carry some good flavors and was good. I've had better BBQ Chicken Pizza before, but this  at least saved this place from getting a 1 star. 

@ Ghost Chili Tenders - Ghost chills is the hottest peppers in the world, period. I didn't try it because I'm really sensitive to any kind of spicy food. Our group did try it and it wasn't that bad for many. The worst effect is some numbness that lasted 10 minutes. But with a little milk and time, everyone was okay. Not like the oh em gee I can't open my mouth or eyes.

The reason for coming to this place was solely for our group to try the ghost chili. The menu is dull and uninspiring, its your typical bar food, and not even that good. 

Our waitress was very friendly. She was really attentive and personal. Nothing more you can ask from a waitress. However, food did come out kind of slow taking around 35 minutes for our food to come out. 

This place does take Restauraunt.com certificates, which could make a group meal cheaper. Double check to make sure the Happy Hour Deals aren't cheaper.

I wouldn't come here for the food again. If someone wanted to try the ghost chili, this would be the place to go. A great staff can only make bad food go so far.
Never eaten here but the beer is some of the best. The Saison is to die for!
This place is my favorite bar in Vegas.  Enough said.
Took a trip to my hometown of Las Vegas and made a special trip to CBC. I've always loved this place. The bartenders are hilarious and the beers delicious. Black star stout is really good. Reaaalllyyy good. I had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was nice. Like many others, I cannot stand behind the food here. But the beer and service are worth every penny. Special thanks to bartenders Seth and Adriana for keeping us entertained and our glasses full on this last trip.
Been to Chicago Brewing Company 3 times. Really like the beer but the food has been average. First time, I had clams that were all but flavorless, but my next two meals (blackened chicken quesadillas and then a bbq burger) were better. Still nothing more than you would expect from pub fare.

I've tried most of their beers and they have been consistently good. Of particular note are the Ramblin' Reck Amber Ale, the I.P.A. and the Black Star Stout. Last two times there, the seasonal was a rather nice version of a Belgian Dubbel.
Lots of reviews for Chicago Brewing Company, so I will stick just with the highlights. 
First, we had the deep dish veggie pizza. Probably one of the single best pizzas either of us have ever had. The veggies were cooked to perfection, and you could taste them. They were not just limp pieces taking up space. The sauce was nice and tangy, and the cheese was perfect. Not too much, but just enough to compliment the veggies. The crust was very crunchy and very buttery. I've only had better deep dish crust in Chicago. 
Second, the beer. Overall the quality of beer was great. I've had CBC beers before at Lee's Beer Experience, but never at the restaurant. They do taste different when you are on site and they are the only beer you are drinking. I had the sample for $9 (which was a good deal, better than chain samplers). My faves (already mentioned here) where the Ramblin' Reck (Red Ale) and Old Town Brown (nut brown ale). The Old Town Brown was one of the best nut browns I've ever had, and I've had a lot because it is my favorite style of ale. 
Third, this is the only "microbrewery" I've been to Las Vegas that actually has the feel of a brew pub. Unlike other "brew pubs" in Las Vegas and the lower West Coast in general, this place screams brew pub. I felt like I could have been at a brew pub in a place like Denver or Boston (minus the Chicago aspects). 
Fourth, the prices. We didn't do Happy Hour, but as others mentioned the prices are great. Additionally, the regular prices of beer is not bad at all noting that you can't get a beer half as good for less at other bars in town. 
I am happy that this place isn't too far away, because while I would go back for the food, the locally crafted beer is better than I could find most places in town.
Went here on a Wednesday evening to hit up the 5-7PM Happy Hour (5-7PM and 10-midnight, I do believe).  Parking lot was crowded, but the place was not.  Busy, but not like we expected from the lot.

Sat in the downstairs bar area, and got a table no problem.  Great service.  Our waiter kept checking on us, even though we took our sweet time looking over the menu.  Settled on an all Happy Hour fair.

The beer ($6 pitcher):  We got the All-Nighter first.  It was good.  A nice, light blonde.  As expected.  Round 2 was the seasonal All-Nighter (Sommerbrau, maybe?).  This one was better.  Definitely worthy of my ordering it the next visit.

The food (prices guesstimate, from what I THINK I remember):  They had Chicken Fingers ($5- mild, hot, bbq, teryaki), Chili Cheese Fries ($4), Spinach Artichoke Dip ($6), 10-inch thin cheese pizza ($5), and there was one other item, but I can't think of what it was.  We had the Mild Chicken Fingers (pretty tasty, and plentiful), Spinach Artichoke Dip with tortilla chips (good, have had better, but have had worse), and the cheese pizza (filled the void, but probably wouldn't order again).

Overall:  $30 total (incl. tip) for 2 people, 2 pitchers, 3 apps, all HH items.  Will be back for more.  Next time, I'm thinking we'll try the 10LB burger though.  Sounds yummy!  And as we left, we peaked our heads upstairs and will probably look to sit up there the next time, as the couches were full but the tables were empty.  I would just question the amount of service attention we'd get up there.
I'm giving this place four solid stars. My friend and I ate here during happy hour after seeing a movie at Red Rock. We stuck with the HH menu - some Garlic Knots, Chicken Tenders, and of course, their draught beer. The knots were delicious and definitely a HH crowd pleaser. The chicken was pretty good; they were tender fingers, but even though we ordered them hot, I could almost detect no spiciness.

To wash down the food, I had a Blonde Ale, while my friend started with their Hardway IPA and then switched to the Blonde Ale. I found the Blonde Ale to be quite tasty. At $2.50 for 22oz, it's definitely a steal. I tried a sample of the IPA and it tasted like a solid IPA! I wasn't in the mood for something that hoppy, but I can see myself ordering it next time. I also had a sample of their blueberry and vanilla wheat. I'm glad I did the sample first because it wasn't something of which I'd want a whole glass. It reminded me of another beer I've tried in the past that tastes like Fruity Pebbles!

What I truly appreciated about our visit today was the service that John provided us. It was just the little things he did to make sure we were happy. After all, it was happy hour. For example, when my friend ordered the IPA, he warned that it might be getting towards the bottom of the barrel, so he brought out a sample first. He also suggested that I get a sample of the blueberry and vanilla wheat first because other people have found it to be too strong in its fruitiness. I was actually going to ask for a sample, but he suggested it ahead of me. (And I'm really glad because I ended up not ordering it). He was also mindful of the fact that we were there for happy hour. He offered and came through by warning us when happy hour was almost over.

I can't speak for their entire menu, but this place is certainly on my list of good happy hours. Oh wait, I need to update my list! It's a little out of my way, but I will definitely return if I'm in the area, especially since I've now decided to see all my films at Red Rock.
Since this is a brewing company, I had to try the beer. The best way I thought was to go with the sampler... It comes with 9 (i'm not sure, I stopped counting after the first buzz kicked in!).. 

Out of the beers, I enjoyed the seasonal beer which was the blueberry vanilla. Guess it's cause I like fruity. I don't usually like dark brews but I enjoyed the black star stout. Had a very yummy coffee taste to it. The other beers I didn't really care for.. and actually some had a really really bitter to it. (Yes, I know beer is suppose to taste bitter but I didn't care for these). 

The food was good. Nothing I'd actually really crave again. The chili cheese fries were good.. reminded me of an upgrade weinersnitchel  chili cheese fries. I liked that they used thin fries instead of a thick cut. 

I don't like blue cheese but it went well with my sliders. The carmelized onions added a nice sweetness to it...

And there you have it, my review of chicago brewing company.
Brewed Iced Tea: YES

I first came here because I found a certificate on restaurant . com (don't leave home without one!). I absolutely loved my first visit. Loved the second visit, and the third visit wasn't too bad either.

I loved the garlic knots - only $5. My steak sandwich was cooked to a perfect medium. 

Our serve each time was very polite and was quick to fill our drinks. We also tried the soup from the ghost chili menu.. pretty damn spicy. So far the only thing I didn't like was the Ruben. There was something off about it.. the meat could have been past it's prime but it also could have been a seasoning I couldn't identify causing me to over think it. Regardless I didn't get sick off the little I ate.

Each time we went it was between 5 - 6 PM and the place was pretty empty. And for some reason the first part of the entrance smelled SO BAD. Like really old, stale, poor quality cigarette and cigar smoke. Once you walk past the hostess it's gone.. but still.. use some frebreze people.
Another excellent place to find craft beer in Vegas along with some pretty good food.  With the recent addition of their Hardway IPA, they have gave me a reason to visit more often.

This location offers a nice variety of seating, dining area, bar, upper level lounge.  Good deal on beers during happy hour, off the beaten path, in Summerlin.
I've now had my return visit to CBC and it is definitely a 4 star for the food. We went with another deep dish pizza and also had chips and salsa as we had a friend with us. The veggies on the Lakeshore Veggie are cooked perfectly (we get it without mushrooms because I can't stomach the fungi). The crust is crunchy a buttery, the sauce tangy but not overpowering. The chips and salsa (plus beer cheese dip) were also good. I loved the chips and the salsa. The cheese beer dip was sweet. I don't know what that was about, I don't know what beer they used, but it just didn't taste right. I could have eaten more chips, but thank goodness the pizza came out just in time.
I also had a full mug of the Ramblin' Reck Red. It was quite delicious. I bit more carbonation than other reds I've had, but still a nice malty flavor. 
I would have considered a 5 star, but our service just wasn't good. It was dinner time and happy hour so CBC was hopping. Our server was working tables inside and outside. We kind of got the shaft. He was very apologetic, which was nice, but not fun. 
I am looking forward to my next time so I can have some more beer.
Chicago Brew Co. has become our neighborhood bar over the past five years we have been going there.

I am not a HUGE fan of their food but I can tell you that their Spinach Artichoke Dip is KILLER and if you catch Happy Hour, you can get it for a helluva deal at $4 or so.

Their Happy Hour in general has a lot to do with why this is one of my favorite bars. They have traditional happy hour along with a reverse happy hour that starts at 10 and is good in the Beer Garden (fantastic outdoor patio with stringed lights) and the Loft (located upstairs and where you can find me a majority of the time). Their (tasty) brewed-in-house beer is 1/2 off and I think it's $1 off wine and well drinks, too. 

The atmosphere and staff of this bar is what got them the "Yay! I'm a fan" rating from me. Everyone is super friendly and it's one bar that doesn't feel like your run-of-the-mill PT's thanks to The Loft and the Beer Garden. 

My only complaint is they recently got rid of their Big Buck Hunter game machine. This may sound ridic but a girl's gotta hunt.
I have to talk about the beer I fell in love with initially: the stout of order. Now if your a Guinness lover, like me, this little number will have the similar joy that it brings but with a bigger coffee kick that lingers at the end. Oh buddy!
As for food, my boyfriend and I got a garlic, mushroom and spinach deep dish pizza that included roasted tomatoes which pulled the entire pizza together. I would love to high five to creater of the amazing sauce and crust that went into this pizza. Its as if the pizza Gods came and just delivered this piece of heaven to my neighborhood brewery. And its crazy to think that I've been living in this area for years and never thought to stop in. Count me in as a regular!
This was not our first visit, but it pretty much sums up the others.  Last time we sat at the bar, but this time in the dining room.  It's pretty, all brick, high ceilings, nice circular booths and also tables.  

The service was excellent.  I ordered a glass of wine and was happy to learn that it was not overpriced.  My husband had the brown ale, and he reports that it's very good.

Our server had to return numerous times, because it takes me forever to figure out what I want to eat, but he never displayed any impatience.  I finally decided on a burger with avocado, and my husband orderd the Chicken Piccata special ($10 - such a deal!), and the Split Pea Soup special.

He liked his chicken a lot.  It was a good-sized portion of chicken, and came with green beans and fresh red-skinned mashed.  The soup was good, too - a large-sized bowl with thick pea soup.  I tasted it and, as usual, it was way too salty for my taste, but he doesn't care about that.

My burger arrived on a huge bun, with the avocado, lettuce and tomato.  The tomato was a slice of completely white tomato CORE.  I asked the waitress who delivered it to bring me a slice of real tomato, and she promptly delivered a whole plate of red, sliced tomato.

The burger was big, and is supposed to be Angus, but it was dry, somewhat overcooked, and definitely not flavorful.  Instead of fries, I ordered a side salad.  The waiter had said I could substitute the salad for the fries, but he didn't say there'd be a $3 extra charge.  I didn't make a fuss when we got the bill because a) we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate, and b) the salad was absolutely huge, a composed salad of greens, iceberg, carrots, chickpeas, tomato, cucumber, olives, and croutons.  I gave half of it to my husband and still had enough to fill me up before the burger arrived.

I like this place:  great atmosphere, great service, and if the food were a tad better, I'd ramp up my rating.  But we'll be back.
My wife and I recently visited this place after driving by it a couple of times while running errands. The huge Chicago sign outside of the attractive building is what drew our attention to it... then, of course, discovering that it was a nearby microbrew, well, how could we resist?

I love microbrews... and I enjoy trying them out from the different regions of the country. When we first sat down, we were greeted by a very knowledgeable waitress who helped us through the beer menu. We started our evening with the nine-beer sampler for $9. This gave us a chance to warm up to all of the local offerings. After working our way through them all, my wife and I both chose our favorites.

Next came the food. We ordered the spinach and artichoke appetizer. Sure, you've had this in other places, like your neighborhood chain restaurants, but this one takes the cake. It was a huge portion and the flavor was nothing short of spectacular. If you like spinach and artichoke, this appetizer must be on your list of things to get here.

We then looked over the good-sized menu. There was a decent amount of things to choose from, but given the name of the place, we were immediately drawn to the deep dish pizza. I mean, with a name like "Chicago" how can we go wrong with deep dish pizza?

We chose correctly!

The deep dish pizza was some of the best I have had, and unlike other places that specialize in this style of pizza, it arrived to the table a little faster than I expected, which gave it a little time to cool down, which was good, because it was piping hot when the waitress arrived with it.

The dough was perfect. The cheese was real and it was perfect. The sauce was homemade - and one of several you could choose from - and the pepperoni was spicy and plentiful. Definitely a good choice if you like deep dish.

We finished our food, drank our beers and the waitress cleaned out the pint glasses - which had the restaurant's logo on them - and we got to take them home with us.

If you're in this area of Las Vegas and you have a little time, I strongly recommend visiting this place... it'll fill you up and it won't set you back a whole lot of money either.
DISCLAIMER: BEER AND SERVICE REVIEW ONLY!

I dropped by here and caught a bit of Monday Night Football in the upstairs sports bar area.

The bartender hooked me up with some samples and I ended up enjoying a hefeweizen (although they call it something else) and a stout.

I preferred the hefeweizen to the stout. It had a nice finish.

Service was fine, nothing special.  

That is all.
Bar area tends to be smoky, but the patio is a great atmosphere and always good times.
I finally decided to go after passing it for quite a while and am happy I did!  I arrived quite early for breakfast so I sat in the down stairs bar area.  I ordered a regular breakfast(eggs, bacon, potatos) and started some small talk with the bartender when she mentioned to me about their blueberry-vanilla beer.  WOW!   Love it!  So refreshing and fruity!  I plan on going back for more!  You will see more check-ins here by me!  Service is friendly and quick!
This place is what makes me love living in Las Vegas. Chicago's has a large menu so take your time when choosing. 

The buffalo wings are amazing with a slight vinegar twang and not too hot. The deep dish pizza is completely customizable, I recommend layering your pizza CHEESE FIRST, sauce, pepperoni, extra cheese, and extra sauce. Pot roast, when it is available, is probably the closest to homemade you can get. Lastly, I recommend the in-house brewed root beer: it has a sweet, vanilla, molasses taste. Simply awesomeness.

Chicago's is open 24/7 and the menu differs constantly so make sure you familiarize yourself. BUT the wings are available all the time, FTW.

The service is always friendly, knowledgeable about their brews, and (forgive me for saying) very easy on the eyes.

The beer review section: I suggest everyone to try the sampler then pick their favorite. The Old Town Ale and Hawaiian Honey are personal favorites. All the beers a distinctly different taste. I do usually prefer a dark ale (Guinness drinker) but Hawaiian Honey is the first light ale I've enjoyed in the at least 7 years.

I will definitely suggest this to EVERYONE that visits Las Vegas. A little trip off of the strip will definitely do you good.
CBC is pretty solid as brewery/restaurants go, but nothing special. Though, as far as micro breweries in Las Vegas, it's the best I've tried. The beer selection is decent but nothing I tried struck me as special. And isn't that the point of brewing your own beer? To be different than all the other guys? The food is typical brewery fare, comfort food, pizza, and a lot of fried stuff. 

The service is quick and friendly, and the prices are reasonable.
BABY DON'T YA WANNA GO?  Sweet Home Chicago!

As a born and bred Chicagoan, I was really excited when I first  saw the glowing 'CHICAGO" shining on to Fort Apache.  I've been several times since then and always come to the same conclusion:

Awesome variety, average food, good beer.

This menu has something for everyone.  They have wild game burgers such as Alligator and Elk, deep dish pizza, and a lot of standard fare.  What has got me buzzing since my last visit though was the Ghost Burger.

For those of you who have ever watched the TV show Man Vs. Food, you know all too well about the hauntingly hot ghost chili, but have you ever tried it?  A lover of all things hot, I was thrilled to learn that Chicago Brewing Company had several items on the menu featuring the ghost chili.  I have a good tolerance for heat, but let me tell you that the ghost chili is the REAL DEAL!  After my first bite, my mouth was an inferno of pain, my face began to sweat, and I couldn't reach for my mug fast enough.  I struggled to get through all the burger, but did it. 

It was an experience I'm happy to have had, and would never relive.  Expand your horizons, and taste some fire!

Bottom Line:  Great selection on the menu and good beer make this brewery a great destination for happy hours and group gatherings.
Had some time to kill, so I stopped in here to grab a bite to eat and watch the Cowboys vs Eagles Sunday night football game.  It has been over 5 yrs since I last visited this place and have heard a lot of good things about it, so I figured it was time.  I'm glad I did!

The waiter brought over the menu and as I turned through each page I got more and more excited......2 pages dedicated to Sliders, what?!!  I love Sliders!  Yes, it's true....two whole pages (see pics).  One page has exotic style sliders....ie Alligator, etc.  The other page has some unique ones.....I decided on getting a 6-pack ($15) which allows you to select 2 styles of Sliders.  I chose the Black and Blue (Black Angus w/Cajun Spices, Blue Cheese Crumbles, Caramelized Onions, & Chipotle Mayo)  and the Chicken Cordon Bleu (Grilled Chicken, Honey Baked Ham, Swiss Cheese & Honey Mustard Sauce).  However, I was extremely curious about the Ghost Sliders, which has Ghost Sauce, made from the world's hottest pepper....the Ghost Pepper.  Plus there's an entire 1/2 page on the menu dedicated to items prepared with Ghost Pepper!

As most of my friends know, I love spicy food.....but have never tried anything with Ghost Pepper before.  As a reference point, Habanero Peppers are 350,000 on the Scoville Scale, which measures spiceness.  Ghost Pepper registers 1,000,000+ on the Scoville Scale!

I asked the waiter if I could have a side of the Ghost Sauce so I could try it out.  He said sure.....however, he didn't tell me I'd get charged an extra $1 for that....which kind of irks me.  Keep that in mind if you decide to order a side of it.

To wash it down, I had a Hardway IPA ($3)....that's right $3 for a 20 oz glass!

After a few minutes the 6-pack of Sliders came out as well as the Ghost Sauce.  I wanted to try the Ghost Sauce before the food, so I took a toothpick and dipped the tip into the Sauce.....it burned the hell out of my tongue!  That is seriously H-O-T!  It's no joke!  But that's what I enjoy!

So....I took a Chicken Cordon Bleu Slider and dipped a little Ghost Sauce on it and took a bite.....yum!  It was great!  Perfect proportion of Ham & Chicken.....they complimented each other well.  The Bun was soft and fresh.....again, perfect.  Next I tried the Black and Bleu Slider.....it was just as good.  Although I could have had it without the Red Onion....I'm not a fan of grilled Red Onions...oh well, next time I get them without it.

I'm glad I ordered the IPA because I needed it to put the 5 alarm fire out in my mouth.  I also ordered a glass of Blueberry Vanilla Wheat ($2) after I was done with the IPA....it was also very good and cheap!  Can't get over how cheap the Beer was!

Overall, it was an awesome experience.  Good food, good Beer, and I lost my Ghost Pepper virginity!

Other things worth mentioning.....there's a 7 lb Burger challenge, yes 7 LBS!  If you can eat it in less than 12 min and change, then you get it named after you.  Believe it or not, it's been done before.  No way I could do that!

Will I return?  As the Macho Man Randy Savage would say......Oh Hell Ya!
I've had a restaurant.com GC for Chicago Brewery for about 6 months as I knew Id eventually find myself hungry in the middle of the night. Last night was that night.

They had only their late night menu available, but there were plenty of options available.  My girlfriend and I ordered the filet mignon sliders, garlic knots, and chicken fingers. All were well above average, but not amazing enough to come back exclusively for.  We didn't get to try the pizza because of the late night menu, but I remember it being pretty darn good.

We also had the beer sampler... I'm not much of a beer drinker but all their beers were pretty good. The sampler was more than enough beer for the both of us.
So, we decided to stop in for a bite to eat, my husband had been here before years back and experienced good appetizers and beer. A lot must have changed because the food was simply the opposite. When we walked in the host was very helpful informing us that one of the areas offered happy hour and we decided to take advantage. We ordered garlic knots and 6 huge and very appealing knots were presented. I love bread however after just eating one of these knots I was already OD(over doughed) we then ordered Fillet Mignon sliders served with au jus and that proved to be straight up maggi seasoning, the meat itself was decent but the buns were just cold strait out of the bag slapped on, then came out a cracker like and overly salted pizza and as if we did not have enough awfulness we decided to ordered their highly recommended freshly baked brownie but that turned out to be freshly over baked almost burnt brownie with a low quality scoop of imitation vanilla ice cream. Perhaps the real chef called out that day, but its hard to say if we will be back for take II
Beer is pretty good priced, and pretty good quality. Service was disappointing. Food was late. Iced tea cups only refilled once, and then only half-way. I guess it was a bad day for the team at Chicago Brewing Company. The three stars are because the price was modest, the quality (of the beer especially) exceeds the price point, and happy hour is good.

Irish Nachos (see below) were tasty and good quality. Also had Chicken Wings, Hot. Good quality bird. Tried the all-meats deep dish. Good quality pie.

Pecular recipe for "Irish Nachos", although very tasty. These particular "Irish Nachos" are served with deep-fried, twice-deep-fried chips...which in my mind makes them regular nachos with a flair. Irish nachos are supposed to be served with "potatoes" which makes them "Irish". Any of a dozen websites indicate potatoes as the main ingredient of "Irish Nachos"...not chips. But the food really was tasty!  

Nice location. I expect this place to stay in business for decades.
Good price, good happy hour, good beer. good location...underskilled or mishappen circumstances in some cases. Look, this place gets props for trying really hard... I mean "Big Big Beat", "Little Bottle" props. Don't get the reference? Check it out on YouTube.

Anyway, I went there twice in one week recently because they deserve patronage and they have really good beer. On special that night was Steak Diane, a real sexy hunka cow with erotic sauce and a little bit-o-"I Luv U" thrown in for good measure. Only problem was, I ordered it blood rare. I told my server (Joe, great guy!) "Get it? Still kicking. Barely warm. Just slaughtered. Blood Rare". Joe understood. I don't think the chef did. Served Medium to Medium-well.

I sent it back. Yes, forty dollars worth of meat and I sent it back. Do it again. Joe was bang on with the iced tea refills, and I noticed there was a huge level of concentration going on everywhere, including the kitchen (which I observed from my booth). 


They try hard, they redid my forty dollar hunka cow with the erotic flavors, and they deserve patronage. Good Blondie and Clyde dessert. Out-STAND-ing IPA. Frack me, the IPA was good.
The flavored beer is awsome! Especially with cheese knots. They have a 7 lbs burger on the menu as well for $20
Tonight I am having the Buffalo Mozzerella Salad for appetizer and BBQ Chicken Pizza for my main entre.

The salad was not bad.  I could have used more mozzarella and tomato.  Balsamic vinagarett was a reduction, I think.  Whatever it was, it was very good.  I shared it with my dinner mate.

The BBQ Pizza is amazing.  I like my BBQ sause sweet and the sause fitsthw bill. Everything is fresh and made to order.  The only hint I ammnot understaning is why thy pit corn on it.  I ordered it without the corn as I could not imagine it with corn.  The deep dish crust is amazing.  It is doughy and chewy and tastes great just like I like it.

Im conclusion, it was a great night with great food and great company.  You should have a good time.

Ps, they have beer to.
The food is standard, nothing special, but they do offer good portions for the price. 

What makes this place great is they offer many different options for seating, there's a place for everyone.

Oh, and the micro-brew selection is pretty god, especially if consider the happy-hour special is a 100 ounce tower for a mere $10.
I read some great reviews several months back and but it on my backburner to try.  Looking in the most recent reviews today I should have checked out the place sooner.  Really, a borderline 3 for this place.

We got there on a Friday night and it was a bit packed.  Decor is nice, dark, lots of brick.  Liked seeing the huge vats for their in house microbrews, real plus.  But really folks, does it take you 10 minutes to acknowledge that we might need a place to sit?  Naughty, naughty you hostess you!  On a Friday night you know business will pick up so be on the ready!

After finally getting seated we were greeted by our server.  Nice guy.  Told him we had never been there before so he showed us the menu and told us about their house microbrews and some of his favorites.  I told him I like dark beers like Guiness but I also don't mind a more medium brew like a Newcastle.  He told me I should have both!  His suggestion: 1/2 of their Old Town Brown and 1/2 of their Black Star Stout!  Also known in many places as a Black and Tan!  At $5 for a 22 oz. glass how could I go wrong?  Turned out to be a great choice, malty beer with chocolate notes, and a light bitter finish.  Fantastic!

I get around to looking into the menu and behold what do I see?  Chicago's master brewer...is a Filipino!  Graduate from UNLV no less!  That's it...go Filipino go!  Nice job Mr. Pascual on making some killer beer!  Makin' our Asian community strong, one person at a time.  Glad he got a page for him on the menu.  

On to the dinner menu, lots of variety!  Definitely bar food in the works for sure.  Appetizers looked appealing, garlic knots, onion rings, chicken tenders, brew wings, calamari, mussels, and clams.  So much to choose from.  If I had been there in time for happy hour we would have sampled some of these.  Menu has a diverse selection, salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, entrees, and pizzas both Chicago deep dish and thin crust.  They even have a section devoted to their popular sliders.

We thought about getting a specialty Chicago deep dish pizza at first but it was a bit pricy at $14 for a 9" (man did they look tiny sitting on the warming line) and $24 for a 14".  You can also build your own deep dish pizza if you like.  Maybe next time!

The lady and I both ended up getting sandwiches from their menu.  She got the Hot Pastrami Sandwich ($10) with thin pastrami, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and honey mustard on marble rye bread.  I got the Southside Cheesesteak ($10) with peppers, mushrooms, and onions on a French roll with their signature beer cheese sauce.  The lady had onion rings, and I had fries (asked for them to be well done).

The verdict?  Food was ah.  It was ok, but nothing to really write home about.  Nothing was really all that special.  Her pastrami sandwich was alright, but it wasn't exactly overflowing with meat, and the coleslaw was a bit bland.  The onion rings didn't seem super fresh, do I detect from a bag and not hand battered?  Oh goodness I hope not.  My cheesesteak was fine (I've had better), their signature beer cheese sauce had a hint of beer but mostly tasted like basic Cheez Whiz to me.  Does no one know how to toast the inside of bread before putting the meat on it?  That crunch makes a world of difference.  My fries on the other hand were very good.  Super crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside.  

An ok experience overall.  Hostess could have been better, but our server was A-OK.  I must go back just to sample more of their beers!  The food though, might need some improvement.  Plus a star though for their Filipino master brewer!
We went to Chicago Brewing Company last weekend at my wife's suggestion.

We started with a bowl of clam chowder. The presentation was nice and had a fresh clam shell on the side of the bowl. The taste was okay but had a little too much pepper and more vegetables than I care for in my clam chowder.

We both got one of their micro-brews to drink. I ordered the Weizenheimer which is their hefeweizen. My wife got the black widow stout. Both were decent though we both preferred the beer the other ordered so we swapped.

For our entree we split the wild game sliders combo plate. It consisted of six different sliders: alligator, antelope, bison, rabbit, jackelope (antelope and rabbit), and wild boar. I was really excited to try all the different types of game but was underwhelmed. 

The alligator tasted like seasoned salt and cumin and was a little heavy on the spices. The fried egg on top was a nice touch though.

The antelope was really dry and I had to choke it down. It had a licorice/anise taste to it.

The bison and jackelope sliders were also dry and not particularly memorable.

The rabbit had a very mild taste and wasn't as dry as some of the others.

The wild boar was my favorite. It was a little dry but the meat had a nice taste and wasn't masked by spices.

The sliders had animal toothpicks in them labeling what kind of meat they were which was a nice/cute touch.

The sliders were served with waffle-cut sweet potato fries. They were pretty good and not too sweet.

Not sure if I'll go back. If I do, I'm gonna try something else.
I like this place alot. Mainly has to do with the beer, but it has its other benefits.

Food is a good mix of pub / restaurant fare. Dining area is completely seperate from bar and lounge. I have brought my family with two young ones here quite a few times for dinner, as atmosphere provides enough distraction that my kids are not bothering others patrons.

Lounge area outside and upstairs are great and offer nice happy hour specials, even late. Would definitely recommend this place.
We have been to Chicago Brewing Company (CBC) a few times now and always have really enjoyed the fun atmosphere, the great hand crafted beer, and the food. CBC sits in the corner of the parking lot on the Ft Apache side off of Sahara. Very cool looking brick exterior which really reminds of you of a older restaurant from back east, possibly Chicago. 
When you walk in they have a few areas for you to choose from on where to sit and eat, and of course drink. Off to the immediate left when you first walk in is the enclosed bar and gaming area. They do serve food in here as well, and with all the TV's neatly tucked up under the bar we usually choose this area. Off to the right hand of side when you walk in is the main dining room which is pretty good size with all different sizes of tables to accommodate a couple or a large group. There is also a second story that is accessible through the bar area, but if I remember right its strictly drinking up, no food. 
Last time we were there was about 3 days ago. We went into the bar area like I said we normally do, and as usual it did not disappoint. We mad small talk with the bartender who is very friendly and even more knowledgeable about his beers. I always go for the Chicago style stuffed crust pizza. They offer many toppings of meat and vegetables. I kept it pretty plain on this night and ordered just pepperoni. I ordered the large which is a little pricey at over 25$, but the pizza is huge and very filling. I also ordered their soup of the day which was the Cajun chicken. My girlfriend ordered the steak sandwich which turned out to be the star of the night....more on that later. We then ordered a few of their hand crafted beers, I ordered the blond, and my gf the stout. Both were very good and not over powering, but not watered down either. 
Now onto the food. My soup came out first. It was a huge bowl of soup, with plenty of great tasting veggies and chicken. The broth was very satisfying and eventually I ate the entire bowl. Next came out my pizza, and my gf's steak sandwich. The pizza was great as usual, very thick, very meaty and the sauce is something that will keep you coming back for sure. True Chicago style pizza. Now the steak sandwich stole the show with a nice 7-8 oz what looked to be NY strip steak, a garlic aoli, lightly breaded onion rings and a very nice bib lettuce. All together this sandwich is top die for. At one point I found myself trying to steal more of the sandwich and left my pizza to the side. 
Overall we cannot get enough of CBC. We always take the extra time to figure out how we can get over there at least once a month, maybe more. True Chicago style pizza, but with a lot more. Check it out, I don't think you will be disappointed.
Me and my husband went one night, they had a great atmosphere. We had a choice to eat outside since it was so nice out. I myself tried their blueberry vanilla beer and I personally very much liked it.
Thanks to Ken M. who organized an UYE here tonight, I got to try their new wild game sliders.  They were added to the menu last fall.  The six sliders are made from the following game animals:  alligator, antelope, buffalo, jackalope (rabbit and antelope meat mixed together), rabbit and wild boar.  They come 3 for $16 (must be all one kind of meat) or a sampler platter of all 6 for $30.

Three of us shared the sampler and we each had a taste of all 6 meats.  My rating would be from best to least: Rabbit, wild boar, alligator, antelope, jackalope, and bison.  All had sauces to enhance the flavors of the meat.  For example, the wild boar had red currant jelly and sharp cheddar cheese while alligator had a remoulade sauce and a fried egg.  There was a toothpick to break the yolk and make the alligator meat really flavorful!  The platter also came with some waffle cut sweet potato fries which were really yam fries--not sweet potato.  This was a good choice, and I'm glad Tony and Clint shared the sampler with me.

Service was good, and I had a mug of their on site brewed root beer.  Another great UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) with a nice bunch of people at a good place.

Photo of the six sliders with the animal depictions on the toothpicks:

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XeDLyY2a7nZ3IEY4RYslXA?select=1iaD27IslbUgrrdPt1O2sg
Very nice place. Great atmosphere and great food. They have many great choices for beer and they are pretty good beers. If it is nice you can sit outside and it is very enjoyable. My wife and I loved it and would definitely go back.
Its been a few years since i last frequented Chicago Brewing.  I was really pleased with my recent visit!  Chicago was opened in 1999, and back then the craft beer and the menu would have been a real exotic in Vegas.  They have several slider hamburgers with odd meats like alligator, bison, kangaroo, and antelope.  These days, it might be just a novelty, but I loved it!  

I had alligator sliders with the house stout.  My coworkers tried the house IPA, the cheese steak, and one of the salads (the one with tuna on it).  My alligator sliders were awesome.  They each had an egg sunny side up, a tomato, lettuce and sauce.  The dish came with a side of sweet potato fries.  I've never had alligator before!  It tasted kind of like a cross between fish and beef.  The patty itself was lightly fried with some spices that really made the flavor quite nice.  

My friends both enjoyed their lunches as well.  The salad wasn't the best, but it wasn't an iceberg bomb either.  The beer was pretty good.  Back in 1999, this beer would have been top notch.  Today, the West Coast style of brewing is to make bigger beers.  None of the beers crafted at Chicago are above 6.5%.  Chicago has kind of fallen behind the times a little, but the beer is still awesomely fresh.  You can see the brewery through glass walls in the center of the establishment!

Overall, while not the best brewery in Vegas (ahem, Draft House), it is a real treat for craft beer drinkers.  The food is good too.   The restaurant is small enough to be cozy and intimate, so even non-beer drinkers should have a visit to check out the strange sliders or maybe a pizza!
Oh Chicago Brewing Company, why did you kill your happy hour? CBC easily had the best happy hour in town but that recently changed when they got rid of their late night happy hour and shifted their regular happy hours to 3:00pm to 6:00pm. Aside from the terrible hour shift the happy hour still does provide some delicious beer on the cheap. Six Dollar pitchers by itself would be a pretty good deal but the quality of the beer brewed at Chicago brewery puts this happy hour over the top. Their Old Town Brown being my favorite, they offer a variety of beer to match just about any taste.

On the food end of things, I can't say I'm too experienced. I've usually stuck with the run of the mill bar food. The chicken fingers are easily one of my favorite in town. They're very lightly battered, none of this extremely crispy business you get from other places. They're decently sized and the Brew-BQ flavor is delicious, and a major plus is that they are discounted during happy hour along with the drinks. I've also had an above average hamburger there, nothing spectacular but it's definitely satisfying.

Overall a great place to have some good bar food and good beer. My only complaint is that they need to bring back the late night happy hour and shift their current happy hour an hour back so that it ends at 7:00pm instead of 6:00pm. 6:00pm just seems too early for a happy hour but maybe I'm just spoiled because of the hours that the previous happy hour ran.
After driving by Chicago Brewing Company countless times, I finally decided to stop by for Ken M.'s UYE last week. In short, the company was great, as was the brown ale. I sampled the Oatmeal Raisin Cookie brew... meh... not my thing. I split the wild game sliders with Norm and Tony (6 for $30) and my favorites were the rabbit, wild boar and bison. Honestly, I can't even remember what the others (alligator, antelope, rabbit/antelope mix) tasted like. It was a week ago, afterall.  If you're a fan of sliders, check it out since they're some of the more unique ones you'll find in the area.
I came here with two of my Co workers for Ken M's UYE Pizza, Peppers, and Pints event. Unfortunately I didn't see anyone from Yelp so we sat in the bar area because my co workers didn't want to sit around children. 

I really wanted to order some of their Sleeners but my co workers and I are participating in a weight loss challenge. That means we shared two salads. We ordered the Greek Salad and the Buffalo Mozzarella Salad. I mostly ate the Buffalo salad. It had mixed greens, Roma Tomatoes, sliced Buffalo Mozzarella, and we had the Balsamic dressing on the side. The croutons were two small slices of  toasted French bread. Everyone was being good and didn't really want to eat them except for me. I mainly had veggies all day and needed some substance! The two salads can easily be shared between three people with enough to take home. It also makes you full fast!
Went here about a month ago, very enjoyable meal.  We shared the Chicago deep dish pizza (excellent) and the garlic knots.  My wife and daughter split the ziti dish and I had a buffalo chicken wrap.  All of the food was very tasty and fresh.  My wife, who is from Chicago, also greatly enjoyed her meal.  The portions are enormous, especially the deep dish pizza.  We had plenty of pizza, garlic knots and ziti to bring home and enjoy for a couple of days after.  The buffalo chicken wrap was also very good and had just enough "zing" to satisfy my spicy food cravings.
      As we had a child with us, we did not check out the bar area, only the restaurant, which is physically seperated into two different rooms to accomodate both families and bar customers.  Overall, I found the Chicago Brewing Company to be a very good find, and would definately recommend giving it a try if you haven't been there already....
I've been coming here for the past 3 years since I moved to Vegas.  Usually for the good beer and their happy hour.  I never really got into their specialties of the ghost pepper sauce (because I like the inside of my mouth fire and burn free) or their wild game sliders (not that I mind the wild game meat, more so the cheese and sauces they coat each particular slider in).  

I'm not really happy with a few of the changes they've made recently thou... 

First off they changed the timing of their happy hour.  It's now 4-7, whereas it was 3-6 and 10-midnight in the past.  I'm still not sure why they got rid of the nighttime happy hour, that always seemed to be the most popular one.  Still thou, all their beers and a handful of their appetizers are included in the deal.  Also, in order to be able to utilize their happy hour, you HAVE to sit in one of their smoking areas, their smoke-free lounge area is not included.  That's annoying!  Having to sit around 20 burning cigarettes in order to be included in a restaurants daily special.

The second change I'm really not liking, due to an indoor smoking law that was explained to us by our waiter that the restaurant is now abiding by, they can't physically bring us our food in the happy hour approved bar area.  Instead they bring our food to a table in the hallway, then we have to go and get the food ourselves.  It's just a weird and annoying feature of eating out.  

Also after having lived in Chicago, the deep dish pizza here doesn't rank up to the real deal at all.  Also the sliders here are only decent.  I'd honestly much rather hit up Slidin' Thru since their selections and taste are better, not to mention priced lower.
I just love this place.  The bartenders are a lot of fun and their summer seasonal beer rocks.  The spicy chicken tenders are a must and the all menu is very affordable.
We recently went for dinner with a medium-large party (10) and were seated quickly.  The service was spotty, but the food was good.

I had the Chicago style pizza which I really enjoyed.  We also got the garlic knots, which is a very economical appetizer - 8 knots for $5 (?) - those were pretty good.

My son had the chicken strips and they were amazing - lightly beer battered.  

I actually ate too much to fit in dessert, but it sounded amazing - one of those cookie-brownie "pizza' things" with ice cream.
The happy hour is now 4-7 again but still no late night happy hour and you no longer have to leave the bar area to get your food. They deliver it right to your table as before. It is annoying that the happy hour is only offered in the smoking venues. I would love to drink my $6 pitcher and eat my $6 pizza without having to go home and shower and wash my clothes afterwards. Other than the smoking complaint, this place is great. Maxx is a great server and takes good care of my party at least once a week. 

All of the food I have tried at CBC has been above average. This place has been a staple for my friends and I for the past two years and we will continue to frequent this place even though they discontinued our favorite 10pm happy hour. The seasonal beer right now is awesome! I hate it that the springfest is no longer available but the brew they replaced it with is a 9% ABV Belgium beer. It's not sold in pitchers but during happy hour it's available in a 16oz goblet for $3. Well worth it.
It's getting downgraded and fast - 2 stars.

Listen people, we understand that times are tough - their tough on us too. But if you're going to cut back on your happy-hour offerings, don't use the lame excuse that it because there were too many drunks making trouble.

No more $10 yard beer specials and who knows what else was lost in this recent management decision.

If you cant manage your restaurant and its patrons, just close down and make room for someone who can.
Things that have brought me great disappointment:

1. The Minnesota Vikings 
2. The discovery there is no Santa Claus
3. The quality of the beer at Chicago Brewing Company

Las Vegas lacks a brew pub with great beer, great food, and fun atmosphere. (Big Dogs comes close, but not quite.)  Chicago Brewing Company offers okay food coupled with mediocre beer.  The cavernous (and usually empty) dining room gives off a forlorn vibe.  Combine this with the quality of the beer and you have the epitome of depression right on Sahara Avenue.

What can Chicago Brewing Company do to save itself?

1. Start brewing truly original (and tasty) beer.  They are a prime example of how microbrew doesn't always mean good.  For example:  A porter should have a hint of roasted coffee aroma, not taste like someone's excrement after a trip to Starbuck's.
2. Expand upon the more creative options on the food menu.
3. Rearrange the dining area to make it more intimate and less "cavern of doom."

Until then, I will wait for someone to open a great brew pub in Vegas.  However, I won't hold my breath.
We decided on this place since some of us wanted dinner while the rest just wanted a drink.  As a group of 7, we were seating right away as the place was pretty empty.  The waitress came by right away to take drink orders.  They had a blueberry vanilla ale on the menu, but when we ordered it, the waitress said they didn't have it, and then recommended some sort other beer with mango.  I ordered that just because it sounded interesting, and it was pleasantly surprising.  However, I do not recommend drinking this if you are going to be eating a full dinner.  The beer was full bodied and filling.  We also ordered a brewtus which was a 50 ounce glass filled with a beer of your choice for $15.  (You get to keep the glass.)  We chose the All Nighter which we all shared and enjoyed.  I think the best part about the brewtus was that refills were only $5!  Food-wise, everyone seemed satisfied with their food.  The artichoke dip and alfredo pizza were the two things that I found to be really good.  The service was really good here.  By the time we ordered, the place got busy but the waitress still made it a point to come by every few minutes to check on us.  I'd like to come back for their happy hour.  I glanced over their menu and they had some pretty good deals going on for their beer, well-drinks, wine, and munchies.
First time I came here was with an old friend.  We sat upstairs at the bar and enjoyed each others company along with 50 others that were nothing but friendly.  The bartender was a sweetie and so was everyone else.  Drinks were average, but at least they listen to you when you say "No Ice."  I enjoyed my evening as we wondered downstairs since they close the upstairs. 

Everyone was wonderful and our bill was only half of what we expected.   It made my night wonderful and I'll never forget it.  Thank you guys for making that evening wonderful!
We came on the recommendation of Desert Companion's best-of eating issue, so I was expecting the good stuff.  What I got was a pizza and a tall Stout, which both turned out to be mediocre.  

What I should have gotten, apparently, was their burger fare.  Between the game sliders (with sweet potato fries, yum!) and the HUGE barbeque burger, I felt like I'd made a mistake with my tiny, thin-crust mini-pizza.  The stout seemed weak-tasting, but I'm the kind of person who likes a dark beer that can hold a spoon in it.  The hef my friend ordered seemed like a far better, tastier option for Vegas' summer. 

The loft area would be great if there were a couple tables instead of being purely for two people to eat / groups to drink in.
The happy hour is great for beers, but food choices are limited. For $2.00, you will get the 16oz glass and for an extra .50 you can upgrade to the 22oz. The two beers I was struggling between were the Seasonal Daisy Triple and the Fruit Seasonal Mango Hef. Jeff, our server, was helpful in helping me choose between the two. I was looking for a lighter beer and he steered me toward the first option and offered me a sample to make sure I enjoyed it before I committed. The beer was a nice balance to the snack that we ended up getting.

With four choices of food on the happy hour menu, we decided to get something to tide us over and wait until later to get real food. We decided on the chicken tenders ($6) tossed in the Brew-BQ sauce with a side of ghost sauce. I had experience the insane heat of ghost sauce before and was willing to press my luck again. My lips were on fire and I was in sweet agony. I am truly a sadist when it comes to hot and sour foods. If pain is not something you strive for while eating, don't get this sauce. Jeff was kind enough to keep watch on our waters. I drink a lot while eating and it was only intensified ten folds. The tenders came in an order of five large, juicy strips, dosed in the BBQ sauce.
I had been coming here since this place opened its doors....but do not come here anymore.

The quality of the beer has become a damn joke and management has completely lost it.

It is really sad to see one of the breweries we had here in Vegas that used to be so great....fall to be so low. And please understand...used to be great..REALLY GREAT and I used to be here 3-4 times a week.

I had waited to do this review.....but it seems to just get worse. It's really sad
I don't want to stray from my burger reviews with so many places in town yet to try, but I feel compelled to talk about an interesting meal I had last week.  My girlfriend and I wanted to try something different for dinner, and I quickly remembered hearing about the wild game sliders that they serve over at the Chicago Brewing Company. One thing I like almost as much as burgers is trying weird and new foods, this promised to do just that.

While I suppose I should come back to try their burger at some point, this establishment is more on the 'typical' pub food side, and isn't necessarily on the top of my list for burgers to review. Still, the wild game aspect was intriguing enough to drag me in. The interior of the restaurant as well as the bar side are nothing fancy, pretty standard faire for a local restaurant. We went there on a random week night around 6pm, and quickly decided that based on the large amount of families and screaming kids the bar side would be better for our needs. Even though there are high top tables away from the bar itself, you can still anticipate a smoky atmosphere with mediocre service. We waited a bit too long to get our menus and first drinks, but after that it wasn't too bad.

There are six wild game sliders on the CBC's menu, each paired with what the chef believes to be the perfect complement to that meat's flavoring. You have the option of trying 3 of one style, or all 6 for a little less than twice the price. Based on a slider meal we had a couple days earlier, we knew that 6 sliders between the two of us would be more than enough and would allow us to divulge in all flavors.

Here's the rundown:

Alligator: from what I'm told alligator meat has very little flavor, so it is always seasoned to give whatever dish it is served as more character. Having a connotation with the cuisine of the south, this one is quite over seasoned with Cajun flavors. Don't get me wrong, they're good, but you really don't get an idea of what alligator tastes like based on this. The soft egg, Remoulade, and other toppings paired well with this.

Antelope: almost too gamey for my liking, but quite good. The meat was pretty much what I anticipated it to taste like. Again the jalapeno jelly and toppings all paired quite well with it. The meat might have been a tiny bit dry, but I'm not sure how much of that is a natural trait of antelope meat as opposed to it being a slider which is always inherently dry.

Bison: I'm always a big fan of bison meat, and this didn't disappoint. I buy bison steaks quite often at Whole Foods, and have also been known to make a great bison burger with some of the ground bison meat from Smith's. Unfortunately we're not treated with different toppings for the remainder of the meats I will mention, but as I've stated already they paired well so why mess with a good thing.

Jackelope: possibly one of my favorites of the bunch. Wasn't sure what to expect with this one, but it turned out to be a great mix of two different meats, a little sweet with just the right amount of gamey. This one definitely stood out for me.

Rabbit: could have been my least favorite of the group. It seemed very gamey, stiff and dry, which I've heard should not be the case with rabbit meat. The dryness I could tack on to the slider size always being impossible to cook (see my review of Slidin' Thru coming soon), but I can't explain the gamey taste. Neither of us were really a fan, I think it was the only one that had a bite or so leftover.

Wild boar: a favorite of both of us. Picture a sausage patty, but the tastiest, purest form of that. I may not have gotten my full half of this one because someone else also really liked it, but what I had I enjoyed quite a bit.

Overall this meal was a lot of fun, the little signs on each patty are a great touch, and it's an easy way for the commoner to try something 'exotic' while still sticking with a familiar form. If you're feeling a little adventurous and want to try something different, definitely give them a visit. Their beer isn't so bad either.
Not all that. I won a free lunch for two from a local radio station and I'm glad I didn't have to pay the bill. The atmosphere is ok. Service was ok, not great. The menu didn't have much of a selection and the prices were a little high for the quality of food. I wouldn't really go there again unless I won another free luch.
We went here on a high recommendation from a friend who brought us. I got the beer sampler and absolutely loved the red, brown and IPA. The seasonal beers were too fruity for my taste. The food: sliders, seafood and wraps were surprisingly good for bar food. I really liked the atmosphere and our waitress was great. Finished with some great Bacardi and Cokes. I would like to revisit this place when I return to Vegas. A lot better of a deal than the Strip.
YUCK, YUCK, and MORE YUCK, or is it YUM, YUM, YUM?

If you are a smoker, especially an excessive one...you just may like this place.  A little mini-casino, but mainly a bar with food.  Horrible ventilation, so you walk into a complete and utterly thick and smelly fog.

For the rest of us, the non-smokers -- no way no how.
Holy moly. I think I just ate an entire cow. And then some.

First off, heads up: If you're looking for a beer review, go check out Elite Emily's review. I'm not a huge beer drinker and can't really tell the difference between a stout or an IPA, I can't tell which one had more hops and which one had more malt. I'm even worse at beer than wine (and I'm pretty bad at wine), so if you're looking for that, sorry.

But if you're looking for a food review, I just had the Chicago Chili Burger. This thing should have its own ZIP code. It's huge. They serve a huge patty open-faced -- not even trying to hide it, like, "Oooh, we put a tiny bun on top so it looks bigger..." No, it was like, "MAN UP, SPARKY, THIS AIN'T OUR FIRST TIME AT THE RO-DEE-O." Then, on top of this delicious hunk of meat (the burger, not me) they pour on some sloppy, messy chili and green onions on top of it.

This is no sissy burger. This is not one of them chain restaurants "Oh look we dropped a bit of chili on this burger" burger. This is a burger that looks your daddy straight in the eye then makes out with your momma then slaps your sister upside the head while walking out your front door and fist-bumping with some very bad dudes.

Grab your fork. This burger ain't here to f**k around.

It was a test, but it was also really good. The meat was juicy and tender, and the chili was really tasty. It was a sweeter chili, since of course it was Chicago-style, so I wish it had a little more spice to it, but that would be my only complaint. Otherwise, A+, gold star, attaboy.

BUT WAIT! There's more!

One look at their dessert menu will give anyone a foodierection. I was looking at something called "Blondie & Clyde" which is like a mash-up of a brownie plus a butterscotch bar, but on the bottom of the page were their deep-fried treats. Elite Emily and I share a weird love/hate relationship with deep-fried anything, and she spotted the deep-fried carmel apple (which was either a caramel apple or an apple from Carmel, CA). Hector went with the deep-fried honey bun, and I couldn't be the odd man out, so I indulged in the deep-fried Ho-Ho.

I loved mine... the deep-fried Ho-Ho reminded me of a chocolate chip donut bar, and the deep-fried honey bun was like a bear claw. But I was most impressed by the deep-fried carmel apple. As you bit into it, you heard a "crunch." This is because somehow, after the apple is deep-fried, somehow it still comes out crisp and tart! It's really great, you have to try it to believe it.

Great place, I highly recommend it, under one condition: don't go see a movie right after it, because it's bound to lead to food coma.
So yah, here I go with yet another Groupon-related review!

I have wanted to check out this location for a while. Honestly, if I'm in the area I'm usually too tempted by some of the other restaurants to check this place out, but I'm glad I finally took the plunge.

I came with my two fellas for some burgers and beer. I ordered the Bar Brew-Q Burger, as did my main fella and my friend Ryan B ordered the Chili Burger. I was very happy with my food. Huge, I'll definitely be doing some sharing next time I'm there. The burger was moist, flavorful and cooked perfectly. Great price for the quantity and quality. 

To top that glutton fest off, we couldn't resist some delectably indulgent deep-fried treats. We ordered the deep-fried ho ho, honey bun and caramel apple (I refuse to type carmel, lol). They were interesting options and I was quite happy with the choices. I liked the honey bun and apple the best, but I definitely would suggest sharing at this place. 

The beers are great too. Tasty and they go well with the pub grub. We'll definitely be checking this place out more regularly.
Okay, I went here first on a Groupon so this may be a somewhat biased review. I went here again with a few friends after seeing a movie at Red Rock for full price. All I can say is wow, this is a pretty darn good microbrew. Now the beers are pretty good, but nothing to exceptional. The thing I was impressed with far more was the food. My groupon came with a burger, and all I can say was holy cow, the thing was both ridiculous and awesome. Was huge (about 7 or so inches in diameter, 3/4" thick patty IIRC) , had barbecue sauce and onion rings on top. Was pretty darn good. 

Now I would agree with my friend David S.'s review, between that and their normal bar food if I were a nearby resident I would have a hard time visiting on a frequent basis because the food is all just too much. But for living on the other side of town, you can hardly ask for more!
Las Vegas Brewery Stop #3

They have a restaurant and a bar area with the brewery in the middle, which you can see through glass windows. Open 24 hrs. We tried there:

All Nighter Light Ale
Ramblin' Reck Amber Ale
Old Town Brown
Hardway IPA
Weizenheimer
Black Widow Stout
Seasonal: Raspberry Wheat
Seasonal: Belgian Double
Seasonal: Honey Ale?

All the beers were light...flavorful, but not too exciting. The most exciting thing was that they have a variety of sliders with different meats....alligator, antelope, bison, jackelope, rabbit, wild boar. You can order a sampler for $30. I wish we could have tried them, but we were short on time.  Next time.
I'm going to upgrade my rating for Chicago Brewing Company to 4 stars based on the last 2 times I went there prior to moving away. The food which I originally thought was just OK seemed to have gotten better and more interesting. The last time I was there, my friend and I shared a sampler of their wild game sliders. I believe we got the alligator, jackalope and wild boar. And, as always, they have a nice, rotating selections of their own locally brewed beer.
Been here a few times - always enjoyed myself. 

Went most recently with my husband and toddler to have lunch. It was a Monday a few months ago, the place was pretty empty as it was a little after what would have probably been the lunch rush time and it was on a weekday.  But that didn't stop the server from making it a wonderful visit. I wish I could remember her name to give her props, but needless to say, we were happily impressed with her service along with the food.

Server was knowledgeable about majority of the items. There was a question I had she wasn't sure about, but she answered honestly that she wasn't, went to the kitchen to find the correct answer and returned promptly. I'd rather have a server treat me with honesty than lie to hide the fact that they didn't know the right answer. Also proved that she had good relation with the BOH team and encouraged our guest perception that the whole establishment was working well together.

The beer was as it should be - cold, delicious and served in clean glassware (seems simple, right? but we all know that's not the case).

Food was perfectly done and served hot and fresh.

My toddler was - as always - a little pain, but our server coddled him flirting with her and paid extra attention. As a veterans of the food service industry, my husband and I were impressed at the attention given to us and the overall quality of the entire visit.

Highly recommend to families and to anyone who wants a great dining experience.

Thanks, Chicago!
Great place to visit and have drinks and finger food with friends. The beer is pretty good and the food is tasty (try their wings--they are very good). I would have given it 4 stars but the service was not the best...table was a little sticky, first pizza was unusually sweet (they apparently put brown sugar on their caramelized onions) and the waitress forgot about us a couple of times. Overall, not a bad place to visit.
the beer may be good but the food and the service was terrible i wouldn't reccommend this place to my worst enemy
We have been to this restaurant several times and like it enough to bring family to it. The menu is pretty big and offers something for everyone, but in my experience I will say that the Deep dish baked ziti is AWESOME! The ziti comes out and the outside is like a deep dish pizza. Inside you have a well spiced ziti that we also included itailan sausage, onions, and mushrooms. There is more than enough for 2, and this is what my wife and I usually share when we dine here. Now like the name states this is a working brewing company and they have about 10 of their own beers. I always get the Black Star or Black Spider (can't remember the name) stout. I think it has a great creamy roasted flavor. Only complaint would be that it never comes to the table very cold. I really think they could step up their beers and their beer service if they would serve it ICE COLD in a frosted mug.
A glance from outside reminded me of a speakeasy from the 1920s area in Chicago.  Not that I'm that old, but it looks like something from Boardwalk Empire.  
As I entered, the front waiting area was filled with a pungent aroma of cigar smoke mixed with hookah tobacco.  I immediately noticed the size of brewing vats, bigger than hip -hop, to the right as we were led to our table.  The smell of smoke dissipated as we neared our table until it was only the smell of pizza fresh from the oven.  

The waiter was pretty awesome, no complaints about the staff at all.   We ordered a 2 pitchers of the sweet nectar known as beer.  The Weizenheimer came in a pitcher that looked like sweet golden honey, but upon tasting it we realized something had gone horribly wrong with the beer.  The beer tasted like Juicy Fruit Bubblegum, bleeehhh!  We set this one aside and poured out attention into the Ramblin' Reck Amber Ale.  Mmmm, the amber ale was a tasty brew!  

I ordered a BBQ burger which was surprisingly dry and the BBQ sauce burned my lips like hot lava from Mt. Vesuvius!   I waited for it to cool down slightly while focusing on my fries which weren't bad and went deliciously with the fine ketchup they had available.  

I would visit this place again, but I would definitely avoid the wheat beer like the plague.  How this beer won awards in 2004 boggles my mind like an enigma wrapped in duct tape so much that you can't even tell what it is anymore.  3 stars for gross beer and dry burgers.
I have only had the bar menu, but I like the Chicken Fingers.  The chicken fingers tossed in ghost sauce are terribly spicy and are not worth ordering, but definitely get a side of  ghost sauce for dipping.
Do groupons work, here is proof. They are all the way accross town for us but worth the drive. I had the patty melt which comes on rye. Cooked to order, juicy and tasty. The had a board full of beers (i didnt think to ask about a sampler.) Had a Weizenheimer with lemon. Very good. Would also reccomend the homemade potato chips, the pizza and the handcraft root beer. Service very good. Found out they have great happy hour specials. $2.5 for a 22oz, $11 for a pizza, $6 for a pitcher, yeah...i'm there.
We came to try this place again, we'd been here a few years ago and brought guests, I don't remember what we ate, it wasn't that impressive, so my husband and I thought we'd try it again.

I was trying to stick with a fairly health meal and I ended up ordering the soldier's cobb salad.  It has chopped tomatoes, egg, smoked bacon, and crumbled blue cheese tossed over mixed greens.  It was a decent size and very fresh.  My husband got the ribs and chicken.  I was able to try a few of the ribs and they were very good.  

Our service was good, the food was decent, since they brew their own beers, it will be something we come back for to try another day.
Fun place with good drinks and food.  Perfect for a group of friends to hit on the weekend and try some unique items.  We ordered the wild game sliders which included Alligator, Antelope, Bison, Jackelope, Rabbit & Wild Boar!  Now of course some were better than others but just to say you had them is a conversation starter.  Also they have a ghost pepper sauce that is not on the menu but if you like it spicy ask for a side of it.  They also have deep fried desserts if you're brave enough.
Upstairs bar is way better.  Great bar staff.  Quick service.  Cheap beer and wine.
I come often because it's a block away. If i have to walk, i will. Their house beer offerings have never really impressed me, but the food is really good. The king salmon dinner, the caprese salad, all amazing. 
Just recently I tried the blackberry wheat and Hopocalypse which were both incredible to me. The rest of the beer has been just ok. I know i'll be back again,lol

PS: no more late night happy hour :(
My boyfriend and I tried this place out a few days ago and weren't impressed with the food. He didn't really like their American Amber? I don't drink beer, but I think that's what he called it. He liked their hefeweizen, though.

For an appetizer, we got the steakhouse fries. The menu said it was topped with beer cheese and I'm not a huge fan of beer, but we tried it anyway. I didn't like it much, but it was all right. I probably wouldn't order them again, but if my boyfriend wanted to, I'd munch on the fries on the bottom that didn't have much (or any) cheese on them, which is what I did that day.

We both tried the country fried filet mignon. I didn't really like the mashed potatoes -- they were sour for some reason. I've had mashed potatoes like that and I'm not sure what it is in them that makes it taste that way, but I don't like it much. The meat was kinda tough and dry; the fried batter just fell right off. I just felt like I was eating a kind of dry steak and some chips.

As for service, the staff was nice. However, we got the wrong drinks three times. We had a guy that was in training as our server, but I don't blame him for this. The first time, my boyfriend ordered I think a 16oz beer, but the bartender poured him a 20z, which he said was fine. Then a waitress refilled my raspberry iced tea with unsweetened iced tea. I let our server know what happened and he got me a refill of the right drink. Lastly, my boyfriend was trying to ask our server for the hefeweizen before he walked away; however, he had already swiftly walked out of earshot. The busser was handing us our plates of food and heard my boyfriend, so he said he'd send the server back our way. The server was nice enough to return with a beer, but it was a refill of the same beer. I'm guessing the busser just told him my boyfriend wanted another beer, but didn't specify which or did not indicate that the server should come and ask. He also could've, but the server didn't bother to. Can't really know for sure, so I can't say who's responsible.

The place didn't seem that busy as there were empty tables, so I don't think that was the problem. I think they need to work on communicating or fulfilling orders a bit more. Overall, it was decent. We're not sure if we're going to come back, but if so, it won't be because we enjoyed the food. I'm willing to give them another chance, though.
The look of the building made me feel right at home. We have these types of buildings in the midwest so I was looking forward to the visit.  When we walked in we were advised by the hostess that the upstairs would be a fun place to sit, so we went up there. 

Upstairs There are three small  seating areas, but only small group was there. The  first thoughts I had were that the rug looked like it had seen better days and that table bussing was apparently not a priority. The little bar was crowded with happy people and the bartender was great- wonderful smile, nice personality. 

I didn't find the leather club chairs to be especially comfortable and would have preferred a real table, but overall, it wasn't a bad experience. There were two nice flatscreen TVs showing basketball, which the bar group enjoyed loudly. I loved how the natural light looked, streaming in through the windows and hitting the brick walls. Ah, Ohio...

The food? Meh.  When you serve cheese sauce with beer in it, the beer does not make up for using VELVEETA. Ok? REAL cheese, please. The chips weren't that good either. I was so disappointed. I tried the garlic pretzels and they were good, but more like soft, kosher-salted rolls. My friend's steamed clams did not taste fresh to her, but she thought they were ok.  

I don't know that I would come back here. I don't have anything awful to say about it, but I was underwhelmed during this visit.
Beer was good ....  that's about it.   
We went during happy hour , to try out their own beer brews and have a little food.  My wife and i were looking for new and were HOPING this place would be good.   We were unhappy. 

We got the chips and salsa , it came with some sort of cheese sauce.  Kinda tasted like that stuff you get in a glass jar ( tostitos ? ) from the grocery store. 

I ordered a steak sandwich with onion rings.  I think i got 5 onion rings ... not worth the upcharge , the steak sandwich was good however , it was literally a whole steak thrown on a peice of bread .....  Anytime i have ever had a steak sandwhich before .. they usually slice it at least.   

My wife ordered a ruben ... the waitress brought out my sandwhich and basically told us my wife would have to wait for hers since another waitress took her food on accident . ...  dont they put tickets next to the food for this exact reason ?  It took nearly another 15 minutes. By the time she got her food , mine was almost cold as i didnt want to eat and make my wife sit there while i was eating. 

We did get an apology out of the waitress , but thats it.   I dont think i expect free food or discounts for everything , but there are certain things that you would want to take care of your customers with , and this was it. 

Im sorry but first impression like this is hard to break .. will not be back.
Been here a few times with friends. The service is fine, a decent happy hour, good brews and tasty food. Been to a couple other brew pubs in town and Chicago leads the pack. I will be going back..
The BF and I sat on the patio to enjoy some beer. It was during their happy hour so we ordered off of the specials of select appetizers. Beers are $2 off, $1 off wells, half off the house wine. 

Their patio is pretty nice and in the afternoon part of it sits in the shadow of the building so it isn't too bad. There are TVs out there if you want to catch a game.

Order of teriyaki chicken tenders - these were crispy but the teriyaki was too salty for me since it was tossed with it. Probably would order them plain and just put a little. 

Mini cheese pizza - this was pretty alright flatbread type. I wouldn't really order those again. 

We also got some waffle sweet potato fries which were crispy and really good. 

Washed it down with their Black Star Stout which was really nice, nitro nice dark malt and dark chocolate notes.

Service was decent, but standard. 

I definitely love their beer and some of their food, but this visit was just A-OK.
Based on the beer alone, I'd give Chicago Brewing Company 5 stars.

The selection of beers is great and the prices during happy hour are awesome! Definitely try out their beer tasting sampler if you're curious about the selection of beers they have.

The atmosphere is really nice and fun to hang out in. I dig the brick walls and views of the brewery. The servers are friendly and make sure that you're doing well regularly.

Although the food is a bit overpriced, the portions are huge and everything I've tried has been good. The chili fries are perfect to share among friends, although I wasn't stoked with the beer cheese sauce they make. The burgers and sandwiches have not disappointed, and I really enjoyed the homemade ranch chips.

For a couple beers this is place is perfect, the food is consistently good but not amazing. However, the quick service and chill vibe will bring me back.
The 5 stars are for the Brewery and upstairs lounge. 
I have only ever had a couple appetizers so I can't really rate the restaurant. 

The IPA, Hefeweizen and Old Town Brown are soooooo good. Happy hour prices are very reasonable. Worth the drive to westside of town. They also have a location on Fremont St.
Chicago rocks! Jason is the best bartender and makes you feel at home. The food is good and happy hour is awesome. Beer is cheap and brewed in house. Upstairs is the area that everyone young hangs out. I have met good friends at this place and go weekly.

Baked ziti is wow! Happy hour food is chicken fingers and pizza, both are really good.

They also have full restaurant, outside seeting and downstairs bar. I just stay upstairs tho
I love CBC.  Consistently good service, tasty beer, and yummy food.  Their IPA is my favorite.  There is plenty of booth seating for the restaurant downstairs, and a nice bar area upstairs (elevator available- we met an elderly gentleman who was unaware and had taken the stairs).  CBC used to have big game sliders- which was my favorite menu item, but I have been told they were removed from the menu. Still, plenty of delicious items to choose from.  I have not been disappointed.
Not bad. Their happy hour goes pretty late. I would recommend their large pan crust BBQ chicken pizza. Yum!
I'm giving them just three stars because their happy hour menu used to have way better deals. Otherwise though the beer and food are great.
This place has fantastic deals on food during Happy Hour and I love their Pot Roast and Full Rack of Ribs!
Place has been here forever. I never bothered to try it until tonight. Dinning room was closed had to eat in smoke filled bar....... But wow was the food good. Fresh and tasty.
Excellent deep dish pizza, craft beer, garlic knots, onion rings, and chicken.   Nice service, as well. One of my favorite places to invite friends and family to.
This is an awesome place to come and relax and have a couple of house microbrews. Had never eaten here before until last Thursday. The service was pretty good, attentive and fast. The food was pretty good as well. Had the veggie pizza and it was to die for. Typically don't take leftovers home, but did this time because the pizza was so good. 

Now I wont just look at this place as a great place to have a good beer on the weekend or after work. I will consider it for a good lunch or dinner spot as well. Kudos!
Great Place!! I felt at sweet home here thanks to the bartenders!  The Italian Beef was EXCELLENT!!   Add some Provolone and you're in heaven.  My BF got the BBQ Bacon Burger and also loved it. It was huge.  The beer was great too.
I spent a few hours here today and must say I was impressed. 

The food once ordered was top notch, delivered fast, was plentiful and was fresh and tasty.

I sat upstairs at the Bar with a few local/regular patrons and they were both inviting and great to talk to about current events and most importantly micro brews.

I love heff beers and theirs was pretty darn good. When I commented on the color and taste the bar tender I believe his name was Max was happy to share his extensive knowledge on the subject.

Its a pretty far drive from home but if Im in the area I will be happy to stop in and have a great brew, great food and great company.
This place was just okay. Service for happy hour was pretty nonexistent. Yes, I know I am ordering one beer and one appetizer but that's why it's happy hour--some people choose to get happier than others, and you still have to wait on me. $5.40 is ultra-cheap for a beer and an appie, but we were there for a couple hours and my friend (who was of the getting-happier variety) had to wave down the bartender who would pass us on his way to and from the other happier tables. Also, the loft is a cigar bar, which I didn't know going into it. I'm not that bothered by that type of smoke but some people might be.

I did have a blueberry beer which I did like a lot, but it would have led to a severe case of gutrot were I to have had more than one. My friend kept downing their IPA and believe me, her happy hour mission was accomplished.
Chicago Brewing company does beer well, has a great patio, a separate smoking bar for pipes and cigars, and is perfectly average for quality of bar food.  

The Beer:  Chicago brews a lot of great beers that keep the beer snobs coming back ...Coconut Porter, Hawaiian Honey, Blueberry Wheat... and a solid selection to keep novice beer drinkers happy as well. 

The Patio: My favorite thing about Chicago is the beer garden (patio) when the weather is nice.  Cool lighting, nice feel, great Happy Hour!

Two Bars:  Both bars are separated from the restaurant to allow for smoking, but the upstairs bar is cool, classy, and comfortable.

The Food:  Chicago has a huge list of food, with a lot of interesting options...but all-in-all the food is just average bar quality...maybe slightly better...but nothing to write home about.
Chicago Brewery Company (CBC) HAPPY HOURS:
- 5 stars for its beers and bardishes; 4 stars over all.

CBC is quite a nice place for happy hours (5-7, 10-midnight daily), though a bit too quiet during week days. They have a good selection of great draft beers (20-22oz for $2.50-$3.50!), 1/2 off wine, and tasty bar dishes for $3-6. 

There is a large bar counter in a medium size lounge area downstairs, as well as a bar in the loft upstairs (elevator available). The main lounge downstairs is nice, although a bit on the dark side. There is also a small open patio facing the street. The dining room is comfortable, spacious, bright with a high ceiling. 

- My friends and I went there for happy hours twice in Sept, both times on week days. We had dark beer(22 oz, $2.75), IPA ( 20oz., $3); chicken tenders ($6), garlic knots with salsa ($3), and bar pizza. all pretty tasty.  The service was excellent both times. 

In our 2 visits, the lounge and patio areas were quite empty around 6pm.  So, the atmosphere was a quiet one, unlike the exciting, jumping, somewhat noisy one in Kona Grill and Gordon Biersch. One of our friends took a look in the bar upstairs, and told us that the customers up there were more on the younger side.  
- Our friendly waiter told us that the happy hours during game days and weekends were busier and much more lively, and that its reverse HH (10-midnight) was popular for movie crowd. So, take YOUR pick.

CBC's great beers and tasty bar dishes, especially their attractive prices did make us very happy! CBC will probably become one of my favorite places for happy hours. Next time, we'll give their loft bar a try, and perhaps, even stay on to sample their dinner menu.

Peterskis, Sept 2012
Excellent beer. And the deep dish Chicago pizza is great., robust sauce and big. My wife had the Caesar salad wrap and she says it was quite good .
I will make this short and sweet. I posted pictures of the food. It is as good as it looks. The head cook came to our table and said hello. The place is very clean. You can see into the kitchen. I had pizza and salad. Its got TVs and beer! So you will love this spot if your a sports nut like my husband. It can be a romantic lil spot. Nice lil cuddle spots if you get a booth. Its a must return to for me and the husband. Its a lot of beer snobs at this location so if you want to sit around talking about how great the beer is others will join in and give their 2 cents :)
Specialty beer is definitely worth a try. Everything else is decent beer. Very good resemblance of Chicago style food like their pizza
PizzA was pretty good, happy hour is a pretty good
This is for the Irish nachos.. Gross!! Mixing cheese sauce with shredded cheese is disgusting!! Just use cheddar people! The beer selection was great and tasted really good. Next time we come back we will do without the nachos
Had a meeting over drinks ... My favorite kind LOL
While at the bar.. My girl decides to play Keno on the machine and hit it 6 times ! i couldnt believe it , she won $1000 ! Female bartender was great !!!
Cant beat 24hours.  I had sliders with caramelized onions and blue cheese... delicious. Their IPA isnt half bad either.
Chicago Brewing Co. -

- An UPDATE 

THREE THINGS..I NOTICED IN LAST SUNDAY's Happy Hour:
1. Its Happy Hour STARTS at 4pm, NOT at 5pm as I had mistakenly thought before.

2. Beware:  There is "NO Happy Hour SEATING at the Bar Counter downstairs"!

3. Its HH is POPPING during game time with excited screaming fans (me included)!

YES, its attractive offers are still ALL there, i.e.:
- 22oz draft for $2.50; wine, 3; well drinks, 4; delicious HH bar dishes ($3-6) ); 
- Its reverse HH still goes between 10-midnight (I've got to give it a try after movies sometime)!

YELPY DETAILS YOU CAN IGNORE:
- After a long walk in Pueblo Park yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, I wisely decided to hydrate myself properly, well, deliciously! So, I went to CBC for the 22oz draft and thin crust pepperoni pizza($6 plus $1 extra for pepperoni)...over exciting NFL games! 
 - And...What a healthy HYDRATING experience it was, indeed! 

Now, here's something STRANGE about "Seating at the BAR COUNTER", though: 

- When I got in CBC around 4:30, I first went upstairs to take a look at their small loft bar. The bar counter itself was completely full; the lounge area still had a few bar tables. However, other than the lone barkeep, I did not see any server upstairs (perhaps, not until after 5pm). 

- As I was alone this time, I wanted to sit at the bar counter, so I went back to the downstairs lounge.   Here I was surprised to find out that the Happy Hour seating is "restricted" to the lounge area! In other words, one cannot have HH at the downstairs bar counter itself! 
- I think the reason for CBC's doing this is that they want the gaming machines available to playing customers. Perhaps, CBC knows that most their HH customers are NOT INTERESTED in playing video poker machines?
- There's no such restriction in the loft bar lounge, however. 

- Well, luckily, I got a comfy bar table along the wall, with a great viewing angle for several tv's! The food and drinks were great! My server was pleasant and attentive. And the atmosphere was just right for the occasion! The lounge area was almost completely full by 6pm, full of screaming fans for the 49ers and later for the "home team" Bears [who lost, if you care to know, to the Texans!]

BTW: - Oh yes, there's an elevator, too, hidden around the corner of the bar. So, CBC is handicapped friendly.

Peterskis, Nov 2012
--
I love going to Chicago Brewing Company and have been a return customer there for more than 2 years now.  Although the parking lot looks crowded during peak sport seasons, if you're just popping in to eat in the dining room- it's not crowded at all!  (Everyone else goes upstairs to watch the game.)  I have not tried the adventurous side of their menu, but I can vouch for their philly, fries and chicken fingers.  Members of my family have ordered the spicy chicken sandwich with ghost pepper sauce, and they love it (at least, I'm assuming the tears rolling down their cheeks are tear of joy with each bite...)  Customer service is always on point here.  Oh and be sure to try their root beer!  Yum!
Decent-Good craft beer (big selection) but their menu is so-so for me. I always end up noshing on their food after a couple drinks, but the menu is kind of pricy to go there just to eat. Cool environment, can get pretty busy but is often really low key.
All I have to say is the blueberry vanilla wheat beer is AH-mazing! Haven't been able to find anything like it anywhere else.
Just like Ty Murray, I found this little "Jewel" on the Northwest side of Las Vegas, just East of Red Rock Casino. 

And started thinking when I walked in, "You were meant for me..." (yeah, lousy Jewel reference).

There's a dining room (remember, in Vegas you can still smoke in the bar areas), a bar and a secret loft cigar bar with a fireplace and an outside beer patio. Honestly, being a non-smoker, the air in the bar was fine.

This is an eatery that brews beer, and brew master David Pascual has won numerous awards (well, the beers have) . There's a great assortment, I tried the IPA and the creamy Black Star Stout. The IPA is on the lighter side, a tad hoppy, not too bitter and not over whelming. They offer short mugs, 22oz mugs, the 50oz Brewtus, Pitchers, Growlers and the Brewzooka's (oh my).

You're my boy Blue!
Well, maybe not.

I ordered the Black & Blue Sliders. A compact set of three each equipped with a black angus patty dusted with cajun spice, loaded with caramelized onions and a microcosm of blue cheese crumbles.

The caramelized onions were delicious, but extremely over powering. I looked, searched, opened and anticipated a burst of blue cheese, but sadly found just a smidgen, a dot, barely a hint of that penicillin-added mold culture we know as blue cheese.  

Just rename the thing the Caramelized Onion Slider, don't tease us with Cajun Spices or Blue Cheese...or better yet, offer a side of Blue Cheese- and for goodness sake, spell it BLEU Cheese.

Friendly service, the bar is loaded with video poker, so sitting at the rail is tough. The high back tables in the bar area are comfortable and it's not too loud, bright or over powering with smoke.
I went here to watch the Bears game and they are losing the game.  Had a bit of fun time last night dragged myself here. Alex, the waitress was like a cute little sister she sat down with me and helped me pick the menu. 

The hostess was very friendly and put me in a booth to watch the game. I ordered the Reuben. I must say all the staff seems genuinely friendly relaxed and it was refreshing in a NON smoking  environment in the dining room downstairs. The Reuben was stacked high & freshly sliced which came with cross cut sweet potato fries. Very good!

The only issue I would like to hear the game here but perhaps in the bar the  game audio is on.  The dining room had Christmas carols playing  in the background.
have been trying out some Brewery's around town.  My friend went to this one said I needed to try it out.  The beer we had was the Amber and their Stout.  They were both pretty good.  I had the Chicago Dog, in order to fulfill my chicago cravings.  It was a good dog, but nothing like what you get at Wrigley.
Upstairs is a smoking/cigar lounge.  Its a cool place to hang out, specially if you like cigars.  In terms of the service, it was to be expected.  The bartenders there were friendly and accommodating.  There isn't much more to ask for from an environment like this.  Either way, a pretty good place to grab a beer.
I come here for my Iceacholics fantasy football drafts but this year decided too add fantasy hockey too draft night at Chicago Brewing Co. One of teammates gets us the hook up if weather permits we get a reserve section out in the beer garden area (they only run that during the summer months) just did it inside since too cold. We were upstairs bar area. Part of the restaurant that most people don't know about but lot more spacious then the downstairs bar area. It carpeted upstairs, the lounge chairs lot more comfortable (downstairs more stand up bar stool/chair), and even have little arcade type area have golden tee and couple other games.  Watching any games have more then enough televisions upstairs or downstairs. They do also sell cigars if in the mood for stogie and cognac. The restaurant area not all that big but have ample amount of booths and tables too choose from. It interesting setup since you literally have three different area can hang out at! 

They do have great prices for HH. It been while since came here for HH. The beer here is delicious! Every time I keep coming love mixing up my brews from darker stouts too lighter ales. I know not many brewery in Vegas but feel Chicago Brewing Company Brew the best craft beers in Vegas. They mix it up from time too time and they do seasonal beers all the time.

The food I order the Italian Beef Sandwich. I believe it first time ordered this sandwich and why not ordered it sooner. Not that I had problem with any of there sliders (they have few too choose from) I love! Especially if put some Ghost sauce on the sliders or just about anything goes well. The KEY is NOT ON THE MENU.......So if want too get kicked by some SERIOUS heat just have ask the server for some Ghost sauce. We got some last night. Italian Beef Sandwich had so much flavor no need too kick it up. The pickled jalapenos, roasted bell peppers, onions, and something else all combine put on top of the sandwich. You have cup of au jus dip it in. So good!! The fries nothing special skinny cut fries. Even if nothing special refreshing basic fries come out hot and well seasoned. Sure this sandwich would order again and again.
I've been here many times. Primarily because it's the closest bar to where I live.

If you're a member of the younger crowd 21-35 you'll probably love this place. If you're looking for a quite place to get away and have a drink this is not the place.

Friday and Saturday nights, as well as many evenings, the place is so packed it's hard to find a spot at the bar.

You'll find a lot of kids yelling and screaming acting as if it's the first time they've ever had a drink.

As for there food I've tried most everything on the menu and every time it's been a disappointment.

The staff is usually very friendly and attentive.

So although I go here on a regular basis I wouldn't give it high marks. But like I said if you're younger and want to hang out with a louder crowd you'll probably enjoy this place.
This is a difficult review, because if it were a bar/brewery only, I would EASILY give them 4 stars. I think their beer is pretty solid, and the happy hours prices are excellent. There are a few things that irked me, but we'll get to them. 

I was here with a pretty large party, so I suppose you should take that into account. Service wasn't exceptional, and maybe serving a large party affects that somewhat. The manager of the restaurant was extremely polite and accomodating, and I appreciate that. I don't regret celebrating here at all-- I'm glad I chose this place. I probably could have done just as well picking a big ol' corporate BJ's brewery or a Yardhouse, but as always, I give preference to smaller businesses and experience their unique spin on food. 

I tried their standard pale, which was very smooth but perhaps a bit uninspiring. Perhaps it could have been a bit more floral but it was very easy to drink and that is a plus. Their amber is sweet and comforting. Better than a bottle of Fat Tire no doubt. I also tried their brown ale. Slightly less malty than a New Castle, but again, fairly easy to drink. Trying these beers was fun and I would like to try more of them. The coconut porter looks especially tempting, so I'll have to save that for next time.

My food experience wasn't phenomenal, but it was decent enough I suppose. I ordered the italian beef sandwich, because my understanding is that its' an authentic Chicago food item. The meat was perhaps a tad more well done than I would have liked, and salty, but the Au Jois was adequate. The macaroni salad was pretty standard. The chicago pizza that others ordered looked pretty agreeable, and the Reuben looked delicious-- I think I will choose it next time. 

I think it's a bit silly that happy hour is not allowed in the dining area. Several from my party walked over to the bar and brought back beers at a much better price than the rest of us who had to order at full price. I don't quite see the purpose of this policy, but hey it's not my business. 
For my birthday, a complementary chocolate pizookie was served.  I am partial to chocolate but it was honestly pretty damn good, and I do appreciate gestures such as this. 

So how does this place stack up to a BJ's or Yardhouse? Probably about even. I'd give them a 3.5, rounded up to 4 because of that personal touch, and the novelty of brewing their own beers. I WOULD certainly recommend this place for an event , just manage your expectations I suppose. It was a cool looking, fun environment to celebrate in and I thank them for helping me have a fun night.
Decent pizza at a fair price. Sat outside on the patio on a lovely day and enjoyed my lunch
This is the first time I have been here in years.  The previous time the beer was average at best.  I was very surprise on how nice the brews have come along.  I only had the Red and the IPA.  But both were ver good.  I was disappointed that I could only get the IPA in a pint and not the 22 oz.  The food was above average bar food.  the bartender was kind of stand offish but nice when she came around (sidenote...she is/was pregnent so I have to assume it would be hard to be in the  work mood)
Place had a really good IPA. I went with a local that has lived here for 30 years. He was right about this place it is really good. The beer was good as well as the pizza and appetizers. Would go there again.  I could recommend it.
Food was pretty good but service was lacking. We sat outside and enjoyed the day. Would return if I was in the area but definitely not seeking it out...
I've been here twice. The first time, we sat up in the loft area.  There was a pungent overpowering smoke odor and I just felt like I wanted to shower as soon as I got home to get the smell out of my hair.  We sat at a table and one of us had to get up each time and order pitchers at a time since it took awhile to get drinks.

The second time, I sat with a few friends at the tables on the first floor by the fireplace.  The service was extremely slow and I realized after awhile it was because the main bartender was also running around grabbing table orders too.  I'm not sure if that's usually how it is, but that definitely caused a delay in service.  Again, we'd preemptively order a couple drinks at once to hold us over until he came back around.

Don't ask why, but I ordered the ahi tuna salad. At a bar. Hmm.  It was actually pretty okay though.  Too much salad to tuna ratio, but it was okay.  I wouldn't order it again though.  The general agreement from my other friends about the food was that it was okay.

If I was rating just beer, I would give this place 4 stars.  They have a house blueberry vanilla kinda beer that is really yummy.  Their house beers are good and I'd go back for that alone.  I really like their house blonde, it's light and tasteful.  But the service is just terrible and the food is just okay. And they don't have that famous big glass drink thing they used to that I've heard people talk about (sorry for the ambiguity since I've never actually seen it).
They are right across my house, they have nice beer, and  good prices. So definitely in my favorite beer place.

I used to be a Gordon Biersh fan, but after I discovered this place, it's my go to place for beer.
If you enjoy drinking a nice beer as much as I do, then you have to come to Chicago. They brewed their own beer so you will always find something different. If you like girly/ sweet beers, then you must to try the strawberry wheat. Although this is a seasoning beer, they always have something fruity in their menu.  However, if you are embarrassed to drink a fruity beer then the hefeweisen is always a good option. The best part about Chicago is not their beer selection, but their PRICES!! If  You go during happy hour,( I believe is from 4pm to 7pm ) you can get a entire pitcher for only $5.00 bucks!! Really... you cannot bet that price. Their food is good, their ambiance is awesome and their staff is amazing..
Tried their beer sampler- it was very good! I tried their garlic knots and calamari, both are very good! I look forward to trying the rest of the menu!

However, these are my complaints: my friend ordered a grasshopper for me. Don't get me wrong- it was very delicious. However, when it came to the bill, it appeared charged as a Colorado Bulldog (those are two COMPLETELY DIFFERENT drinks). Also, my friend asked me to suggest him s drink to order at the bar (I'm a bartender) and I suggested a Sombrero (milk and Kahlua, nothing special) the bartenders apparently were clueless on what it was, apparently googled it and still had no idea what it was or even nearly claimed it does not exist. But yet they have a button on the register for a Colorado Bulldog?! (basically a sombrero with a splash of cola)

Well, I really want to like this place. I'm giving it another try, just because the food was great.
Yay! I am so very happy that we loved this place. 

There's a very relaxed environment, I love that you can look right into the kitchen all the while following your team on the flat screens. We ate in the main dining room, downstairs and didn't venture around - but it was a great experience. 

I had the Strawberry Harvest Wheat brew and it was delightful, not overpowering and quite refreshing. I was interested in the steak sandwich; however, the waiter talked me into the club sandwich. The portion was huge - which is good for taking home, but the club itself was so large that I couldn't actually take a bite. It was cut into quarters, and speared with a long toothpick - but there wasn't a good way to take a bite of it. I ended up with a handful of food that I just had to kind of gently shove into my mouth. I was NOT happy with it. My husbands hot pastrami sandwich was phenomenal! 

We will absolutely be back to try this out again; although I will definitely not be getting the club sandwich. :)
We have eaten here several times.  Everything I've eaten has been superb.  I love the country fried filet mignon.  But if you want something lighter the ceasar salad is wonderful, the dressing is really good.  My daughters love the garlic knots, which are so filling you could make a whole meal out of them.  My second favorite dish is the steak sandwich, it's tender juicy and definitely large enough to fill you up. 

If you are still hungry at the end, try a Blondie and Clyde....takes a while for the desert but well worth the wait.
After work one night my co-workers and I decided to stop by here for some draaaaaaaanks n' food. This was my first time here... We ordered some dranks and a BUNCH of food. No complaints, your average bar food and we are drinkin so it's allll good anyway! I never saw the bill, just threw down some money to pitch in but I think they have some good drink specials... 
We were hangin' out upstairs which I guess closes earlier than the downstairs bar which I found a LITTLE annoying but I guess we could have just moved the party downstairs, however we just called it a night then anyway. I would definitely go back for some more draaaaaanks n' food for a fun low key night!
Great atmosphere and very accommodating. Put tables together, Alicia was very attentive and took care of everything.
From the outside the place looks great. Inside decor is not so much - nothing special. Saturday night place was kind of dead, yet the service was really slow. Our server asked if we wanted to reuse our beer glasses and we were drinking different kinds of beers.  Food came out, our server did not ask if we wanted refills on our drinks - glasses were empty. Food was pretty good and seemed fresh.
On the few times a year I am out late, this is a dependable place to get okay food and a drink before heading home.

I am not a fan of their beers, but they have plenty of other beers in bottles.

I like the ghost wings and pizzas.

I would go to BJ's over this place during the day, but a good place to go ending a night out.
Being from Chicago I have to say that If you can't eat the crust by itself, its not good pizza. This is one of the few places in Las Vegas that got it right. Make sure you order the Garlic Knots. I highly recommend them and The Cinnamon Roll knots are awesome.
Interesting menu~ looking forward to exploring it further! "Black and Bleu Sliders" are a culinary head trip~  To start with, they are thicker than most, and mine were cooked to perfection! (Tasted like beef~ Seriously!) The carmelized onions were sweet, candy-sweet~ The chipotle-mayo was a sneaky character~ An intensifier~ And the acid from the Bleu crumbles balanced the bite to perfection!  Steak fries were crisp and airy, which was a pleasant surprise for a Vegas Pub~ They do this one right, and if you are a food-dude or dudette~ Do yourself a favor and give this one a try!  
The staff was busy and pleasant in the downstairs bar, and the basketball playoff game was drama, even if you're not a huge fan of the sport~
A nice deviation from most Vegas pub food~
Food portions are huge so bring an appetite. The brewed beers a good as well and they run a good happy hour. Not quite true Chicago style but a good place to stop for a quick beer and snack before a movie at the thearter next door or a good place to catch a game.
we moved to vegas a year ago and this our favorite deep dish pizza place.  The deep dish pizza is very good.  The beer is fair.  The serivice is good but it takes forever. We like to order out.  Everyone that visits loves the pizza
On the Saturday afternoon of Memorial Day Weekend, my Dad and I decided to check out Chicago Brewing Company.  He loves beer and I love daytime drinking so our only requirements were somewhere that you could have/do both. We got the BEST seating outside, directly under the speakers that were playing the BEST 80's songs.  We had so much fun guessing artists and song titles while drinking in the shade. The beer flight there is a STEAL! You pretty much get to try every beer (I don't recall the exact number) and for a great price (I don't recall the price either, sorry!). They also have chilled Fireball just WAITING for you to shoot. 

The best part for me was complimenting our server on what a great job she was doing, only to find out that she's actually a busser! She said our original server got too overwhelmed with his other tables so she had to take over our table.  I was just in awe that someone with such little serving knowledge gave me one of the best dining experiences that I can recall.  I wish I could remember her name but CBC I hope you promoted her to be a server!!

I highly recommend the hot wings as well.  If you're gonna go big and get beer and Fireball -ya gotta get hot wings.  We tried their 'death sauce' or whatever they call it - basically the hottest of the hot. But being hot sauce connoisseurs it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. 

This was my first and only experience at CBC but I can't wait to go back!
Me and my husband have never been before, so last night while we were trying to figure out what to eat I suggested Chicago brewing company. Big big mistake, my husband ordered hot wings. He said they were some of the worst he had ever had. He said they weren't hot enough and were terribly dry. I had a chili burger with fries. The one thing that was right was the way my burger was cooked, other than that it wasn't good. My fries were cold, my chili was cold and the flavor was off. The food in mine and my husbands opinion was a huge let down, especially since we had heard such great things. The service was good, our server was very attentive and accommodating. We can be pretty tough customers when it comes to certain things and she handled it well, she was a wonderful waitress. If you want to go for the food beware, steer clear of the hot wings and chili burgers. Such a let down.
First off this place had the best food! The garlic knots are the shiz. Pizzas as well! Not to mention brews on brews! I love the heff w/ an orange! The only thing about Chicagos that sucks is the vibe. It's just a regular bar, cool but nothing special. Quality wise Chicagos has the upper hand though over mainstream bars like PT's. if you're looking for custom brews and some serious bar food Chicagos is your place! If you're looking for something high class and date worthy it's definitely not going to knock the socks off your potential mate. Four stars.
Probably the best Chicago deep dish pizza in Las Vegas.  Definitely beats B.J's deep dish, maybe Amore's...  not sure I think I have to go back to make sure since it's been a while.  The crust is amazing and for sure the best crust I've ever had in my life!  Also had the garlic knots which were decent.
Nice staff, clean, lots of places to watch games etc pizza is not bad and the beer is good, I reccomend this place
I had this place bookmarked after seeing several delicious looking pictures being posted on yelp. Hubby and I decided to come here for dinner and we left full and satisfied. The beer here is brewed on site and has won several awards at the Great American Beer Festival and The World Beer Cup. Did I try any beer? Nope! Another visit I will though ;)

We sat in a comfy booth in the dining area. Our server was very nice and checked on us often and went over any questions we had. The menu had so many good choices so hubby and I decided to pick out 2 different things to share. We ordered the "Buffalo Chicken Wrap" priced at $10 and the "South Side Cheese Steak" priced at $10 with a $3 up charge for the substitution of onion rings instead on fries.

Buffalo Chicken Wrap - The chicken tenders are handmade and tossed in hot sauce then put into a tortilla with lettuce, tomato and chipotle ranch. I asked them to leave the lettuce out. The chicken was all white and cooked perfectly. The whole wrap would have been good to me if the hot sauce wasn't on it. It wasn't hot at all and tasted like straight up vinegar. The portion was great and the fries that came with it were delicious. I asked for a side of ranch to dip my fries in and the ranch was cold, thick and delicious. Hubby thought the wrap was OK, but this isn't something I personally would order again unless is was minus the funky vinegar flavor. 

South Side Cheese Steak - This has beef with peppers, mushrooms, and onions, with their our own signature beer cheese sauce. This sandwich was just delicious! The steak was tender and flavorful, the peppers and onions cooked just right and the beer cheese sauce makes this sandwich a match made cheese steak heaven! The onion rings were beer battered and yummy! I could easily just eat a plate of the onion rings!

Happy Hour is daily from 4 - 7 pm. HH is only available in the beer garden, loft and lounge according to their menu.

While there we noticed a promotion for "Slot August Nights" where you can stop in and enter to win a 1966 Ford Mustang! You can enter at their other locations Magoos, Loose Caboose, Golden West and of course here at Chicago Brewing Company. Just ask your server for details.
Went in for dinner, hostess was nice and friendly.  My friend ordered a chicken sandwich and I ordered country fried filet.  Both dishes were really tasty and the service was very good. We had the garlic knots for an appetiser and they were really tasty.  Would definitely go back!!!
This place is just good. I have been twice now and regret not eating here sooner. I have only been in the dining area so I can't speak for the rest of the place, but apparently there is a beer garden, cigar room, full bar and outdoor seating. 

my fellow yelper buddy, Ethan Z., has been trying out some pastrami sandwiches in my honor. I decided to try out the pastrami sandwich here just for him! Too bad he couldn't be here to taste it because it was damn good. I also tried a chili cheese dog that was very good. The dog had homemade beer chili, cheese and green onions on it. The dog came with a side of fries that were good especially dipped in their homemade ranch. I would order both again and probably will.

The service here is great and the servers checked on us often.
I gave a mid rating only due to the fact that I only had alcohol & the place has a smoking section. First time here & the place is broken into a smoking & non smoking area seperated by a door. This is awesome for non smokers as they get to enjoy the bar & restuarant w/o the issue of smoke. The downfall is if you sit in the non smoking area there's no bar. I tend to want to sit at a bar because normally it's faster service & you can chat w/ the bartenders too.
We decided to go to the bar which is located in the smoking area, both. We chose the upstairs bar which is small about 8 seats total. There is a small table w/ lounge type chairs, about 6 in that same area. It was great because we got to interact w/ the bartender who was very tentative to us & all the other patrons as well. He even suggested a twist on an old classic. There is a small balcony which we got to step out to to grab some air.
We must have come at the right time because there was very little to no smoke around us. Either that or people were just being very respectful to the non smokers, which is hard to find at a place these days. The drinks were on point & we were never fully empty before the next round came. That's a sign of a good bartender. Solid place! Next time we will try the food!
My family really likes this place. The outdoor seating is wonderful, especially with a young child. The happy hour specials are great, and can be utilized outside. I enjoy the food, the beers, and the pizza is a nice replacement for almost the real Chicago deal. The service is top notch.I am looking forward to the cooler weather, to enjoy lazy weekends on the patio, watching sports and enjoying the amazing food and service.
Great food and super friendly bartenders/servers.   Definitely will go back.
Great service and fabulous food, brews are just as they have always been tasty.
One of my favorite places to eat, drink and enjoy cigars. They have awesome food, love their chicken fingers.. massive amount of fresh chicken and the sauce is great. Craft beers are very good and the service is always top notch. Their cigar lounge is upstairs and they have several big TVs and comfortable seating. There is a small patio on the N side if you would like to sit outside. Their happy hour is great and sometimes they run the specials during games as well as 4 to 7.
This place offers a smoking and a non smoking side. The menu has a some Chicago favorites but not as many as you would think from the name. The beers are good and what you expect from brewery's today. Nothing I would go out of my way for, but good while you are there.
Okay place to grab a beer and watch the game. The food is average and prices are okay not to pricey but not cheap.
I was so pleasantly surprised by this place! The brewmaster does excellent work! I tried 6 beers: the stout, hefe, IPA, blueberry wheat, triple, and quadruple. All of them were excellent! I like trying breweries and craft brews everywhere I visit, and I usually find that each brewery has a couple of really good beers and a few not so good. At  Chicago brewing company, I did not try a single mediocre beer! This may be the best brewery I've been to, as the beers are across the board good, especially the triple and quadruple, which I hope they make permanent items. I typically do not like beers with fruit, so I ordered just a sample of the blueberry wheat. It was good, and the blueberry taste was neither fake nor overpowering. The food was decent, which is more of a bonus for me with a brewery. I had the happy hour chicken tenders, which were quite good. I then ordered some sliders, but I was so full from chicken tenders and beers, that I couldn't do much damage there. The sweet potato fries are waffle fries, and decent. The sliders were good too. My only disappointment was with the staff. The service was excellent, but when you go to a beer place, you expect to be surrounded by beer fanatics. Apparently the servers have a mild interest in beer at best. I still highly recommend this place to any beer connoisseur! You will not be disappointed.
try the beer...quad damn it...went home with a growler of it last night...
I called in an order and it included a buffalo wrap and garlic knots. I asked to have the buffalo wrap mild but when I got home and had the first bite, my mouth was on fire! I think they accidentally put it as HOT instead of mild. What a terrible mistake. It was too spicy, I couldn't even eat more than two bites. I ended up throwing it away. There goes $10. 

I also ordered the garlic knots. Now those were pretty good. However, the menu on yelp said it would be $5 but when I got the bill, it was $8. I know $3 isn't much of a difference but the prices should be listed correctly! There goes $20 down the drain. I was not impressed. 

The service wasn't good but it wasn't bad. Then again, what should I expect from a brewery/restaurant. I would like to come back to give this place another try but we'll see.. 

This review was based on my "to-go order experience."
Super awesome!!! 5 star food and 5 star friendly service.  Baked ziti with Italian sausage to die for.  Definitely two meals, baked in a garlic crust. Heavenly.   Black and white sliders delicious.   Angus beef, blue cheese, carmilized onion.  You have to have the ranch chips......yummmy...home made food at very affordable prices.   The lemoncello is secret Italian recipe.   Do eat and drink here.   Will be back....
I was pleasantly surprised with Chicago Brewing.  Not sure why, but for some reason I wasn't expecting much.  We sat in the bar area and ordered a sampler of all the beers, 9 total.  They were all actually pretty good!  I liked that they had all different types, everything from Wheat beers to IPA's.  Some were better than others but they were all good.  We each ordered a glass of our favorite and had a plate of garlic knots, which were also good.  The service was fast and friendly and I noticed they had an upstairs area along with the bar and main restaurant.  The food menu had lots of choices and they also have a full bar in case you don't like beer.
This place is crazy cheap and it is 24 hours!  I rarely come out to bars but this is a pretty nice bar that isn't too sketch and has plenty of sitting space.  I hate when I have to stand the whole night waiting for a stool.  This place has plenty of tables downstairs and lots of couches and seats upstairs too.  Definitely a good spot to hang out.  Fireball shots are only $6 each!  Cost-effective if you ask me.
Great place for happy hour (minus the smoke). Can't beat $2 draft beers, I love the hefeweizen. If it wasn't for the smoke, I'd give it a higher rating. Maybe I'm just spoiled from all other places without smoking these days.
The food wasn't that great. The sliders were lacking flavor. The thin pizza was made with some funky dough. The kind of dough that you get from Pizza Hut. The service was spotty. Our server would disappear at times. He also didn't have much of a smile in his face and it felt like he didn't want to be there.
I've visited Chicago Brewing Co. various times for business lunches, nighttime drinks at the bar area, and even for a group fantasy hockey draft event. The service in this place is superb. The food is quite good as well and I believe they offer daily lunch specials. So far I have had both the pozole soup/pizza combo and the fish and chips (each lunch special was $10). The soup was very good, pizza was cooked well, and the fish and chips were spot on but the portion size left a bit to be desired. The craft beers here are extraordinary. You'd be hard pressed to find one you didn't enjoy! From pale ales to IPAs to blonde ales, they typically have the perfect beverage for any pallet. Boasting upstairs and downstairs bar areas to enjoy these custom brews in addition to a cigar smoking area with cigars readily available for purchase, makes Chicago Brewing Company one of the coolest spots to hit for a night out away from the strip.
Must be a beer thing, cuz the food sucked.
Went for dinner last Friday.  The most notable item consumed was definitely the spinach and artichoke dip!  ($10) probably the best I've had in Vegas.  Delicious thick white cheese and not a ton of pesky vegetable spinach.  Comes with baisc tortilla chips.  Nice portion!  Also had a decent buffalo chicken wrap served spicy style...not too spicy...came with thin fries. ($10)  Wanted to try the mango wheat but resisted.  Good job by Jonny our waiter keeping the iced tea flowing.
We stopped in for a quick bite after seeing a movie nearby. Sat in the bar area, which surprisingly was not smoky (unlike many other bars in town). There were a few people playing slots, but it didn't seem like this place is driven by its gaming presence. 

In the past, I have not been that impressed with the beers here. I'm not sure if they've changed their recipes or their brew master, or if my tastes have changed, but my husband and I both enjoyed our selections: the Ramblin' Reck (amber ale) for him, and the IPA for me.

We weren't that hungry, so we split two orders of sliders: meatballs and buffalo chicken. Both were fine but underseasoned. Each was served with a sizable side of fries, which neither of us finished.

The rest of the menu seemed like typical bar fare -- burgers, pizza, salads, sandwiches -- but I think I'll stick with the beer next time. See you for patio weather!
Chicago Brewing Company is Legend-ary!

The fresh brews are all tasty. The Amber being superior. 

Upstairs is a nice cigar-friendly lounge complete with second bar, leather chairs, plenty of seating, and patios for fresh air. I've spent a lot of time at this bar and really enjoy the atmosphere.
Great service and a cozy bar environment. They have a back section where you can get away from people and chat with your friends. They have deep dish pizza, but just like Windy City, it's not REALLY deep dish. It's not deep enough! I don't understand why they can't make the crust thicker by using a deeper pan. The crust was REALLY good though and the pizza, in general, was delicious, so I'm not going to complain too much. They brew their own beer, too; I had their light ale and it was very drinkable. :) If I'm in the area again, I'll stop in fo' sho'!
I took my sister out for dinner here. This place is awesome! We had Teriyaki wings and deep dish chicken Alfredo pizza soo delicious!! Loved the beer sampler as well! When I come back to Vegas def coming back!
Signed up for yelp to leave this review. 

Making this review while waiting for my check. It's been at least 30 minutes since my bartender has even acknowledged me, though he has helped customers to my immediate left and right. I have had my empty beer mug pushed as far to the inside of the bar as possible and I haven't even been asked if I'd like another drink. 

Service is atrocious and I will never be back. I will also advice everyone e I know to stay away.
Excellent Beer and appetizers and service. I highly recommend for tapas, good beer and cigars during happy hours. The calamari was excellent and cooked to perfection.
Good selection on the beer, especially when they're having the seasonal beer. Great atmosphere at second floor bar/lounge. Food selection here is pretty good too. Whoever likes spicy food you must try the Ghost Wings. Chicken wings with ghost Chilli pepper sauce, hottest pepper in the world. They should have a challenge here for eating those wings. Another signature item must try is their garlic knots.  Overall a fun place to hang out and enjoy their hand craft beers.
Not so Good, fries burnt other half not cooked.burger wasn't anything to talk about 
Tuna salad was Nasty Tuna was spoiled but they made good on it. 
U be better getting McDonald's and little ceazers pizza
TERRIBLE!  I so wanted this place to be great...unfortunately, it was disgusting!  The ahi plum salad had fish that should not have been served atop over-dressed wilted greens. They DID take it off of our check, but it never should have made it to our table. Half of my bf's fries were over-cooked, half were under-cooked...you could see the color difference. It was the first time I've ever seen BBQ sauce on a burger not move; he was able to hold his burger, shake it and the sauce still not drip or even slide around at all. While I had no beer, the bf ordered their blonde and it was flat. My "date night" ended an hour ago when my bf went to bed sick to his stomach. WY to cock block Chicago Brewing Company!
Horrible food, Buffalo sliders tasted like puuure salt sweet potatoe fries tastes burnt and hard as a rock, servers were rude and non helpful.
Great patio seating for afternoon dining- shaded with a barrier to muffle the traffic noise and block exhaust fumes, as well as lights for evening hours.

Service was dismal- saw signage advertising their lunch special and ordered it, was not told about it by our server. Other than being super cute and taking our order, then later bringing our check, didn't see much of our server as other staff brought out our food and we were not asked how we liked it until it was nearly gone. Initially intended to ask for ketchup but never saw anyone to ask. Seemed like we may have been a bit forgotten on the back patio.

Ordered the lunch special of a ham and cheese melt with a cup of the soup of the day- cream of mushroom. Sandwich was a good value with tons of ham- a bit salty for my liking but like I said, good value. Soup was very tasty and smooth, with good flavor. Added a side of onion rings, which was about ten rings for $3- perfectly crisp in beer batter, did not fall apart while eating.

My guy had the 10 piece hot wings with a cup of chili- wings were not hot but had good flavor and were a large size, priced well at $10 for the order coming out to a dollar a wing. Would come back for these wings despite lack of heat, wish they offered more sauces. Chili was also good quality- meaty with a few kidney beans, topped with green onions and cheese. Beer used in cooking was clearly eviden in the flavor of the dish itself.

My office occasionally has happy hour meetups here, and after experiencing the food I'll have to attend next time. Highly recommend the soups to order, and patio seating for dining and enjoying the weather.
Chicagos isn't quite what it use to be but still a great place! 

First, they don't have the celery salad any more! It was so good! Second, the servers just aren't what they use to be. Yea, I don't regular this place like I use to but at once a week, at least, you'd think they'd start remembering their regulars, after all they tip better. There are very few servers that are still there and still don't recall us. But the service isn't the worst and most will check on you before HH is over, big bonus. 

The HH is still the best at $6 a pitcher for craft local beer! The food portion is yet to catch up or rather has fell behind, it use to be way better. But alas it is still the best place to sit on the patio and have a beer. 

Recently, we were told the patio was closed due to damage to the patio wall. A couple times we checked in on the status of the patio being open, it's the best place to air and the perfect weather!, each time however getting various degrees of confused looks and responses. But yet there were people seen on the patio on a couple nights when I drove by. Seemed there was a major miscommunication on the situation? Weird, Chi-brew lost our business several times during that period. On the last try we called ahead, I didn't make the phone call but Traci T said they talked to her like she asked them if they served beer. 'Duh our patios open.  But I was excited! When we got there the wall was damaged but if I hadn't of know I wouldn't have know, ya know! ;)

Visit Chi-brew, it's a great local place!
I have to give this 3 stars because of the food & food alone. I've been here more than a handful of times & before, I always sat in the dining room. There, the service is excellent.

But the last couple of time I went, me & my guy sat in the bar. We went in the middle of the week & usually around 12 or 1 for lunch. I understand that the servers that wait in the bar area also have tables in the dining room area but they need to manage their tables better.

Our server was nice enough, a bit awkward & standoffish. He took our drink order & my guy wanted to sample a couple of their house beers which the server brought quickly enough. Then he went into the dining room & didn't reappear for a while. My guy had decided which beer he wanted to order but our server was nowhere to be found. No biggie, we waited & another server ended up asking us if we needed something. After we placed our order & my guy got his beer, the wait wasn't long for our food to come out. And boy was it amazing!

I've had their baked ziti with chicken (which I adore) & their pizza & both have been excellent but for lunch I love getting sandwiches from bars. So I ordered their hot pastrami sandwich (for the second time) & bf got their "black & blue sliders" & instead of regular fries, upgraded to their smokehouse fries. (Note: I may be wrong about the name of the fries. Basically it's steak fries with melted cheese, bacon, chives, creme fresh, & other stuff I think) 

The pastrami sandwich is awesome! It's served on marble rye bread (my favorite rye) that is crispy & crunchy & not at all soggy, the pastrami is perfect, and it comes with melted Swiss cheese & cole slaw (on the sandwich). The combination of the hot pastrami & the cool crispy cole slaw is divine. It's exactly the way a sandwich should be made. My hats are off to the cooks. My side was their regular fries which are pretty lackluster & bland. But I never care about the fries. 

Bf said the black & blue sliders were good (who can go wrong with steak & bleu cheese?) but that the "smokehouse fries" were not very good. I had a bite & they were alright but very sweet. 

The problem was what happened after we got our food. The server asked us if we needed anything else & we said no....and then he didn't come to our table again until we made it obvious we needed him. He came in a couple of times but never came up to us. Once even when we were done with our food and clearly just sitting there. Finally he came in, took an order at the table next to us, went on our other side & asked if that table wanted more beer, and eventually landed at our table. We asked him for a box & the check & when he came back, I just handed him my debit card without even looking at the check. And I NEVER do that. But I was afraid we'd never see him again. He came back fairly quickly & gave me my receipt. While this was going on, another couple had come in & sat at a table & no one had come up to them at all in 5 minutes. No acknowledgement, no menus, nada. They got mad & left. I could see the woman telling the hostess & being pretty upset about it & frankly, I don't blame her. I would have done the same thing. Our server could at least acknowledged her. He saw that they had left & after the woman stopped talking to the hostess & walked out, that's when he walked out to the host stand to inquire about it. Nice. 

Bottom line: if you want to eat in the bar area, prepare to wait. If it wasn't for their awesome food, I'd never go back again. But sometimes you have to put up with sub-par service if you want a great meal.
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while now and my first visit was definitely a pleasant one. The man who greeted us at the door was very polite and showed us to our table. It was such a nice day out that we decided to take advantage of the outdoor seating area. It was really nice and had plenty of shade. We couldn't come here and not try a deep dish pizza. We ordered one with pepperoni and sausage and some steak house fries as an appetizer. Everything came out great and tasted as good as it looked. I'll be back again when the mood strikes for good pizza with a good beer.
Holy Cow!!!!! Have you tried the Pizzas???? If you havent, you're doing yourself a GREAT disservice! The pizzas and food in this establishment are amazing (the 4 Queens location too). The Service here is attentive, but the service at the other location inside the 4 Queens is the opposite. You need a neon sign around your neck saying "Help me" over there!
I've been to the brewery a few times and enjoyed it the fruit flavored blueberry beer is really good so ordered the beer the bare tender told me we are all out of any fruity beers. I seriously doubted it. Cus the guy next to him said under his breath keep that fruity shit downstairs. How are you of of beer at a brewery what a joke. 

Being that it has a Chicago name most would assume it's a Chicago sports friendly bar. Well the other night during the Chicago Hockey game there were plenty of Chicago fans I jokingly said to the bartender hey were in a Chicago bar why aren't you a Chicago fan?! 

Wow the attitude I got from the bartender and the customer at the bar was amazing. He responded this isn't a Chicago bar!!  I will never return there again used to be my go to spot to watch football games. 

Just a price of advice have Chicago friendly bartenders at least support the name. Jeez. I felt like I was in LA with the way they acted.
Tasty food, been coming here on and off for years. Machines aren't bad, won some and loss some. Cocktails and beers for all
Came for a private party. Who knew they had an upstairs?  Nice lil area with a full bar. They had an appetizer buffet set up for the party. I'm not big on fingers but theirs are so good! Might have to do my husbands party here.
Beers are great!! Food is outstanding.... from the salads (yes, salads) to the deep dish pizzas to sliders to the baked ziti that probably weighs 4 lbs, DELISH!! My boyfriend and I have been 5 times now and has become one of our favorite spots, and we're picky!!

Would have rated it a 5 star but due to the terrible service we receive EVERY TIME we are there, yes, EVERY TIME, I just can't rate it a full 5! Such a shame! Between the servers sitting in the back soda station complaining about anything and everything to the curt disposition the servers posses each time they need to refill water or to take your order is beyond me!! Even when I ordered my salad with no olives yet came out with olives I did not complain, the server quickly realized the mistake but without apologizing or even making eye contact takes my plate away and brings me a new one. This new one, clearly picked through for olives, STILL HAD OLIVES.... which I placed on the rim of my plate so she'd notice, oh, she noticed yet did not mention a word!! Folks, I'm not asking for a foot rub or someone to bring me food on a gold platter but is a smile or even an attempt at pretending to care about a guest that loves this bar/restaurant, that keeps returning such a large request?! 

I rate this place between food and beers a 5 star, service on the other had? A 1 star!!
In the interest of full-disclosure, this was my first visit here and I have not had another since. 

Overall atmosphere was less than impressive. Service was average, but nothing worth coming back for. The beer was fine, but also nothing worth making a specific trip back for. 

Being huge fans of BBQ chicken pizzas, we tried their version - the Brew BQ Chicken Pizza. I imagine the chicken used is the pre-cooked, sliced strips you can buy at the grocery store (which, if you've ever had, is terrible). We picked most of it off or even had to just spit it on the plate. It lacked an adequate amount of sauce and the crust was about as good as crunchy cardboard. 

Not saying this place doesn't have other tasty options, but I certainly won't be back to try and find them.
Food is okay at best but the beer is AMAZING! My favorite is the All Nighter and the sampler (you get to try 9 of their beers, including specialty and seasonal ones ) Its also really cool to bring beer lovers here or friends out of town because they brew their own beer in house which makes for a great visual.
We took a friend out to eat here for his birthday dinner because we wanted something that was "nice" but also "kid friendly" since he wanted to spend some time with our 2-year-old. Clearly, he doesn't have kids or he wouldn't have said this.
 
It turns out, our server was awesome, the food and drinks came out fast. But hold the phone.. The cinnamon knots for dessert were out of this world!!! Made fresh and served hot, they melt in your mouth, not in your hands! I think I might even pop in some time just to order that and nothing else. 

While I am not, if you are a beer person, this is the place for you! The 2 men I was with thoroughly enjoyed "beer hopping" brews they would normally not have the opportunity to try elsewhere. And I happily sipped my glass of red wine, while my son happily enjoyed his milk.
A local favorite.  Fantastic selection of beer on tap all brewed on premises.  Try the Scotch Ale, the American Pale Ale, and the Crop Circle Wheat or just get the sampler.  Also, above average bar food,  pretty decent Friday night fish fry, and six high quality pool tables.

Be warned: the Great Dane can sometimes be a victim of its own success.  On a Friday or Saturday night, the place can be packed and very loud.  Check out the rathskaller or the beer garden to avoid the crowds.
This is my least favorite bar on Badger days.  On all other days it's surprisingly fun and an excellent spot to please all tastes.  Excellent beer, above average bar food, a big wood bar, and by far the best beer garden.   I'm going to try the fish fry some time because Jeremy Kraft really likes it.
Another of Madison's microbrewery joints.  This one is quite spacious, especially after expanding into the antique market next door and building out a huge billiards room and new bar.  The downstairs area features a secluded backyard patio surrounded by ivy-covered walls reminescent of a New Orleans cafe.  Cool place.
I flat-out REFUSED to go to the Dane in college but now that I'm all grown up, I've changed my mind.  It can be over-crowded (and perhaps over-rated?) but they've got decent (or better) food (with diverse enough choices to please almost anyone) plus they serve Strongbow Hard Cider in addition to their many fine brews.  The garden, which I believed to be an urban myth in college, actually exists and is quite lovely.  And, it's a great place to bring out-of-towners for a "taste of Madison."  Finally - their newer location in Fitchburg has a wonderful deck and a bit older, post-college bar crowd.
The best use I can think of for the former Fess Hotel in Madison.  Boisterous, full of brews and good pub food, the Great Dane is a great place to fill up, either liquid or not.
This is a great place that I just keep going back to.  Love their California wrap with avocado...if it isn't on the menu I can usually convince the waiter to get a cook to make it for me...it's worth asking for.  I don't have much experience with the beers...but my guy friends have only the best things to say about the beer on tap.  I love the brew-pub atmosphere and the mized crown you can find there. 5 Stars
A microbrewery with good food - had a memorable meal here with friends and our kids.  Nice service despite the vast space, which was packed to the gills by the time we were done with dinner.  Good beer, and you don't need a lot of it to enjoy the food.  I had a pot pie....ohwow.  Sit outside and enjoy the ivy-covered walls.
During the summer, I go to the Dane twice a week or more.  This has more to do with them being a sponsor of MUFA (Madison Ultimate Frisbee Association) leagues than anything, but off season, I go nearly once a month.  The food is great, the service usually stellar, and the beer is the best in Madison.  Try Potters Run and Texas Speedbump for pale ale's , the Stone of Scone scotch ale is spectacular, and if you like wheat beer, the Crop Circle must be okay, since even I will drink it.  Summertime will give a selection of fruit beers, which I don't consider beer, but if you dig that sort of thing you'll be good to go!  Overall, it's a great place to be, and I definitely recommend the garden during late spring, early summer unless it rained in the last 24 hours, as the garbage from the restaurant next door can get a bit rank.  If you want to eat right away, avoid Fridays and Saturdays after 7:00, you won't get a table until around 8:00.
The Dane has the best beer in town. For that reason alone you should check it out. It also has a great outdoor area in the back when it is warm enough outside. Sometimes I believe the servers think the beer sells itself and therefore could care less about giving good service. Unfortunately they might be right. The food is good but not great.
oh great dane, how do i love thee, let me count the ways...
1. crop circle wheat...a truly delicious light beer, even better with a lemon squeezed in
2. artichoke dip in a bread bowl...need i say more
3. a burger with artichoke dip on top of it...i can die a happy girl
4. southwest tortellini...a delicious pasta dish that's large enough to enjoy some the next day
5. tomato soup...so warm and toasty...love it with 1/2 a sandwich
6. the beer garden...does summer in madison get any better?
7. somewhere to always bring my parents when i came to visit...and they actually liked the food!  

highly highly recommend!
I have a soft-spot for brewery restaurants, and this one was worth the trip.  The beer is fantastic, coupled with good pub food and exceptional service.  Had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but the time was passed sitting at a bar.  However, I'm scared to think what the wait would be like if UW was actually in session instead of being summer break.  The beer bread was a great appetizer, and I thoroughly enjoyed a chicken pot pie.  If I come back out to Madison, I'll definitely aim to come back.
Good food, not for a soft talker.

The Dane's food is great.  An excellent Ruben is to be had and I really liked their take on fish & chips.  Expect a wait if there's any sort of event going on in town or arrive early.
Great great place!  The most underrated part of this place is the garden in back, which is not open too often other than in the summertime.  When we eat here, I usually will get the shrimp po' boy, and follow it up with a few Great Dane Scotch Ales, my favorite Madison beer besides Capital Winter Skal.
Though it's kind of far out, I prefer this to the downtown location for meals with visiting parents due to ease of parking and proximity to Copp's, where I can hope that aforementioned parents will buy me stuff.

Has a slightly different menu than the downtown location, including the delicious (vegetarian) Taliesin tart and the same tasty hummus.
Delicious, especially the Webster Street Chicken salad (although a few times the kitchen staff has been oddly stingy with one ingredient, like the walnuts or the bleu cheese.)

Can be ber-crowded on weekends, in which case a wait of fifteen minutes for a table is not uncommon.
The beer was *amazing*, and the nachos are both huge and delicious. Strongly recommended.
I love the friggin Great Dane.   I adore the tuna burger (which is not available at their Fitchburg location).  I have tried absolutely everything a pesco-vegetarian can eat here, and I can safely say 80% of the fare available is quite memorable and wonderful.   I also must mention the spinach and artichoke dip which is heavenly.  For the past few summers they have featured a watermelon beer (garnished with a slice of watermelon) which is both unique and thirst quenching.  I'm a huge fan of the Crop Circle Wheat and Devil's Lake Red Lager. (I'm also a huge fan of getting a flight of beers when I go here, as I can never decide exactly what I want.)  
Expect crowds and waits for tables on weekends during regular dining hours. During those times, expect large crowds by the bar too as everyone else is thirsty while waiting for their table.
Good food, good beer, and good atmosphere.  What else do you need?  The basement is a cool place to hang out to have some drinks; it is kind of like being in a cellar and I mean that in a good way.  Just don't try to order a Miller Lite or something like that because all they serve is what they brew.
If I had to choose one word that describes the beer selection here it would be "steady."  You're always going to find a few of your favorites on tap, and your curiosity will be satisfied with one of their rotating taps, their cask ales, or even a guest tap.

It took me a while to put my finger on what made Great Dane lose a star in my book, and that's atmosphere.  It may just be the location, but this place is constantly filled with a too hip crowd, in an environment trying to be too counter-culture all the while you're just trying to get too-laid-back and when these 3 things come together you just feel a bit eery.  I've subtracted 1/2 star for this reason.

The food... another 1/2 star deficit.  It may be that a micro-brewery isn't profitable unless it can shave a few dollars somewhere, and the Great Dane choose to do this by outsourcing some of their Chef's ingenuity by ordering entree ideas from their food distributor.  Maybe I'm just too in love with the Natt Spil's (sp?) style of cooking (read: fresh and fun), that the Great Dane just seems lackluster in this area.
Typical university campus microbrewery. I tried a couple of the beers (IPA and American Pale Ale) and they were ok, definitely not extraordinary by any means. 

On to the food! I bypassed the special, half rack of ribs and chicken for a full rack. Mistake #1. By the time I got done with the first half rack, of the full rack mind you, I was tired of chewing on cold bbq baby back ribs. It would have been nice to switch to some chicken. damn. regrets. Bottom line, the food was ok keeping this one at 3 stars still. I will not fault the restaurant for my ordering blunders. 

Well the staff is nice enough to keep this at 3 stars. More typical. But they are just hip enough for a midwestern kid to get starry eyes. 

The pool tables are nice quality. $8 an hour after 6pm.
Decent microbrew pub.  Beer outweighs the food, but the nachos platter is a great starter.  Hourly pool and some big screens make it a nice place to chill while you watch a game.
"Largely excellent brew pub with a delicious variety of beer and extensive menu, but its venue lacks distinctiveness."

Several occasions over the past year, I have strolled over to the Great Dane. The 1st item sought is the beverage. They are gracious enough to provide sampler platters for their beer (four ounce glasses). I am more than nourished with the sixer for $7.50. They offer an eclectic assortment of micro brews, but their standouts are: Stone of Scone Scotch Ale; India Pale Ale; Cask Conditioned Ale; Old Glory American Pale Ale; Emerald Island Stout and Devil's Lake Red Lager. It's extremely fun to drink from light to dark. 

The menu is exciting blend of tradition and culinary wizardry. For starters: go for the Nakoma Nachos with beef, Wingra Wings; Bard's Sampler or Jaime's Mahi Tacos. The sandwiches and salads are large and mouth, but the absolute "must have" is the Great Dane Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger! The other dinner that consistently requires indulgence is Brats and Mash plate. 

it the perfect setting for a large gathering, but the venue has overwhelming aire of industrial and impersonal, so it loses its appeal (for the 1st few beers) with smaller / more cozy crowds.
There are a number of greats places to eat & drink in Madison... so stay away from the cookie cutter franchise places.  I would definitely start with the Great Dane.  They have a great beer garden for summertime & a great atmosphere inside with many pool tables & other forms of entertainment.  They serve up their own microbrew of which Crop Circle is may absolute favorite beer.  They also have three other locations  (four if you count the airport) in Dane County that are nice... but the original near the capital is the best!
A micro-brewery with absolutely delicious food!  This place was an absolute must-stop restaurant whenever my parents came to visit me in Madison, and I still go nearly every time I'm back in town.  My favorites include the Wingra wings with Asian BBQ sauce, the Great Dane burger with creamy, garlicky spinach-artichoke sauce, and my absolute favorite - Thai chicken salad that comes with homemade brown beer bread.  The best drink to wash this all down is the light  Crop Circle Wheat beer, served with lemon.  Yum, yum, yum!!  If the weather's nice, enjoy your food outdoors in the ivy-walled patio/beer garden with cute black metal tables, or indoors upstairs in the spacious wooden booths if it's getting chillier outside, or if you're bar-hopping, check out the downstairs billiards bar with views of the micro-brewery at work.  The Halloween Haunted House was also a fun time. ;)  Gotta hit this place up if you're in town!
Grade: D+

Boring food. Artichoke dip was good but so is a Stouffer's pot pie.
Awesome place. Great Wisconsin style. Beer is very good. Big place too-- I think they can seat ~400 people? Next door they have the pub where you can rent shuffleboard and pool for $4/$8 per hour depending if it is after 6pm.

Highly recommend the burger that has a hamburger patty, a bratwurst patty, onions, and served on a pretzel roll. It is a death wish, but a beautiful one at that. Nachos have too many chips. The beer sampler is a nice way to find your choice. The red beer is always great.

Also, the outdoor beer garden is amazing. hit it up if you get a chance.
Two words: Fish Fry.  Okay, maybe it's not so special for Midwesterners, but for a SoCal girl like me it was a thing of beauty.  The same cannot be said of my boyfriend's burger that featured a brat patty, bacon and cheese on a pretzel bread bun.  It was comical to look at but the same cannot be said of the aftermath.
impressive food fare for a bar

and the micro-brews were pretty dang yummy

more than anything else, this place is HUGE!

it's like 5 rooms and a huge patio. i've heard it's especially nice at night when you can't see the paint cracking :)
I think I go here every time I visit the Madison area. Heck, I even went there twice on my most recent visit.

This place has great beer, good food and is a good deal. I took my girl friends out for a night and we got a round of drinks, two appetizers and entrees for under $75 for the 5 of us. 

It's a good place for a crowd, but if it's a substantial group, go early or call ahead.
I went for the first time yesterday after a Badgers basketball game.  It was slow - unusual for Madison on a Saturday night, but I guess everyone was still recovering from turkey-itis.

My dinner was excellent - I had the Southwest Tortellini.  The serving was large enough that I took some home & had lunch.  Mmmmm it was so good :)  I was a little hesitant to eat there, actually, because I was expecting "bar food," but it's actually a pretty classy restaurant with an excellent menu.

My boyfriend had the brat/burger/pretzel roll concoction.  It was pretty tough to actually eat, just because it's HUGE - but he expected that when he ordered it.  He liked it, though.  I don't think he was so fond of the baked beans, he mentioned that they were in a tomato sauce?

The waitress wasn't annoying - it took us a long time to decide what we wanted because there were so many things that looked good, and she wasn't back every five seconds asking if we were ready YET.  She waited til we put down our menus & then she came right over - even though by that time it had begun to get realllllly busy in there.

The food came out quickly & our drinks were great.  They don't seem to have a huge selection of liquor, and I don't drink beer - but there was enough for me to choose from.  Several of the vodkas that I later saw on the menu weren't displayed on the bar, so I ended up getting one drink when I would've preferred something else, had I known they had it - I wish they'd put ALL their boozes up on the wall ;)

My boyfriend said the beer was great.

I was really impressed & I'd definitely go back to try out all the other things that looked great on the menu.
I can't remember the last time I ate here. But I've drank here many times. I like the basement (rathskellar) and I like the outside patio. And the crowd is a nice mix. I don't feel like a geezer here when I stop in.
Best patio in town, best beer brewed in Madison (better than Capital anyway), attractive and well informed staff, hearty bar-food that's more eclectic than you're usual neighborhood bar, and a variety of atmospheres ranging from a sports bar to a pool hall to a German rathskeller (with good music on the juke to boot) to bar & grill, what's not to love about the Great Dane?

Probably the weekend night crowd, full of suburbanites and frat boys jostling you about.  Basically the typical State Street Brats crowd but give them 5 years, 25 lbs, and a job in Verona.  I love this place any other time than 10 PM or later Thursday through Sunday.  So the point is, this place is set up to be awesome and has a spot for everyone, but it's not always full of cool people.

Go for the beer, the food, the patio, the pool, etc.  But just don't go when it's full of rude ex-frat boys, alright "brah."
I was a frequent customer of this place back when I was an undergrad at UW Madison in the late 1990s. It was great then and it's great now. When in Madison I always make a point to visit, and not just for the warm and fuzzy nostaIgia of my college years. 

In my experience, microbrewery/restaurants usually have great beer and mediorcre food, or mediocre beer and great food. The Great Dane has both great beer AND great food. The beer is always superb, with a great selection, and the menu is rather varied for a brewpub. The food is always excellent, and at times has even risen to the level of fine dining. It's a fun, congenial atmosphere, perfect for groups. Great service. All around a wonderful Brew Pub experience.
I dig the Dane.  It isn't necessarily a place to absolutely rave about, but when I'm downtown, I gladly eat & drink here.  

Good brews, and good food.  Mainly I like the Dane for providing a comfortable atmosphere where I can have some high-end pub food, some Wisconsin suds, and play pool.  

There is a burger here, topped with bratwurst, topped with bacon & served on pretzel bread.

For that reason alone the Dane is getting 4 stars.
Great Dane has to be the first brew pub I've been in that has outstanding food.  Everything I've ever ordered has exceeded my expectations.  My favorite is the big 10 burrito, not something I would expect to be so good outside of a Mexican restaurant but it has a wonderful variety of ingredients.  A bonus is the beer is great and you can even get a jug to go!  Yippee!
The Dane is one of my local hangouts. Where I go for a good meal when I have nowhere new to go. I almost always get a burger (they cook it to the actual mediumness that you want!). 

Their beer is good, although with many microbrews, it is a little grainy. Love the crop circle wheat though. 

Their fries are a little lacking. They over pepper/salt/spice them always and they typically aren't done too well. (I like'em crispy.) 

Wait staff is pleasant, but the actual wait that it took to get a table is typically longer than i normally would wait. 

My only real complaint (and the reason I gave it 4 stars) is that smoking is allowed there.
Their beer sampler is fun way to sample their good beers and have fun at the same time. I thought their fish fry was really good, too.

If you're going to dine there during warm month, try the pretty outside garden seating and make sure to share appetizer with friends for start of a nice evening to ensue.
I've always been to the Hilldale location and I love it - I've heard the downtown one is even better. Great pub-food. The chicken potpie is amazing. Nice outdoor seating at the Hilldale location
The Great Dane is definitely a local institution. As a result, its major downside is that at night it is terribly crowded. The food, yeah, I can take it or leave it. However, Great Dane's beers are terrific, so I find it a worthwhile place to go in spite of the crowds. There are many regular beers brewed all of the time, as well as several seasonal beers. It's always fun to try a different type every time.
The Great Dane probably deserves about 3.5 stars. I have been to both the downtown and Hilldale locations and my experiences have been very mixed. The food seems to be consistently good downtown, I especially enjoyed the chipotle bbq sauce served with the quesadillas (I should also say that I don't normally enjoy the flavor of chipotle peppers). I went to the Hilldale location shortly after it opened and was surprised to find out that they weren't even serving their own beers! This may have been changed since, as it was due to a stupid Madison law, but the Great Dane's beers are generally delicious and it was a big downer to have to settle for a crappy Miller Lite. While I was there I tried the brat and burger combo served on a pretzel roll. It was inedible. In the past I have had the combo using a red brat, which works quite well, but what I got was an overdone burger topped with a black (originally white), completely burned sausage. I tossed it aside and choked down the rest of the burger, but the salt on the pretzel roll was overwhelming. I'd recommend this restaurant if you want very good pub food, just stick to the downtown location.
+ The best beer-battered cheese curds ever
+ Wonderful house beer
+ Reasonable prices
+ Peppered salmon with Pico de gallo wasn't overcooked, quite the feat for a brewpub
+ Waitress was pleasant and attentive
+ Beer bread and honey butter? Yes, please.

- The music was AWFUL and LOUD (I do not want to listen to generic, crappy club electronica while I eat, thanks)
- The place was a bit drafty
It's good, not great.  Nothing to write home about.  Varied menu items and service was good.  I don't see why all the rave reviews and excitement over this place.
I struggled with whether I should give the Great Dane 4 or 5 stars.  4.5 stars would be perfect.  Damn you, Yelp!  ;)

The Dane has been a consistent favorite of mine ever since I started going years and years ago.  The menu doesn't change too often, so I've had the opportunity to sample quite a few dishes.  Their burgers are top notch (particularly the buffalo burger that comes with a mushroom-red lager gravy...*drool*), the fries are excellent, the Big 10 burrito is enormous and packed with goodies, the peanut stew is hearty and flavorful, the grilled cheese is full of gooey wonderfulness, the Friday Night Fish Fry has the best Walleye ever; I could go on.  

Two sad things: I deeply, DEEPLY miss the Salmon Orzo "salad."  That was my favorite thing to get there, and now it's gone.  :(   Also, their fancier, more expensive entrees always *look* good, but they're sub-par compared to the normal, cheaper fare.  I have always been disappointed with those dishes, so would recommend sticking to burgers and the like.

They have excellent microbrews.  I'm especially fond of the German Pils.  At $4-ish per pint for awesome beer that's brewed right there, you can hardly go wrong.

P.S. If you can manage to cram it in your already-too-full tummy, PLEASE try the Black & Tan Brownie.  Split it with someone (you'll probably need to anyway, it's friggin' huge).  So. Damn. Good.
As brewpubs go, I think this is the best in Madison.  The food is great, and the beer is very good.  While I prefer the downtown location for its atmosphere and garden seating, the Fitchburg location is a bit more convenient for a west-sider and parking is never a problem.

All of the Great Dane standard beers are good, although I've tasted a few "misses" in their seasonal and special varieties (like the watermelon wheat, yuck), but favorite/stand-by is the Scotch Ale.

The Dane is on my list of "must visits" when friends and family come to town.
This is one of those places that I HAVE to stop in whenever I pass through Madison.  I've tried their other locations, but only the original downtown spot is worth the stop.  The other locations in strip malls seems to suck the soul out of the experience.  For me, the beauty of this place is that everything I have tried just pops with flavor.  They truly have built a menu of foods designed to eat with beer.  And the beer!  I love it that the brews are all unique and different (too many brew pubs use the same hops blend for every style...Booo!) and all of them represent an outstanding version of the particular style.  I'm particular fond of the scotch ale.
The Great Dane's second location in Fitchburg has never disappointed me over the years.  I'll always love the downtown location and all the hazy memories I have of it from my college years.  However, I find myself in the suburbs these days and you can't always head downtown when you want to meet up with friends for a burger and a beer.  The Fitchburg location of the Dane serves this purpose exceedingly well.  Judging by the crowds that pack this place every night of the week, a lot of people feel this way.  I first graced this establishment with my presence right after the opening, for New Years Eve 2002, and I've been a semi-regular ever since.  During the summer there is not much more enjoyable than sitting out on the deck having a beer and a burger as the sun heads down on the horizon.  During the cooler months the upstairs gaming area is a great place to meet up with friends for some pool or shuffleboard, and you can get food service up there as well.

I have always really enjoyed the food here.  I put the buffalo burger at the top of my list city-wide.  The mushroom gravy that comes with this at first seemed superfluous, because the buffalo burger was so perfectly seasoned that no condiment was required.  That is not to say the gravy went to waste - it is astoundingly good with the fries.  It is so good I have a hard time ordering anything else off the menu.  However, I've branched out on occasion, and I can safely say that the Capital falafel, Mayan chicken wrap and Cajun chicken sandwich are all delicious.  I used to always get the fries, and don't get me wrong I enjoyed them (especially with that gravy), but earlier this year I tried the Israeli cous cous side and this is now my go-to.  The cous cous grains are larger than the traditional style, or at least the kind I make at home, but the seasoning is perfect.

As good as the food is, I really like the Fitchburg Dane because of the beer.  The Great Dane is always known for coming up with a variety of delicious brews, and this is true wherever the location.  What I like about the Fitchburg Dane is that they have several beers that are exclusive to the location.  My personal favorite is the Sugar River ESB - it goes great with a meal or as a stand-alone.  If you're looking for something more sessionable, try the Verruckte Stadt (Mad City auf Deutsch) German Pils.  And if you're going for something rich and creamy, try the Stoner Oatmeal Stout.  The beer is tapped using nitrogen, which gives it an exceptionally smooth mouthfeel.  

The only drawbacks that I have with the Fitchburg Dane are almost all a result of the popularity of the place.  Sometimes it's hard to find a parking spot in the nearby garage or on the street.  Other times it's hard to even get a table, but the wait is usually not longer than the time it takes to have a beer at the bar, assuming there's room at the bar.  The service is almost always good, but I've been upstairs and been forgotten once or twice when it's busy.  The price is on the high side compared to some of the other similar places in Madison.  And above all, it can be packed, just like the downtown location.  I suppose you can chalk this up to being a victim of one's own success, and I certainly don't hold it against them.
We ate in the basement, and would strongly encourage others to do so.  Great food.  My husband had mac and cheese and loved it.  I had a very nice southwest salad.  Staff was efficient, but not what I would call friendly.  Would go back again.  Husband LOVED the ales on tap.
I love this bar. There was a time in my life when I felt that I lived here.

This is as good as pub food gets. I have never had anything bad here and I have had almost everything on the menu. But, the real star is the house beer that they brew.

Many a non believer has become a beer drinker after trying the Peck's Pilsner. My personal favorite is the Velvet Hammer. Be warned, it is seasonal only. The pumpkin beer is also surprisingly good.

Here is my haiku in ode to the Dane.

Boy, I miss this bar.
Great beer, good friends, and hot nights.
Opps, I'm drunk again.

This bar is a must if you are ever in Madison Wisconsin.
I have used this bar for business clients and dates over and over again. It never gets old or disappoints.

Talent Level ? Hit or Miss. Best bring good company with you.
If I was a beer drinker, this place would have five stars.

I love going to the Great Dane. Fun atmosphere(if a bit loud) and fantastic food. I haven't had a dissapointing meal here EVER. The waitstaff is friendly and know their stuff.

Great Fish Fry, delicious sandwiches(and fish tacos!), and desserts to drool over(two-spooners).
I love this place!
I just wish there was a Great Dane here in San Francisco. 

I make it a point to eat here when I visit family & friends in Madison.
The beer is incredible and so is their food. On my last trip to Madison, I was lucky to catch a Wisconsin style Friday fish-fry. 
Beer battered fish with fries and a few other goodies. I drank their porter and their stout. 
On another occasion I had their bratwurst with sauerkraut and some other sides that escapes me right now. I just remember the beer! :)

I look forward to revisiting Madison and eating here at the Great Dane.
I love the Great Dane.  Here's the thing - the food is ok.  Actually even good.  But the beers are spectacular.  Absolutely top notch.  They should start giving a nobel prize for beer, and this brewmaster should get it.  

And in a world where we waste European water by drinking Belgian beer in San Francisco, and deplete all our natural resources by shipping crates full of heavy beer bottles all over the globe, I think one of the most thoughtful environmental steps any beer-drinker can take is to drink local brews.  

Think Globally - Drink Locally!  It's my mantra. The Great Dane makes that more than easy.

Out in San Francisco we've got Trumer, Anchor, Lagunitas, Big Daddy, Boont, Biersch, Magnolia - heck, even Budweiser is brewed only 90 miles away.  We've got lots of options.

And Madison, Wisconsin?  What are its options?  Well, Great Dane isn't the *only* local beer in Madison (this is Wisconsin after all - we know from beer in Wisconsin) - but it's the best.

Think Globally - Drink Great Dane!
I like this Great Dane's bar a lot more than the one downtown.  It's classy looking and spacious.  It doesn't tend to get overcrowded with tons of college students or Badger game-goin' sports fans, either.  I can get my coveted Great Dane beers just a few minutes from my house.  All of that is wonderful.

I am not very fond of the restaurant part of this location.  It reminds me a little bit of a hotel restaurant or something.  Plus, if you're seated near the window, you see....the grand, sweeping parking lot.  Sexy.  The food is still good, of course, but the overall ambiance leaves something to be desired.
This place is great for sharing a few pitchers with your mates while enjoying a friendly game of billiards. The service is good, the atmosphere is good, the beer is good and the food is too. Really, the only things I can think of that could use improving are the carpet in the billiard area -- it seems to be kinda sticky after dozens of spills -- and the felt on the tables is a bit worn. But whatever, it's not like that's enough to deter me from coming back.

Billiards isn't all I enjoy about the Dane. There's a nice bare-brick basement area to get retreat from the crowds... or a fun, open dining room for those that are more interested in enjoying a meal. Also, the outdoor seating is a great lunch spot for Saturday's in the summer.
I haven't been here for a meal, so I can't say anything about the dining experience offered here.

However, the billiard area upstairs is always fun and the patio outside is a nice place to enjoy one of their many tasty beers when the weather is cooperative.

It's also great to have a Dane closer to home, so I don't have to go all the way downtown just to have a pint with my mates.
This is the Madison version of Chicago's Goose Island.
They brew their own on site. The one brew that stands out is Crop Circle Wheat. Very smooth texture and very very refreshing.
Ordered the Mac and Cheese and what I got instead was heaven. 
Heaven.

Having some creamy cheese on the bottom with four to six (six on menu but i tasted 4 different) cheese blends on top gave this the best tasting mac and cheese ever. 

The service was all right, just nothing to write home about. You have enough time to carve your name or other things on the tables ( Klye pwns all?) . The atmosphere is nice, the old fashioned wood makes this place stand out, as does the quaint patio in the back.
Dropped by for a late night dinner last Friday.  Not really sure what the bar scene is like here, but I can vouch for a number of things on the menu.  

I split an order of chicken tenders and pretzels.  Yes.  This place has pretzels offered as a menu item.  While these were really good, the highlight of the dinner was the macaroni and cheese that was being eaten across the table from me.  When I think of mac and cheese, I have the typical habit of imagining a blue box of processed foodstuff.  This mac and chseese couldn't be further from that stuff.  It's hard to explain if that is what you picture.  But trust me and just try it.  And yes, that wedge of goodness served up on top of the dish IS a hunk of cheese.  MMM...cheese...Wisconsin...cholesterol...car ride back to Minneapolis.  

In all fairness to the pretzels, I may be selling them a little short because I am not a huge fan of pretzels in general.  Nevertheless, they were good.
As a vegetarian, I love looking at a menu and seeing plenty of vegetarian options.  These were even marked with a carrot - even better!  The group of us came for the beer, and weren't disappointed.  Many choices available.  

Of course we started with the cheese curds, which to me seemed like mozzerella sticks but whatever, they were delicious and served with ranch.  The mozzerella salad was pretty good - but I've had better.  It came with tomatoes, red peppers, and asparagus and was a good size, but I prefer mine with less veggies.  I also had to try the mac and cheese, which wasn't as creamy as homemade should be and served with a pretzel - talk about carb on carb overload!  

The service was great and fast, especially for our table of 6 on Homecoming weekend.
I had the day off, it was 11a.m. so I went and picked this boy (whom I occasionally make out with on a regular basis) and we randomly drove from Chicago to Madison.

We arrived in Madison and went to the Great Dane and ordered every beer they had available, cheese curds, and the mac and cheese. - They were all awesome.

People were cool, bar was fun, it was also 2pm on a Monday so it was cool and quiet.

Get the mac and cheese - its made with otter creek cheddar - enough said - oh and there is the pretzel roll that comes on the side, but that is secondary to the cheesy goodness.

Cheese and beer - way better combo than peas and carrots if you ask me.
This place is fantastic.
First, the beer is amazing and never disappoints... the scotch ale and sugar river esb are my faves and the oatmeal stout gets rid of a hangover immediately!
The food is sooooo good, especially for how inexpensive it is.  I am a vegetarian and i never run out of options... my faves.. the tomato bisque soup, grilled cheese, portabello quesadilla, veggie burrito (HUGE) and the wisconsin style cheddar mac.
This place has a great atmosphere as well.  The downstairs dining room is nice and quiet (usually) with dark wood and roomy booths.  the bar downstairs has a ton of seating with a tv in every corner.  The upstairs has a Wii, pool tables, video games, and shuffle board.  And and Fridays and Saturdays they have popular djs from the Madison area.
The Sunday brunch is also fantastic, with a full salad bar, nacho bar, omelet station, fresh fruit, patries, prime rib and anything else you could think of!
So the food's not bad -- their cheese curds are awesome, which is a big plus in my book! They have so many yummy looking menu options (vegetarian, too!!), it's hard to make any decisions on food! Everything from brats to falafels to peanut stew. You can't beat the beer, of course, but they had none of the seasonal brews listed on the menu. And the location rocks.. the old Fess Hotel off the square (old timers and natives will remember the old landmark). What did not make me happy on my first homecoming to Madtown in at least 6 years.. super cute boyfriend in tow? We were a group of 5 on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and the place was not crazy -- yet they sat us downstairs in the basement in the furthest corner next to the loud party-table of lawyers having some kind of award ceremony for themselves. Not cool when I wanted to be able to talk to my family and impress the boyfriend. The table was filthy, which is just gross! The waitress was awkward and slow, though this can be chalked up to a newbie... and the party-table of lawyers, probably. At least we were conveniently next to the bathroom.. right? I was disappointed.
Great beer.  Great food.  Good service.  Beautiful historic building.  What more do you need?

The Great Dane is somewhere I make a habit of going to whenever I'm in Madison.  Last time I was there for five days with my wife we ended up going twice.

The food is quite good.  A simple but excellent treat is the soft pretzels.  I have yet to have a bad meal at the Dane.

The beer is good.  They have many choices that change over time.  If you are a beer fan, they will have something to match your taste.  They even make their own root beer and ginger ale.  Both are amazing.
This is a pretty solid place with decent beer.  I used to get growlers here once in awhile and we like to gather here if we're back in town for a football game or something.

The back patio area is cool.  Overall a nice brew pub in a good location.
My first experience in Madison, WI. Okay, so it was a very snowy and very, very cold day in Madison when I had arrived. My flight was delayed due to the fact that the airport was still plowing the runways. I checked into my garbage hotel and asked where I could get something to eat. The Great Dane was still open, he exclaimed. Whatever. I walked into the loneliest looking bar I had ever seen. Granted it was after midnight, but still, no one was there, the bartender was already cleaning up and the place didn't close for a couple more hours.

I asked for a menu. He said only the late night menu was available. I discovered that meant an assortment of cheeses done various ways. Do you like fried cheese balls? How about boiled cheese curds? Mac and Cheese? Get the idea? I didn't realize this was Wisconsin, cheese, dairyland, etc. Okay, so I am slow sometimes, it was cold. Anyway, I ordered the Mac and Cheese. They must have felt that the carb quotient was not high enough, so they threw a soft pretzel on top. ??? The pretzel was the best part of the dish. This is a brewery. So I figured, I needed a beer. I told the bartender to surprise me. He was not in the mood. He wanted to know what kind of beer did I like. I told him Heinekin. He presented me a shot glass of something, asked me to taste it. Oh yeah, beer. Let's be honest, beer is beer. I know, there are some that claim to know differences, like wine, sure. Beer is beer and wine is wine. You might swirl that stuff in your mouth and tell me about the oaky flavor, but that is as believable as the person who smokes a cigar and talks about the chocolate undertones. Eat a chocolate cigar, there are chocolate undertones. If you want a runny bowl of garlicky macaroni and cheese topped with a pretzel, this is the place!
the beer is definitely the saving grace here. we tried a good chunk of the beers on the menu including the crop circle wheat, one of the porters, the landmark lite and a seasonal gingerbready ale called merry isthmus (clever, eh?). i thought all of the beers were great; i even liked the cask conditioned ale despite my affinity for ice cold beer. i'm pretty sure all the beers were in 'higher octane' category because all 3 of us seemed to leave fairly tipsy.

the place is huge, and though i didn't explore every room, i am fairly certain this is someplace i do NOT want to be when school is in session. it was already a little louder than i might have liked.
A brew pub with a "master brewer" in residence. Seasonals are worth a try.

I ate my average burger at lunch while the brewer walked his latest creation around to the staff. As a brewer myself, I was 'green with envy' as every new batch is like a new baby, and the first tasting has the magic of holding that newborn baby in your arms.

The blond dining waitress was a sweet girl next door stunner and the bartender was a regular joe. My kinda pub.

Tons of unoccupied regulation pool tables (properly swept) and where else can you get a "Wanna bone" T-shirt and play it off as a 'big dog' innuendo.

Next time I come back I'll get a 'to-go' container and test the TSA on their 3oz policy.
Food is pretty fucking good.  They do a decent burger, and the nachos are great.  Enough for two - easily.  Forgetting the beer part of the menu, this place is like TGI Friday's but with class, not packed with families, but with yuppies (or whatever passes for a yuppy in Madison).  

Beer is pretty fucking good two.  It's a brew pub, so there are a bajillion different kinds on tap.  They've even got traditional cask ale, which is just like normal beer but served warm and flat.  Just like they did it back in the day.  You know, before fucking electricity was invented and everyone died from lame ass diseases.

The prices are not pretty fucking good.  It's $4.50 a pint.  That sucks.  And they don't have cheap ass beers on tap, so if you're a broke as student and want to mix it up a bit to save a few bucks, well - you're fucked.  

Also, for that pretty fucking good burger, prepare to pay like 10 bucks.
A big menu and most of the food is pretty solid. They brew their own beer on site, and my favorites are the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale and Crop Circle Wheat. This is a good place to take a big group of people and is in a cool historic building. I highly recommend eating on the patio, it's really nice.
For a pub, the Dane has some pretty good vegetarian options, clearly marked on their menu.  I enjoy the falafel sandwich and the peanut stew.  The mac and cheese, hot pretzels, and beer bread are also great comfort food options on those Wisconsin winter evenings. The veggie burgers USED to be great, but they've been replaced by Boca patties; the buns have similarly gone downhill from fresh to a more commercial substitute. 

My beer-loving friends praise the Dane's beers, but I am not a beer drinker so I can't appreciate it.  The cocktails are mediocre.  I've also heard good things about the Sustain-a-burger (I think that's what it's called), but being vegetarian, I haven't tried it myself.

The desserts are tasty, but I'm usually too full after my meal to have them.

The Dane's patio garden in back is beautiful.  Ask to sit outside if the weather is pleasant.
We  visited the Great Dane on a Sunday approximately at 1 PM.  We were greeted by a hostess who told us that we were not allowed to order off of the main menu, and that we could only order off of the late night menu on account of the fact that they have a Sunday Buffet (she didn't bother to try to sell the buffet).  The place looks great and the Great Dane seems to have some cachet in the greater Madison area.  We were seated and promptly served by a capable waitress, Michelle.  She took my beer order, and promptly returned with the beer in a dirty glass.  She was cheerful about replacing it.  She then took our order, which consisted mostly of pub burgers and deep fried cheese.  The fried cheese was fairly obviously some frozen product, and was mediocre at best for about 8 DOLLARS!  The pub burgers came shortly thereafter.  It was pointless of Michelle to ask how we wanted our burgers, because they all arrived well done (I wanted mine medium rare).  The fries were good, but not great.  The beer (German Pils), although made on site, was stale and flat.  

The place is nice, clean, and the waitress was good.  Unfortunately for the waitress, she was the only server in the entire section and was quite frazzled.

Further, we had to climb a huge flight of stairs to get to the door - which wouldn't be bad in the summer, but the stairs were not shoveled and VERY dangerous.  DON"T TAKE ELDERLY PEOPLE ON THESE STAIRS!

The food seemed to be right out of the Sysco food service catalog, the management was obviously poor, and the beer wasn't good enough to make the trip another time.

Don't bother.  Go somewhere else.  Food was very pricey for what you get.
Fuck.
This growler from last week's jaunt is really great.
I guess if you get a growler of Crop Circle Wheat and let it sit in your fridge for a week it gains potency.
Every time I come to Madison, I make a point of having the buffalo burger... YUM!  I haven't had a pint here that I didn't like yet!
Solid.  Lots of people.  Good beer.  I actually like the wheat, which is weird...  No complaints, would come back anytime.
This is my favorite place to eat.  If I could afford to I'd eat there 7 days a week!  My favorites are the Brats N Mash, Chicken Pot Pie, Pan seared Buffalo wings, there Cuban and Reuban sandwhiches and the Brat N Pretzel Bacon Burger which might kill you but it's to die for so it's worth it and boy could I go on and pretty much list the entire menu minus salads and wraps and that stuff.  I went with my brothers kids and tasted their chicken nuggets and even those were excellent.  Top it off with one of their amazing beers and it's the perfect place to eat.
Why in the world would someone review a restaruant and pub when they only visited it at closing hour?  NOT ALL BEERS ARE EQUAL!  Great Dane follows the German purity law for brewing and you can tell.  The Pecks Pilsner is 100% better than Heineken.
I had driven up from Chicago for business and was in Madison for the day.  The pub was right next to my hotel (Candlewood Suites) and I was looking to grab a bite to eat back in my hotel room.  I drove over (but could actually walk) to the place.  I had to look for the entrance since I drove over and parked in the strip mall parking lot.  The pub was up two flights of stairs if you park in the strip mall parking lot therefore you had to look for the entrance.  (After going up the stairs I realized there was a parking lot in the back that led right into the restaurant.  A little stair climbing is good if you don't have any medical issues.)

I ordered a Southwestern Cobb salad it was pretty good.  I didn't like the roasted peppers and the guacamole dressing but it was fresh and big.  I ended up buying some ranch at the grocery store and used that.  It was tasty, usually I like balsamic vinaigrette but the salad did not have Gorgonzola cheese (WI Cheddar) so I had to go with it.

The place was clean, inviting and had late hours which is welcomed on a Sunday night.  They even had free games/Wii and happy hour.

I would come back and get beer and one of the heartier dishes when I return for business.
I was in Madison for a 2-day business trip and decided to come here for dinner. It was the best meatloaf I've ever eaten. In fact, I liked it so much that I ate here again the next day before going off to catch my plane.
My only complaint about the Great Dane Brewing company is that it made me miss my college days. 
This is a wonderful little eatery that has nice, laid back vibe to it. Our server was wonderful and made sure that our beer glasses were full. 
There is a beautiful outdoor seating area in the back and a beautifully decoded indoor area. 
We had the boneless wing appetizer. The portions were generous and the sauce (while not hot) was quite tasty. 
The burger that I had was juicy and delicious. The next time we are in Madison, we will be sure to stop back in.
After spending a ridiculous amount of time searching for a restaurant that apparently didn't exist, we stumbled into the Great Dane exhausted, peeved and borderline crazed. 

Almost like they sensed this, we were shown the way to a darling outdoor patio and brought us 2 of the Black Earth Porter, which was a super dark, rich beer that really hit the spot. 

So then I order a cup of the Chicken Peanut Soup. Nice balance of peanut vs the other ingredients and enough flavour to stop my peanut craving that day. Then I went and ordered the fish tacos (which I do have one gripe about - don't list them on your menu as $2.50 each and then when I ask for 2 say "oh its a minimum of three". That's really stupid. At least change the menu to say "$7.50 for three and $2.50 each additional!") 

Anyway the fish tacos were lovely, very fresh, full of cilantro and plump white fish. They also come with 2 sauces, a chipotle BBQ (which was too sweet and kind of overpowered the fish) and a habanero hellfire sauce. Can I get a "HOT DAMN!" for that sauce! Because, yeah, its pretty friggin hot! You have to know that I put the whole cup of sauce onto one taco, in a dimly lit area of the patio around 9 at night. Had I not been someone who eats incredibly hot peppers on a pretty regular basis, this sauce might have knocked me unconcious from the shock of how spicy it was. So bewarned! But I might come back just for that sauce, that's how freakin awesome it was. 

A fantastic find - almost glad we couldnt find that other place!  I'll be back!
I'm laughing as I write this as I've just come from this bar and had a great time! Great Dane Pub and Brewing is the kind of bar that I would make my neighborhood joynt if it was in my neighborhood. 

Great Dane has been in business since 1994 and is the first brewery to open in Madison since 1966. The building is amazing (you know me and my love for old buildings!)- it is split between a Queen Ann style and a Victorian brick both looking to be from the early to mid 1800's. There is a historic plaque outside that explains that this was once a fine hotel in Madison. The remodeling showcases the interior brick walls, a mahogany bar and a rathskeller in which the beer is made. But the coolest spot? An outdoor garden with brick pavers and up lighting makes this one of the best al fresco dining areas in the city. 

The bartender took care of me until my friends arrived- offering me samples of their local brewed goodness cuz I couldn't make up my mind. He knew all along just what I would like (sorry Dave- should have listened to you from the start!) 

We moved to a table with the gang arrived and had some tasty appetizers and burgers. When in Wisconsin- do as they do so everything we had was laden with cheese- deep fried cheese curds, nachos buried in cheese and meat and even a cheddar melt burger with onions and cheese. Now this was calorie worthy grub! 

Like playing pool or shuffleboard? They've got your game! And there is live music (so I am told) Thursday through Sunday. The staff is friendly and quick- keeping the beers flowing and the food coming. 

Dinner for 6 was around $80. Cheap, cheap cheap. But fun. 

And the best news of all? Walking distance from the hotel (although there is a parking garage next door) You can bet the next time I am in Madison- the Great Dan Pub will be on my list to visit!
Great ol' time atmosphere. Great mix of people. GREAT BEER!
Pub food but large portions and decent quality.  I've never had BAD food there but I've never been overly impressed.  Its like a chain but a little better.  

As for the beer, I'll disagree with most and say overall its just 'ok'.  Most of the beers are way too sweet for me.  You can feel the sugar in your system after you leave.  

Good for groups, clean, great patios and has good energy.  Solid three stars which is one more than I would give a comparable local chain like TGI Fridays.
I've been going to the Great Dane for nearly 15 years, and that includes time spent living outside of WI. Whenever I'd return "home," even if just for a day or two, I always made it a point to grab a pint and some grub from the Dane.

Not sure what to add... The beers are decent, but I do agree that most are too sweet, and most are a touch on the flat side. 

The food has always been excellent. I'm a huge fan of the fish and chips... So yummy. I've also had the burgers, brats, chicken, and a few salads. All have been great.

Service is typically excellent, even when the place is jam-packed. Good service means a lot, and the Dane consistently delivers.

Go with friends, sit outside, sample the beers, and try the fish and chips. You'll enjoy it!
These beers are impressive. Most get above average ratings on Beer Advocate, including the two I sampled: Potter's Run IPA and the Devil's Lake Reed Lager. And they offer a ton on draft, including staples, seasonal and specialty brews.

The space is fun. Plenty of pool tables (by the hour!) and shuffleboard. 

We didn't eat, so this rating is for the beer and bar only.
I'm not particularly keen on their beer, but then again, I've not drank there in a while. However, this place serves some pretty damn tasty food and I have to say that they have the best damn Reuben sandwich I've had in Madison. Friends of mine have recommended the steak and they make them fairly decent if I remember right. Their burgers and nachos seem pretty popular around, but I've not had a chance to try them out fully yet.

The atmosphere is nice for a bar, not ridiculously noisy or trashy, yet pretty fun to be around.

Will need to go there more often before I can give a full review.
Each Great Dane location consistently has the worst service in Madison. On a recent trip, we waited 45 minutes for a table (which is typical, so we didn't mind) but then once we were seated, the waiter didn't come over and great us for nearly 20 minutes. This is after we had asked the hostess if we even had a waiter. On a different occasion, our appetizer was forgotten. The slowest service ever as well.

They're lucky their food is so good and beer excellent. But don't come hungry because you will be waiting for awhile.
I'm often in Madison for training and have always been looking for a place that I wouldn't find in Chicago. This is the place.

At first glance, I expected a Goose Island experience: good brews but mediocre pub food. Fortunately, this was not the case. The menu reads like a daily newspaper and after further inspection, this place was legit. It offered typical burgers and pub fare but start throwing in entrees like Cedar Planked Chive Buttered Salmon and Tandoori Chicken and you are just sucking up to the teacher! I ordered Mad City Mama's BBQ Meatloaf as the main entree and the Beer Battered Cheese Curds for starters. The Cheese Curds were just overglorified mini mozzarella sticks and were ok. The meatloaf however? Just like Big Mama alright! Okkkaaaaay! It was very delicious.

Another reason why the place is great to visit are their sampler packs where you can choose from 4 to 10 four oz samples of their brews. I got the ten pack, which was probably bad because I must have looked like that man who had a baby with all the food and beer.

Overall, a great experience. Too legit, too legit to quit. Hay haaaayyy! (No, I am not drunk while I'm writing this).
My gf and I stopped by the Great Dane on Saturday around 4.  We waited about 10 -15 minutes after getting seated and I had to alert the hostess that we hadn't seen our waitress (- 1 star).  I tried the Emerald Isle Stout and Black Earth Porter.  Both were very smooth but I thought the stout had more flavor so I opted for a pint.  Very good.  We had the pretzels (3 pieces) for an appetizer.  Not much to say about pretzels but watch out for the yellow mustard.  It is loaded with horse radish so it has a delayed kick to it.  Good, but a little goes a long way.  The other red mustard had a berry flavor to it and was a good compliment to the yellow mustard.  My gf had the black and tan cheddar burger and although messy to eat, was ok.  I had the meatloaf and while the meatloaf was ok, the mashed potatoes tasted like they were left over from the day before.  I liked the stout so much I picked up a growler to go (1/2 gallon).  Overall I'd say the Great Dane is worth a try if you are in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit.
Love the Great Dane. Celebrated many fun occasions there. I'm not a huge fan of the local brews they offer, but the atmosphere and great food are so worth it. A Madison must.
up a hill, down a hill, up a hill, down a hill, along a lake, along another lake, up the capitol stairs, down the capitol stairs, through the arboretum (drive, trails, and all)
I need a beer and some cheese curds pronto!!!
Maybe this review is slightly affected by the fact that we were both starving and had been talking about all the beer we were looking forward to trying...but the cheese curds, the portabella sandwich, the sausage platter (i hear) and the four beers we tried were all phenomenal.
Sir - 

I am a fan of your hefeweizen. I don't know its name, nor do I have any recollection of how much it cost.  But I could care less about the latter issue because it was amazing and worth however many pennies I spent on it.  Please send me a case of it at your earliest convenience. 

Best,
Cadence
Good... not mind blowing.
Beer was probably the best part of it, and it's cool you could get it at Mallards games.

Not overwhelmingly amazing, though. I once won a $40 gift certificate and forgot to redeem it. Was not disappointed. Might be a sign.
The Dane is always a great fall back when every other restaurant is packed; or when you crave some delicious pub grub! The food is typical Wisconsin cuisine but definitely above average. They brew their own beers, so depending on the season can differ, but are equally delicious. not to mention you can buy a jug of it to take home with you.
As with all restaurant around/near the square The Dane can fill up quickly on Friday/Saturday evenings. But the wait isn't terribly bad, especially if you can muscle up to the bar and satisfy your thirst while waiting.
Good bar food and micro brew beer. I had a brown ale and the catfish sandwich both were delightful. Nice building.
Don't miss out on the beer bread and honey butter. Great variety on the menu. I could  have easily gone overboard. Shared a Margarita Pizza - the crust wasn't my favorite, kind of thick, a little doughy  -- so the pizza didn't rock my world, but there are other great entrees on the menu that I'm dying to go back and try.
i'm a fan of the devil's lake red lager, which was surprisingly flat & bitter on my last visit. food's just okay--fried cheese curds, chicken wings & nachos were typical, burger a disappointment. that being said, i always somehow end up here, and i like it. it's probably been my most visited bar since moving to madison this past summer, so i kinda just dig it's familiarity. bartenders & staff are cute & helpful. capital square location makes the crowd less young & douchey. nice to have a new go to bar when you move, and this place will surely keep me bloated & tipsy.
Good location, Good food with big portions.  If that is what you want, then this is your place.  They have a good selection of beer and appetizers as well.

The beer bread and honey butter were good, but the bread seemed a bit dry.   I could have eaten the whole container of butter though... glad I didn't.

I wish I had the self control to not order the burger with a brat patty on top, and bacon on top, on a pretzel bun.   It was delicious on so many levels... but my stomach was angry with me for that.
This place is legit.  It was open on a Sunday night when Madison was closed across the street.  Come here instead!

There are sweet leather couches to sit on, a long bar, pool tables and i believe there are regular tables as well.  There are big screen TVs to watch games on.  The music and sound system are solid.  Played mostly hits from the nineties.  Real nice.

The atmosphere is laid back cool.  The service is attentive and not pushy.  

I order their Oktoberfest beer.  It was good.  I also ordered fries and they were hot and crispy and delicious.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDATIONS.
I've been to two branches of Great Dane for lunch,Downtown And Hilldale Mall,both good.I remember lunch at Hilldale being particularly good.Surprisingly they have outstanding onion soup.I was also impressed by the steamed bratwurst .The beer is solid if not that memorable.
I had the fish fry and beer sampling here, so i can only review based on the quality of the food and not how great of a place this is to come after a couple of drinks for a late night snack. The fish here was on the greasy side and the batter was not well seasoned. All in all, this restaurant served a forgettable fish fry.

However, the beer selection here was not so bad. The atmosphere of the restaurant was also nice, with a pub type feel too it. 

All in all, satisfactory beer selection with forgettable food, a place to be trashed and snack and get more trashed.
Was here last night as it was close to our hotel and we were in town for the game.
It was very nice inside, clean and definitely my type of atmosphere.
We were exhausted after the game, so didn't head back out until almost 9 to grab something to eat.  It was a little louder than I usually like it to be when I'm tired and out for dinner, but it was 9 pm on a Saturday night, so should definitely be expected.
Other than that, the place was great.  I loved the menu, there were about 10 things I wanted to try.
But what I did have was great, the hot buffalo wings were AWESOME.  and the Macaroni and Cheese Pizza (I was super curious, as this isn't generally something found on a pizza) was very good as well.  
Beer - great and the service was very good as well.
I will definitely go back the next time I'm in town.
Ambiance: kinda had the English pub thing going on
Beverages: I don't drink so the rootbeer was the highlight for me, but if you are a beer drinker they have a ton to choose from
Food: I had the chicken pot pie... it was pretty good... my wife had the beer can chicken, not too impressed there
Service: good
Yummy pub-style food. Beer flights so that you can sample their many wares. The place is enormous. It would be a little hard to hear if you're trying to have a serious conversation, but otherwise, it's a crowd-pleaser.
This place was so packed on a Friday night we have to wait an hour and half for a table. No, we didn't show up at 8 p.m. we strolled in around 5:30.

We bought some drinks while we waited for our table but they were way too expensive. We played some pool while we waited but it was too crowded to get a good shot off. We finally left after two hours because our table wasn't ready and the other group we came with had been seated and started eating.

Don't go late at night.
I went to Madison for training and had to get out into the city a little bit and see what Madison is all about.  My original plan was to go to some Irish pub down the street from the hotel until I got in the van with 3 others going to Great Dane.  Couldn't have been happier to be a follower.

The service was decent enough.  It was really busy and we could have been tended too a bit more but the waitress was ridiculously cute so i'll let it slide.  The brats and mash (pictured) are to die for.  The sauerkraut was interestingly sweet, the brats and mash potatoes perfect.  I had to slow my eating so i could drag it out as long as possible.  Being a microbrewery they also had some very passable beer.  I'd suggest the nut brown.  Ambiance was nice, pick your poison, open bar side or dining room.  The cellar bathroom route gives you a nice view of the brew setup and sort of gives the place character.  Great location down by the capitol building.  Get out and walk around and take it in.

Remember to steal a menu.  They are really unique newspaper read all about it brats and mash style.  I ganked one for myself and a beer coaster for the collection.
I have been to the Great Dane for dinning and for just drinking on several occasions. I love the layout of the building and the decor. The Dane burger is great. I also enjoy the meatloaf. If you just want appetizers I recommend the nachos, soft pretzels and artichoke dip! Of course you can't forget the beer sampler!
I was angry at the Dane for a long time because their brew pub fare just isn't that good, especially the fries (which I consider nigh unforgivable). For the regular dependables, I honestly think Granite City in the mall delivers better. 

The key to the Dane is enjoying the more diverse and/or exciting menu options. Read another way: if there's an analogous dish at Granite City, it's probably better than at the Dane. 

Now, there are two big pluses:
1) You can get freaking PLANTAINS with your sandwich.
2) Free refills on house made root beer and cream soda (boy do I have a story about that).
You really can't go wrong eating or drinking here. Everything I've tried on the menu has been delish. They have a dish that is a grilled chicken kebab that comes with fresh grilled veggies and Israeli couscous, oh man, it's tasty. In the summer time they have really nice patio seating. They also have nightlife! A great DJ and pool tables upstairs, with a full bar. Enjoy!
I think the Dane is a decent place. They have good beer and decent food. 

The best thing about the Great Dane is the artichoke dip. It tastes like heaven. The Dane Burger is also delicious, but that's because it has artichoke dip on it. They have very tasty fries. 

I've had their root beer a couple of times and every time I drink it, it just gets worse. I don't know... maybe it's my taste buds. I really like their beers, though. They have other beers that aren't from their brewery, too, if you're like my mom and only drink Miller products out of a bottle (weird, I know). 

Anyway, the Great Dane is great for groups and a good time, but their food could be better.
Was in Madison on business on a Tuesday night and stumbled upon this place. Definitely recommend it. The menu was in an adorable newspaper format. Great cheese curds (which I was told I had to try while in WI) and an interesting twist on mac 'n' cheese. The cream soda was to die for!!
This is a nice location that is never too crowded. I only had beer and played shuffleboard here. The crop circle wheat is my favorite! There was not a crowd for the shuffleboard, so we got to play for hours. I like it that the movie theatre is close by, making this great dane an ideal before or after spot.
Great fish fry! I love the beer! It's usually packed enough to have a healthy buzz, but it's never too packed. In nice weather, there's a patio where you can sit outside. While the view isn't of anything more than a mall, it's still nice to sit out in the sun...especially since I am writing this in January! The beer bread is always a favorite of mine too :)
Everybody has heard of the Great Dane and probably have been there with a group of friends for dinner.  The food is alright, they do a lot of things good, but nothing great.  I've never craved the food here.

The beer selection is huge and generally good.  They have many different types of beers, but nothing really stands out as a beer I need to have, or go out to have.

Night life here is kinda weird.  They sometimes have djs playing the top 40 other times there is no music at all.  So again its a place I will go to with friends but its never a place that I feel like I need to go to.  Middle of the road all the way.
The problem with the Great Dane Brewery lies in its sampler.  If you're drinking only one brew at a time, you're not likely to notice this fault.  I arrived excited by all the options so decided to try 8 samples of GD Beer.  Each beer tasted watered now and strongly sour.  This was very disappointing.  A brewery should put its efforts into brewing quality beer, Great Dane does not.
CHACH.  As in this place is full of them.  I don't know how the Great Dane ended up getting the way it is now, but it's really tiring everytime I go there and encounter the same idiocy.

As usual, I'll start out with what's good.  The Great Dane has a downstairs outside seating area that is enclosed from the nearby streets which is absolutely fantastic in the summertime.  If you do decide to make a visit to the Dane based on the reviews here, please sit down in the grotto.  The environment is very relaxing and I love how it's downtown yet sequestered away from the noise.  Some of the food choices on the menu will further your palate, and you may even find one you consider "appealing."

But that's all the good news you'll hear from me about the Dane.  Onto the bleak.  First off, the clientele and staff couldn't be more annoying.  Generally on a weekend night the bar is packed, usually with a ton of frat or ex-frat looking college kids, dressed up preppy and filling the place with conversation that nobody wants to hear.  The beer is highly overrated; they might make their own but it's all the same thick, bland, overpriced garbage IMO.  The staff is generally inattentive and getting a spot at the shuffleboard or pool tables can sometimes require an arduously long wait. 

I'm not someone who's a one-and-done type, so trust me I've been to the Dane enough times to have a researched opinion of the place.  While my review might sound biased or close-minded, I can say there's at least 2-3 other friends of mine that share similar dislikes.  If your an ex-frat boy/girl or you happen to stumble across a dish you can't live without, then by all means go nuts.  Otherwise pass on this severely overrated restaurant.

The Fitchburg and Hilldale locations aren't any better IMO, but they at least have a slightly different clientele.
The Great Dane encompases most of the things I miss about Wisconsin..

1) Great "homebrew" style beer (particularly of the wheat variety)
2) Good ole midwestern food...Beer Can Chicken anyone??
3) Cheap Cheap Cheap. Of course I will stuff my face silly with 2 beers, an appetizer, and a huge meal all for $13 :)
4) AMAZING company and welcoming atmosphere....

Madison, I would move back to you in a heartbeat if it wasnt for those 6+ month long winters and below zero temperatures :(
Why? Why have you never in however many years of really good business fixed that nasty basement women's bathroom? Every toilet's stained and nicked and falling over. The doors don't lock. The stalls have all kinds of unidentifiable hardened goo. The place has been painted 13 times, like a bad omen to permanent uncleanliness.

What's so frustrating about their bathroom is that their food's actually good. But, their crappy bathrooms have kept me from going there many a time.

Why You Should Be Embarrassed to Own this Place: Business sense includes recognizing the need to maintain the upkeep of your establishment. If you can't buy new toilets and get some new stalls for the ladies, then you're a dumba-- and don't deserve my business.
Really good oriental chicken salad with a huge slice of sourdough bread. Asian dressing is very good with a nice kick. Nice portions, good price and fast service at the bar during lunch.

Also has an amazingly good Sunday brunch buffet! Tons of options of which all is good quality. Yo wont leave hungry, thats for sure. Upscale setting that feels like a wedding reception. Busy but not too bad. More expensive but well worth it for higher quality foods.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! I can't think of any reason to give Great Dane anything less than 5 stars. Traditional pub food, sprinkled with the occasional surprise- the African peanut stew is to die for. And the Big 10 Veggie burrito- the single best burrito I've ever tasted, and that's saying a lot considering I lived in Arizona for 5 years!

The Doty St. location in the summer is ideal...counting the days until I can enjoy a Cherry Ale on the patio!!
i go back and forth on this place. sometimes i love it, sometimes i hate it. the food is consistently decent and the beer is good.

the downtown location is hands down my favorite of all three because it has the most character, not to mention one of the coolest beer gardens i've ever seen. but despite how huge this place is, it gets packed, usually with unsavory characters (read: brahs and trixies). 

we made the mistake of making this our new year's eve 2009 destination because of the central location. we got there early enough to snag a table, eat and not pay a cover, so that was cool. the dj set up and started playing an eclectic mix of stuff. so far so good, right? 

then things went downhill fast. suddenly the place was packed beyond capacity, and the dj started playing lady gaga. a friend and i went outside for a cigarette and were assured by the bouncer that we would get back in... and then couldn't. because they were past capacity. even though we were wearing wrist bands and had been sitting at a table for hours. after enough bitching to the right people, the manager let us in the back door.

moral of the story: don't go here late, and don't go here to celebrate a party holiday. otherwise it's mostly alright.
I am a beer fan.  The dog bone sampler of all the beers is great to bring friends who are visiting Madison to give them a good experience.  It's very open and has a lot of space.   All the food I've had there is fantastic and some are healthy too!
I'm not sure where these pictures r from. That being said, went to Mad Town for Easter weekend 'cause the kids r all home with mommy & daddy, so mainly just those of us that actually love spring on the isthmus r still chillin.  I used to love going to this place, so i went back.  Nice move on my part. I stayed on the adult side since little man is with grandparents ;-)  To much fun, no more yankkie my.... wait. Food, pool tables, bars, TVs, floor, bathrooms, bartenders all updated.  Went back for Easter brunch, lunch? not sure what time i made it back to see if I had dreamed it all.  Did I mention the bartenders?  Cypress Hill on Juke, hits from the ..... wait. I love to eat things that once moved, went for veggie selection per super loverly bartenders suggestion.  Did I mention the Bartenders? They rivaled any Downtown supper hottie, with no attitude.  I totally over tipped them all, even the dude was cool
Great Madison standard. They know how to treat their regulars well and most of the bartenders are top notch, even on the busy weekend nights. Good diverse crowd on the weekends, pleasantly void of too young college kids. Very good food, with plenty of options. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but they make a great stout in house or have a few Scotch Ales if you want to stumble outta there. A Madtown favorite.
fabulous! the quality of the food and the service was exceptional! i was happily surprised to find vegetarian options on the menu--not just your run-of-the-mill fettuccine alfredo or house salad, but tasty italian and mexican dishes! i highly recommend the vegetarian portobello bake...and the crop circle wheat beer! :)
This place was good.  It is the typical "nice restraunt & brewery."   Similar to that of Rock Bottom for you Chicagoans or Big River for you Nashvillians.  Seeing as this is a college town, your waiting staff will most likely be an attendee of the school or one who has failed out and decided to live the rest of their life on a college campus refusung to give up the lifestyle.  Nice staff, Smiling faces.

Came in just in time to grab a beer before happy hour ended.  Got the red ale.  Very tasty,  Seeing as how this brought me out of happy hour specials, I decided to get the 10 beer flight since I am not from the area and didn't have time to dilly daly.  I strongly suggest getting flights when you are trying new beers.  It usually ends up being a deal and you can decide on a nesting beer.

Got the meatloaf for dinner.  It was awesome.  If you ever want to judge a kitchen, go for the meatloaf.  Delicious greenbeans that were steamed and mashed potatoes.  Completed me.  After this meal I pretty much instantly went to sleep.  It seemed they have an outdoor beer garden as well, Bam!

If I come back to Madison, I will probably stop in.
My son loves this place and goes to all 3 locations in Madison. I found it noisy, crowded, and noticed the sticky floors on the way to the bathroom. My food here was beer can chicken, much less tasty (skin was slimy wet) than we make ourselves at home. This place was less than I expected based on the many good reviews, and especially my son's otherwise good taste.
Great Beers! Their outdoor sitting area is great on sunny day.
This place deserves a response to a lowly two-star review from my dad, Michael H.  The only part of his review to take note of is my good taste.

Yes, it might be crowded, and yes it WILL be noisy.  The floors will probably be sticky.

BUT, this is a Wisconsin micro-brew pub!!!  I'd be shocked if it wasn't ever crowded and noisy.  The beer is great, and they add new seasonal offerings enough to keep even the regulars trying new beers.  Try the crop circle wheat or their porter.  Growlers to go is also a nice way to save some cash.  The food is actually pretty diverse and satisfying.  The fish fry and burger served on a pretzel roll are both well-done and remind you that you're in Wisconsin.  The beer bread is fresh, and the honey butter it comes with is tasty.

Yet another thing I like about the great dane is the entertainment it offers.  Shuffleboard.  Where else can you play shuffleboard?!  I love that game.  They also have pool, darts, and some deer hunting games for those pure-bred wisconsonites that can't go 20 minutes without shooting an animal.  All games are free on sundays.  Happy hour deals are nice as well.

Enjoy the homemade beer with some friends over a game.
Excellent food, amazing beer, and a perfect place to start a night or grab a post-farmers' market/pregame/afterwork meal in Madison.  My ideal Dane dinner features the chicken nachos, big ten burrito, and an APA on the side.
Loved the food, the beer, and the outdoor patio.  

Can't wait to be back to Madison to go for some great beer and a good time at Great Dane!
Before leaving Madison for the long drive back to Minneapolis, my wife and I had lunch at the Great Dane. Truth is, we planned our weekend so that it's the last thing we'd do before leaving Mad City. 

Part of our enthusiasm for this restaurant is the patio dining. So we were counting on nice weather. The weather cooperated, and we had a nice, comfortable table in the cool, shady patio. The ambiance is so pleasant that we just couldn't identify a Minneapolis restaurant that even compares. The closest would be Black Forest on Nicollet. But we don't like the food as well. 

This is a brew pub. So we both ordered a midday tap. She had a Scotch ale. I had a Pilsner. Great brews! You also can get four sampler glasses for $6. Nice way to try several of their specialties. 

For lunch, she had a burger and loved it. I couldn't resist the fish and chips. They were delicious. The menu is very extensive and creative. Lots of traditional pub items, plus a great selection of other specialty items. 

Some reviewers have complained that the place gets over-crowded. A co-worker and her husband were in Madison the same time as my wife and me. They went for a late dinner after arriving in town on Thursday. It was crowded. But for her, the energy and ambiance was appealing. So to each his own, I guess.

The trouble with a place like this is, we can't imagine a trip to Madison without a visit to Great Dane.
I've never tried their food, I'll admit it. 

I was just so psyched about the beer, and I kept trying glass after glass looking for a beer that would make me say "wow this is great!"

It never happened. Nothing registered as more than a "Meh" the whole night.
Visited on my last visit home from Hawaii.  The beer sampler was great and the nachos were huge and tasty.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere in the back garden area.  Service was also very good.  Only complaint was that they didn't have a t-shirt we wanted for a souvenir.
Best patio dining experience I have ever had.  Food delicious, atmosphere superb.
We heard about this place from our concierge desk at the hotel.  It's close to Madison square and easy to get to.  It must be a popular place for company meetings and parties since the private dining room was fully booked.  

The experience was disappointing.  They had run out of several beer selections on our visit which made the meal less attractive.  The 3 alarm buffalo wings are supposedly the  second to the hottest with the habanero being the hottest.  Everyone at the table agreed that the wings were taco bell hot and that we made a mistake by not ordering the habanero.  The beer battered cheese curds were just ok.  Beer batter is always very heavy and you really couldn't taste the cheese through the coating.

The main courses were just ok as well.  The 16oz NY strip steak was seasoned nicely and it came with large onion rings and asparagus.  $24 seemed a bit pricey for brew pub food though.  

While it was busy, we feel we didn't get the attention from our server that we should have.  This was a business dinner where we were required to get separate checks and that added more confusion to the situation. It took our server three trips to get everyone taken care of.  I get that this is a college town and that you will have high turnover, but the experience for the prices this establishment charges is just not worth it.
When in Madison you have to go to the Great Dane, right?

The beer is great.  My Stone of Scone Scotch Ale was a winner.

The Dane burger was OK.  The artichoke dip on it was interesting.

If the weather is nice, try to get a seat on the outside back patio downstairs.
Oh, Great Dane. I want to love you, I want to give you four stars, but I really cannot do it.

The establishment is a little dimly lit, but it's got enough seats for a large group and places for two people. The menu is a "newspaper"--I'm a sucker for creative restaurant-fu.

The service is great, I've never had an issue with a waiter/waitress and they respond exceptionally well to food allergies. They're fast with food for the most part and they're very quick about refills on drinks.

Speaking of drinks, I don't even bother with alcoholic beverages here--I'm not a beer drinker but if you are, try it! My roommate loved his pilsner--I get their brewed root beer. I'm a rootbeer snob and theirs is just so damn good--a great sarsaparilla taste that any good root beer should taste of. I sometimes dream about bathing in it. It is really just that good.

The food--it's good. I really, honestly can't badmouth the food. However, I've never come out of this joint without having to go to the bathroom within 45 minutes of my first bite. I'm the only one this has happened to among my friends, so I'm thinking this is just how my body responds to their food--but it is solid. I've had burgers here, salads, mac & cheese, pizza--it all does it to me. But I'll keep doing it anyways because the food is just so damn good I can get over whatever pains I'll be in.

I want to love you, Great Dane, why won't you love me?
We had just driven into Madison from Chicago, and we were starving!  Upon suggestion from a college friend of mine, we went here for dinner.  All of us were extremely excited to be in a state where cheese is an abundant ingredient, so we ordered the mac and cheese to start.  It was yummy, and perfect for sharing before our meal.  My sisters and I all got burgers and fries, which were standard -- good.  Mom got the po boy sandwich, which also tasted good, however could have used more sauce?  or something?  The sandwich was on the dry side.  But, for her side, she got fried plantains...exciting!!  They were really good (we all stole a bite).  I also had a german style beer, upon recommendation by our server, which I also enjoyed.  
Even though the food was nothing to write home about, it was good, hit the spot, and the service was timely and very friendly. 
This place looks like a fun happy hour spot.  I wish there was one in Chicago, because I would be going!
Great, unique burgers. Very busy - great atmosphere.

 They have a good list of beers to try, although no individual descriptions. The fried plantains were very good.

Great service!

A must-stop when in Madison
I'm happy that Great Dane has four stars as I see a lot of people bashing on it. Why? What are you looking for that isn't here?? They have a great, imaginative menu that knows what and where it is - a bar menu, in a bar. They have FIFTEEN handcrafted brews that are all done to perfection... if you can't find a beer out of these FIFTEEN, you just plain don't like beers, so get the heck out of a MICROBREWERY. 

Right when we sat down and saw the newspaper for a menu, we were in love. There were several items on the menu that I was absolutely pumped to try... but my boyfriend and I both wanted burgers. We had been driving all day and just wanted to sit down and have some good beer and a burger and relax. Before I get to the beer, lets just talk about these burgers....and how they made me want to move to Madison. My burger (Texarcana Burger) was amazing! It not only had BBQ sauce on it, but a bleu cheese sauce as well...plus bacon..shoestring onion rings...plus cheddar cheese (but that's a given in WI). And on the side? French fries? No. Chips? Nope. FRIED PLANTAINS! yuuuummm! What a great idea, Great Dane! Put these all together on a jalapeno bun and you get one delish and satisfying burger.

My boyfriend was brave enough to get not only a hamburger, but a hamburger topped with a brat burger..and bacon..and cheese (yes, I may have sent a picture of this to my vegan sister, just for laughs...). This was all on a pretzel roll...which I found interesting, actually had the pretzel salt on it, which most don't. This was an interesting and yummy decision on Great Dane's part. It sounds like (and is) a monstrosity, but it was a darn delicious one. My boyfriend opted for the fries and was not disappointed with those either. 

On to the beer...as this is a brewing company....
We started with a sampler. The Texas IPA was the best ..flavorful and bitter but somehow smooth.Stone of scone scotch ale was very yummy as was the organic brown and the crop circle wheat (which is saying a lot because I'm not a wheat beer drinker!). The American Pale Ale was bitter but still very drinkable and refreshing. The only beer I was disappointed in was the Red. It seemed watered down and was not my favorite (and I LOVE Red Ales). I would definitely say to skip the Red if you go try this out. There were several more beers I would have loved to sample if we didn't have more driving to do that day! 

My last note is that they have shuffleboard. Ah, shuffleboard. I've said this before and I'll say it again, shuffleboard is great and fun and all bars should have it! We stopped to play a round before we left (and snuck in another American Pale Ale). It wasn't free, but it was cheap (only $2)!

This place was huge with a nice sit down area (with wonderful air conditioning for those humid days), a great pool/shuffleboard/more bar-y area, and a really cool looking beer garden as well! 

So, to recap, great atmosphere, good service, GREAT beer and food! You can't go wrong at Great Dane...and I can't wait to go back!
Fun! Packed bar. Very good cherry ale. We only drank, but will go back to eat soon.
Love love love!

I've been here three times and have enjoyed it each time.

First of all, the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale is my favorite so far.

On the food side, I loved the Caprese/Mozzarella/Tomato salad.  I enjoyed my Mac & Cheese with plenty of leftovers.  The Peanut Stew seems different for the Great Dane, but it's satisfying, tasty, and leaves you with leftovers.

My service is occasionally slow, but it's a fun place and that doesn't seem to matter to me as much while I'm there
Local favorite. A tourist must. A college student's best friend.

Brew pubs tend to be either focus entirely on the "brew" (good beer, terrible food, even worse ambience) or on the "pub" (mundane/expected beer, amazing atmosphere.) The Great Dane successfully executes all factors necessary for local college students and alcoholics to call it home, including a killer patio, a traditional rathskeller, and beers to drive from Milwaukee to taste. 

Tri pepper beer? Yes, please. Abrikoos, a peachy, girly brew? I'll have 3. The stout is very tasty as well as the healthiest beer according to Men's Health Sept 2010 (thanks to my boyfriend and his roommate for being inefficient and each having a subscription. )

See you next happy hour, you frisky puppy.
I'd a given it 5 stars but there were a lot of peeps in there wearing hideous Badger crap!  Just kidding, its a great Brew pub with really good food.

Huge selection of beers.  I actually tried the full sampler and let me tell you 18-20 different kinds to try (I can't remember exactly how many :p) mostly all good and a few damn good (Texas IPA was great).  Stay away from the pepper beer, horrid horrid heartburn!

plenty of space as there is a great patio out back that has a great garden ambiance too it.

A must visit if ever in Madison.
Came to this place on a Thursday night with a few people. I was in town, from California, visiting for a few days and had heard a lot of good things about the Great Dane.
To start things off, I had the Crop Circle Wheat beer, which was pretty darn good. We also ordered some cheese curds, which were pretty amazing. For my entree, I had the Mad City meatloaf. It was probably one of the better meatloaves I've had in a long, long time. It was seasoned very well and the fried onions and peppers on top were a nice combination of flavor.
Crop Circle Wheat + Mad City meatloaf + cheese curds = a full tummy.
Definitely a place to check out if you're visiting. Next time I'm in town, I'm gonna have to try a few more of their brews.
Went to the Great Dane on a weeknight with a friend. It was excellent. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was laid back and easygoing. We sat out in the patio, and it was cute. We were surrounded by ivy and flowers and it made the meal a little more cozy. The prices were very inexpensive but the food is still delicious. I will definitely go back!
For a long time we kept going back because of that beautiful outdoor garden/patio. BUT, the food is just consistently very mediocre. Disappointing. Weird to me that it's such a madison staple. Go to the Old Fashioned instead...much better food, more fun (no garden though).
Fair.  I went here with my family and would not return again.

Wisconsin does much better in this category.

Try somewhere else.
Went there for dinner. Very good food, good beer also. I like when places have sampler platters for their beer. You could get anywhere from 4 to 10 4 oz beers as a sampler. We had their nachos with beef, a hamburger and the onion soup.
We go to the one on in Fitchburg.  They have three in town that I know of.  Midvale, Fitch Hatchery and the Square.  
The lunch menu is excellent.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The staff has always been very friendly and helpful.  
The atmosphere is very pleasant and the beer is excellent.
Prices are inexpensive.
I have heard criticisms about the dinner menu but have only had one dinner and it was very good at Midvale.
Always room for improvement but this place gets close to a five.  They need some "Wow" entrees and bring back that salad with fish and don't charge for extra dressing.  This practice is so cheap.  Also, Tea should be bottomless.  Don't charge me for a second tea bag.
Is my favorite restaurant really a brewpub in Madison? YES!  I have never had something I don't like (the artichoke and cheese dip is a must).  I also love the dark wood atmosphere and the house brewed beers.  And the fact that it is in one of my favorite cities in America.  I always come here when in Wisconsin.
My first trip to Wisconsin, a good friend of mine picked me up from the airport and took me straight here.  She knows what I like!

It's right in the middle of downtown Madison, great spot, the building has alot of character.  As soon as we walked in I was hit full in the face with the overwhelming smell of hops.  I immediately knew I would like it here!

We were sat right away and I went straight for their Octoberfest.  This was just how it should taste.  Well balanced with malt and hops, good clean finish, I had to have 2.  My friend introduced me to fried cheese curds, and the only thing that stopped me from finishing them off was the arrival of my entree.  On our servers suggestion, I went with the brat plate. Mashed potatoes, house-made slaw, no buns, just the most tender, juiciest brats I have ever had!  The slaw had raisens in it, which I religiously avoid, so I couldn't eat too much of it.  I don't hold that against them.  After lunch, I went ahead and tried a scottish ale, this was also great, but the Octoberfest was the better beer.  I ended up buying two growlers, one for my friend and one for my hotel room. :)

The service was fast and friendly, and the place was very warm and inviting.  I don't know when I'll be back in Madison, but when I do, I will be making another trip here!
One of my favorite places downtown to go.  Never had a bad experience here.  Very comfortable, fun, casual atmosphere.

Love all of their beers. The Cropped Circle Wheat and Stone of Scone Scotch Ale are my two favorites. 

Typically when my roommate and I come here we just order beer and nachos and whip out our cribbage board. Then we'll just drink and play for like three hours.  Fun fun!
I was in town from St. Louis. My friend brought me here knowing what a beer fan I am. I had the Brats, they were fantastic. It came with mashed potatoes and some cinnamon apples, they were equally as fantastic. 

And since they are a brewery I had to have some beers as well. Excellent!!! If I lived in Madison I would be a regular here as much as I am Schlafly in St. Louis.
Blech.  The menu is expansive, but many of the items are simply not very good.  It's clear that some changes have been made to accomodate the drinking crowd, which is fine, but a recent visit there is most likely our last.  The beer remains the attraction, but it's not a strong enough pull, I'm afraid.
The Great Dane is somewhere fun to go with a group of friends. They have a large selection of food, which is usually pretty good. They brew their own beers, which are always quite popular among the guys (I am not a beer drinker...) In the lower lever they have pool tables, shuffle board and other various games to keep you entertained. Overall a fun spot to go to.
I love me a turkey burger and this was a good one. I recommend getting it with the pretzel bun. Good food, good beer, great times in the bar after dinner.
Took our family on a Thursday afternoon. Kids meals are good and are very reasonably priced.  DH thoroughly enjoyed the burger brat on a pretzel bun. I loved the Chicken Peanut Stew. Falafel wrap I got was tasty but dry.  We had beer sampler and agreed that Black Earth porter, Stout, and Crop Circle Wheat were best. 
Waiter was very uncharismatic, but the place has a character of its own.
This location of the Great Dane is OK but not great.... Went here for a quick beer with my buddy on 3 occasions and we just weren't really enjoying it. We wanted to play some pool but it cost some outrageous amount just to get the pool balls, I don't even remember the exact amount but it was obnoxious. It is always way too crowded and never anywhere to sit the bartenders have been very condescending each time we have been there and its just all-around not a very unique place. THIS particular location. Which it should be, being on the downtown loop near the capital.
Guess it's about time for me to write a review about this place.

Don't know much what to say though. It's got good food. It's got good beer. It's got shuffleboard.

I'm a big fan of their soup and sandwich combination, if I'm in the mood for something lighter. I usually get the tomato soup with the chicken salad sandwich. I also love the chicken pot pie (mmm, comfort food). Cheese curds - I have to say are not my favorite in Madison; too much breading. I'd say similar for their burgers - good but not the best. Loaded fries and spinach/artichoke dip are both tasty appetizers.

Service: always friendly.
Environment: It's nice that the bar is very separate from the restaurant. Makes it nicer to just have drinks or to have dinner.
Yummy food and friendly, attentive servers. It's neat that they brew their own beer and their menu is set up like a newspaper.  The outdoor patio is also neat, doesn't feel like you're downtown because it's secluded and below street level

Sometimes I eat myself sick here because it's tasty and the servings are huge. I like the beers, and it's a fun place to play darts or pool too. Once in a while they have live music which is always a bonus. This location does not have brunch, but otherwise the menu is identical to other locations.
I love not only the hand crafted beer at Great Dane,but the beer as well.  This location is great for both dinner and a night on the town.
I wish they had one in L.A. I  LOVE this place they have the best cheese curds hand down .. Great Dane has good beer and good food .... It takes comfort food from ALL around the world and slaps it onto one menu ... My favorites are the peanut stew - its AMAZING , the pretzel with that crazy horseradish mustard, their cheese curds (DUH)
Let's just say, my mouth is watering from all these reviews.  Especially about the Brats and mash. Last time I went, my brother ordered just that and it was delicious. I ordered the fish (it was Friday, i had to!) 

This place is great for the typical college student or older adult. Don't be fooled by this place and think you just have to order a hamburger, because after all, isn't that what brew pubs are all about...bar food? some beer and a burger? NO. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure the burgers are delicious! But open the menu and you will be surprised by all your choices. Try something new, go for it! (Vegetarian options too!)

Relaxing, comfortable environment (and large, but snug at the same time). Friendly staff. Great food (not to mention, large portions). I'll be coming back soon!
I had babyback + coleslaw + fries. It was more than enough, I opted to finish the tasty coleslaw and wasted the fries. Tried my friend's meatloaf and was tasty too-
I have more conflicted thoughts on the Dane, than Norman Bates does on a good day.  

Point:
-Dane sponsors a lot of leagues/clubs around town offering free pitchers and discounts.
-Always has a very sizable selection of beers with reasonable tags.
-Very uniquely Madison and dares to be different.
-Large space that on most weekdays can accommodate larger groups.
-Garden downstairs remained a secret from me for years, but it rocks.
-Nice downtown location...(*personality changing* though by Madison standards, difficult parking)

Counterpoint:
-Has a lot of down nights, with annoying frat tossers and overcrowding.
-The food is better than regular bar food but I wouldn't come here specifically to eat (as many unwisely do)
-The beers overall tend to be more on the hoppy side (may or may not be your deal) I like hops but have never once remarked 'I love that beer!'
-Busier hours, spottier bar service especially upstairs.


It's worth an occasional visit but it's not the go-to destination like the Terrace or even a more local/casual bar.  Like a famous club the original Dane is sorta played out to residents.  If you can handle the drive and less idyllic surroundings, I prefer the Ale Asylum for beer and comfort.
Thus, the home of good food. Not only is this place praised for its beer, but it also has amazing food. I would recommend the Jamaican jerk hot wings.
The Great Dane isn't a terrible place to go for dinner, but the reason you should really be there is for the drinks. They're housed in a massive, beautiful building on Capitol Square. It genuinely has that unique Wisconsin supper club feel, and they've achieved local infamy for it. But the food is somewhat average; while The Dane certainly doesn't have the worst cheese curds I've ever had, they're not at all memorable. I would describe all the food I had as good, but just that. Good, not amazing.

Most of the beer on the menu is brewed in-house, and isn't available anywhere else. There are some misses, but they do feature some excellent beer as well as a decent but limited selection of local brands. Drinks can be dirt-cheap, and given the ambiance, I could drink here all day. This is definitely one place you'll want to show to your friends from out of town.
We have always had a good time at this Great Dane.  We like the layout of the place.   The view from the back dining is of the parking lot but sits way up so you can see the green hills and landscape off in the distance so it is nice.   It is very clean.
The service has always been pleasant, the food good to excellent.  They brew their own beers which is very nice.
They have a pretty large balcony off to the side which is quite nice in the summer.
Parking is right by the entrance to the west.  If you park in the strip mall you have to take the stairs up to the restaurant and this is a bit confusing.  So don't park there if you don't want to walk a big flight of stairs.
Their burgers are excellent as are the wraps.  The salads are all good.
The crop cirle wheat and the Noctoberfest are OK.  Most of the special beers are nothing special.  I just wish they would make a bit more effort with their beers.  Food is good and reasonably prices
The previous reviewer was right. Their Thai chicken salad is EXCELLENT. The dressing on the salad is to die for. I have been trying to come up with my own  at home but no suck luck yet. I love the huge slice of beer bread with a butter. 
I always order the salad when I go. But mind you, they don't always have the salad available. Apparently, they change their menu often. The last a couple times have been great disappointment because the menu that has the salad was not out. 
I don't drink so I can comment on their beer or any other food. If you like salad with a twist, try the thai salad. I love love , love it.
This is such an amazing place and Unique to the Fitchburg area. Out of the 4 Great Danes in Madison, I think this one is by far the best. It just seems to have more character and life to it. It is really warm when you walk in like you have been a customer for years and the staff treats you just the same. They have an unbelievable knack for crafting beers which are delicious and plentiful. They have a gorgeous balcony with a huge grill and of course taps within a 5ft reach. It is gated to keep those pesky kids out and the drunken fun in!

The Great Dane Fitchburg is always so well kept; it's clean and shiny like it had just opened for the first time. Their food is amazing as well! I have had countless items off the menu so there is no one thing that I like more over another. The seats are massive and envelope you and make you feel like your curled up in a big LazyBoy chair while you eat. Don't forget all the massive TV's to watch the games on! Now the 1 coolest thing about this location? Barry Alvarez people! Yeah! He is here on Thursday nights! Anyways, this location has the feeling of class, a warm Fitchburg feeling and really nice people. Especially the staff!
This is the second time I've been here, and I was a bit disappointed.  I got a "Wisconsin Mac and Cheese," and I might have been a bit optimistic when I ordered it.  I've never really had an above-average Mac and Cheese at a restaurant, and this fit right into that experience.  Last time I was here, I had gotten a a sausage platter that was a bit better.  

Service was sort of slow and awkward.  This might have been a fluke, but I wouldn't bet on it.

The beer was on the good side of the normal range, so I have no complaints about that.  I got their red lager, which was satisfying enough for a lunch drink.

I'd like to go again, since I had a better experience last time, and I feel like this might have been a bad combination of choice and timing on my part.
We stopped for a late night dinner at the Great Dane Brew Pub on our way to Chicago. It had a nice atmosphere; I could definitely see us spending a lot of time here if we lived in the area. I am not a beer drinker but I did love their root beer. My husband *loves* beer and really enjoyed all of the ones that he tried.  My pot pie was delicious and my husband's burger was really good. If we ever find ourselves in the area again we would go back for sure.
YUM, YUM, YUMMY! I can get whatever I want at this local bistro bub.  It's a great place to bring the kiddos, and to have a pub burger.  Beer is good too!
I cannot review the food, as we simply came for pre-dinner beers. We were in town from Chicago, and this place had a great selection. Everything our table tried was excellent. Our server knew nothing about beer, but luckily my husband and uncle are brewers and could navigate our group in the right direction. They also will serve their craft beer in pitchers - god bless college students!
I frequent this Great Dane location often because it's closest to my house.

The things I like:
1) Outdoor seating when it's warm
2) Everything I've had on their menu is decent. I like their burgers, the chicken pot pie, and the soup/sandwich combo is awesome. It's good old fashioned Midwest comfort food.
3) Awesome beer - scotch ale is my favorite.

Environment: Casual, usually relatively crowded, but it's a big space so you don't feel cramped.
Service: It's never bad, but I'm never walk away with an amazing experience either.
Yum! Had the buffalo burger with sweet potato fries.  I went back again the next day and had buffalo chicken with 3 alarm sauce.  Both were excellent.  The Devil's Lake Red beer is great.
I used to love this location of the Dane--great parking, good service and yummy food.  I don't know what has happened in the last two months, but it isn't good. 

I have never sent food back before in my life until the Great Dane in Fitchburg.  I have now sent back 3 things (all different occasions): hiding burnt rice under the peanut stew; not putting any blue or gorgonzola on the pizza where 'blue' is in the name, and mushed up couscous that was one big gross blob. 

I used to love you, Dane! What happened?
Based upon other reviews and a predisposition of favoring pubs with good beer selections, I decided to give this place a try.  The beer menu is great and service at the bar was friendly, attentive and fast.  The bartender made a good recommendation based upon my preferences. 

I had the "wild caught salmon" sandwich which was good actually.  I never really expect great salmon unless I am paying a small fortune for it, so I was glad to see it hadn't turn to rubber like many places that don't specialize in fish / seafood.

This is a casual pub as you might expect and the location in downtown Madison is great for walking around before or after dinner and drinks.  I'll be back for sure!
this place is excellent! there is sometimes a long wait on the weekends, but it is well worth it. my husband and i have been here multiple times since our first time there, and it's taken me a long time to get anything but the mac and cheese. it's so damn good! and comes with a pretzel roll that is absolutely fantastic. 

the last few times we went though, i've been trying some other menu items and the cajun chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries really knocks it out of the park too. highly recommended on even just the food menu, but the beer selections are also really good. overall, a great place with a great atmosphere. i especially love eating out in the garden in back! :)
This place is close to my friend's house, so I've ended up here a couple of times during visits to Madison.

It's a great neighborhood American joint- good house brews and decent food. Service has always been between ok and good, which is good enough for a place like this. The outside patio is comfortable and has a good atmosphere. I'm a fan.
I came here with a girlfriend after work to chill and unwind with a good meal and a nice brew.  The atmosphere was classic brew-pub with simple wooden embelished booths, tables and bar on the inside, and a nice patio on the outside.  Great selection of seasonal drafts as well as their year round wheats and ales.  I tried the Crop Circle Wheat and a seasonal Cream Ale they had, and I must say, that wheat was on point.  I'm not a beer expert by any stretch of the imagination, but I have my tastes, and I definitely enjoyed this one.  

When I go to a pub, I'm a sucker for the fish and chips every time.  It came with a choice of 2 or 3 filets with a handsome portion of seasoned fries, cole slaw and a homemade tartar and vinegar on the side.  Very nice flavor on the crip of the fish, but just a touch too breaded for me. Points for crispness and flakiness of the fish, though. Very well done. Fries and tartar were good as well; very hot and fresh, respectively.  My friend ordered a chicken salad, and we had the hummus plate for an app. Yes, hummus.  This place has a pretty varied menu, which always gives me pause. From Margarita pizzas to Tandoori Chicken to Enchiladas, it's all over the map.   Our server, Chad, was great and attentive.  Much of the wait and hostessing staff did seem pretty frazzled and curt. Perhaps they were short of folks that night.

I suppose I'll have to go back for two reasons: trying more food, and ordering the beer flights.
So, they may as well have played "Glory Days" when I walked in here for dinner the other night. I have very fond memories of this place from when I was in my early 20s and used to visit friends that went to school here. Maybe I was one of those annoying people that Yelpers are complaining about being drunk and obnoxious. 
However, going there in my 30's is quite a different experience, namely we went there before Midnight. That being said, no matter what the "Dane" does it will always have a special place in my heart. 
Okay, the food.....The food is okay. I think it is the place where you just order a burger or the like because their menu is quite extensive and I am not sure they have the skill or food quality to really pull off all sorts of different genres of good. I usually stick to the Veggie burger and Portabella and they turn out great. Some of the other food ordered at our tables.....not so great. 
Beer: One of the beers my husband ordered came at room temp, which would be fine if we were in England however he didn't know it came warm and when we inquired the server just said "it came off the pull tap" Okayyy....what the hell does that mean? Could we just get a cold beer all up in this? Thanks! The server then got him a new one, which was cold. The Circle Wheat was good/refreshing however was a little too sour for my liking. 
Scene: It was a really beautiful day in Madison and we were really enjoying the patio that is covered with vines and nice and cool in the shade. The patio is where it is at and with good friends, the mediocre good can be overlooked.
The menu for this place is fantastic. You can get everything from a delicious wrap to a full dinner. If you are a health conscious person, this restaurant offers side options at no additional charge which include fresh cut dipping vegetables. 

It offers a delicious variety of food. I have been there three times, each time getting something different. 

My first time, I thought I would play it safe with a burger. Delicious, well cooked and overall a filling meal. I had it with the hot applesauce. I assumed this would be like traditional applesauce but it was a warm cup of apple cooked in cinnamon. This was almost like a pie filling. Delicious but slightly out of place for dinner. 

My second time I had the chicken salad on croissant with the dipping vegetables. The chicken salad had nice chunks of chicken and it was not watery. The one thing I can not stand is when my bread gets soggy from the chicken. My veggies included broccoli, celery, carrots and cucumbers. 

My most recent visit, I had the pulled pork sandwich with couscous. The couscous was delicious, typical but delicious, However the sandwich was amazing. Absolutely delicious. There are so words to describe the flavor and tenderness, so I will leave it at: Just try it. Seriously. 

The only thing that keeps me from giving this a "5" is the fact that they let loud uncontrollable children in the restaurant. I understand this is a family restaurant, but 2 of the 3 times I have been to the Great Dane, I have sat out in the patio. Each time, we have gotten one of the last available tables. We have been seated next to families with demanding children or just overall children who scream through their entire meal. 

I do not dislike children, but if I wanted it to sound like a Chuck E. Cheese, I would go there. I go to the patio to have a good meal and drink a beer with my fiance. (PS Their beer is fantastic) I do not go to listen to someone threaten little Bobby that if he does not eat his vegetables he will get it when they get home. 

My service and experience has not been up to par because of this. I mentioned this to the server and she did nothing. The one time I sat inside, we were seated nowhere near children and were provided the best service to date. 

I wish this restaurant took the ambiance of the entire restaurant under consideration when they allow disruptions like that to continue on. After all, if it was a drunk adult, they would be asked to leave.
I had heard about this place from friends that live in Madison.  I ran the Madison half-marathon, then showered and changed.  Deciding to get some brunch, Sandy and I came here.  Luckily there wasn't a wait, as we were just got in before the rush.

We had a very friendly waitress.  I don't remember her name.  Unfortunately after having just finished a half-marathon, I didn't feel like a beer, but they did look good.

I am not normally a huge brunch fan, but today I opted for a rib-eye with eggs.  My companion had the mac and cheese.

Our meals came out pretty quickly.  My rib-eye was absolutely top notch.  Cooked perfectly medium, but not overly bloody.  My eggs were good, as were the fries, biscuit, and fruit.

Sandy loved her mac and cheese.  And the price was right.  We each had a great meal with the total bill coming to less than $25.  By the time we left, people from the marathon were hobbling in, and there was a wait.
This is the first restaurant at which I've eaten in Madison, and it was a great way to start! I went with two friends who live here because it's their favorite restaurant downtown, and wasn't disappointed. We started with the cheese curds appetizer, which was tasty and awesome, and then I had a burger that was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.

I'm sure I'll be eating here again.
The Great Dane Brat and Bacon pretzel burger could stun a water buffalo!  Damn, that is a lot of meat for a tofu eating Pacific Northwesterner.  Still managed to wedge in the deep fried Snicker sundae, which was a bit rich in combination with the burger.

Good, diverse menu.  Draft craft root beer was very good.
The beers are solid, the tap lineup is quite expansive for a brewpub (most have 6 to 10 tops online at any given time while I've never seen fewer than a dozen at the Dane), the food ranges from good to very good, the building is cool, and it has probably the best biergarten in all of the Midwest. So this really should be at least a 4-star joint. But when the wife and I run up an $80 food and drink tab and you bring us a bill that includes a 50-cent line-item for extra pickles on a burger, you lose a star. Seriously? We drop 8 sawbucks here and you upcharge us for extra fucking pickles? That is some serious skinflintery, not to mention just plain bad form.
I raise them one star for their stance on the micro beer issue.   People are starting to wake up that we have the power to fight back and fight we will.  Great Dane is doing the absolute right thing.  Thank you Great Dane!
Cheese curds for appetizer were great.  I had the bratwurst and bacon burger which was unique,  tasty,  and delicious. I got the french onion soup as a side and it was great surprise as it was the best part of the meal.  It was even much better than the french onion soup that I had at the tornado room last night, which apparently was supposed to be some of the best in madison. Our server Morgan was nice and very helpful as well in helping us navigate our way around the big menu.  5 out of 5 as far as gastropubs go!
First time back to this place in several years.  Also one of the first times I've had a beer that was essentially undrinkable.  Fun environment, but I wouldn't go back again for the beer alone.
The Great Dane Pub in downtown Madison was only a short walk from my hotel.  I don't know what it would be like to find parking if I had driven here.

The place is huge.  I didn't realize it at first, but it is like three bars in one.  There is the small pub with bar and some high tables, a large game room pub with another bar and pool tables, and then there is the "cave" in the basement with yet another dimly lit bar and booths.  (This would have been more my style, but I didn't discover it until I went looking for the men's room which is also in the basement.)

As usual we camped at the bar and ordered a sampler.  The bartender served us with a smile.  The ten samples were presented on a large wooden dog bone shaped  tray.

The beers were all drinkable, but there were too many lites, pilsners and other "safe" versions of beer styles for my taste.  (Unfortunately for the Dane, I had spent several hours earlier in the day at a pub with a much tastier selection.)
I didn't settle in for a long session at the Great Dane, but if I was going to, then I might have had a pint of the Crop Circle Wheat, Devils Lake Red Lager  or the Black Earth Porter. 

The food that we had was tasty.  The Drunken Jerk wasn't me for a change, but it was what I ate.  The marinade, with a mix of sweet and spice nicely complemented the meat.  It would have been perfect if the meat was more tender.  They really should have taken the time to cook it until it was falling apart.  My wife's Sustain-A-burger was juicy and delicious.

I spent about two hours at the Great Dane on a Thursday evening and it was hopping the whole time.  One thing that I noticed both in this pub and on the street, is that downtown Madison seems to have a high density of attractive young women.  I am a happily married man, but I thought I would add that to my review for all you eligible bachelors out there.

Overall, I enjoyed my visit to the Great Dane Pub in downtown Madison.  The food was tasty, the atmosphere was fun.  The beer was OK, but not great.  If this place was in my neighborhood, I would definitely be a regular.  The beer is the deciding factor for me though.  I wish I could give this place a 3.5, but I cannot justify a 4 until the beer ranks up there with other fine Madison area breweries.
This place by far is one of my favorite brew pubs. Leave it to Wisconsin to put beer in their Mac and Cheese. I usually get a burger here, because they are tasty, but I can't think of anything I had here that was really nasty. They have this one West African Chicken Peanut Stew or something that is really tasty, and I recommend their hot pretzels and beer bread with honey butter for an appetizer. The cheese curds were pretty yummy too, but cheese curds are cheese curds, but the mustards they give you with the pretzels is fantastic! I can't comment on their beer that they brew on site, but my parents don't complain when they drink it. I know there's a lot of places to eat in Madison, but me and my family always go out of our way to eat here at least once, if not twice when we are in town.
The Friday Night Fish Fry is pretty gross, actually. There are much better places to go for that. I'm not a fan of their beers, either. It's probably a fine spot for an end of night drink and something to soak up the beer in your belly before you make your way home.
Since I was eating for lunch after drinking lots the night before, the smell of hopps (sp?) was very strong and I knew that I needed to make this lunch quick.
The menu has samplers for cheap which was good fro the hair of the dog. The burger was good and many Wisconsin beers to choose from.
My friend and I arrived just a few minutes after 11 and this place gets busy quickly. When I came back from the bathroom (which is downstairs) all the tables were filled just before noon. So, get here early. The fact that it was so busy so quickly with so many places to eat in the Capitol tells me that many things are good at this place.
great beer, great food.  Awesome secluded back patio.
I've been to Great Dane several times at its various locations.  The food is always pretty good...it doesn't "wow" but it doesn't disappoint.  It's one of the more reasonably priced "sit down" restaurants.  It's also a good place to get takeout if you don't feel like cooking.  The burgers are always good, and the quesadilla is really good if ordered without the sweet BBQ sauce.

I recently discovered the basement area of this Great Dane location. It has a really cool atmosphere...kind of has a Prohibition era feel to it.  It's a nice place to sit and have drinks, and the bartender was very friendly and helpful.  I agree with other yelpers that it's not the best beer I've ever had, but it's pretty good, and I'd much rather have a microbrew than a Miller Lite.
Just got home from Great Dane's Sunday Brunch.  OMG.  It was the best brunch we've EVER had.  You want Eggs Benedict? Got it.  Smoked salmon?  Got it.  Peel & eat shrimp?  Got it.  Quiche?  Got it.  Prime Rib?  You guessed it, they've got it, and it's rare.  Seriously, anything you could want for breakfast they have, and it's all OUTSTANDING!  A bit more pricey than you're used to paying for a breakfast buffet, but the selection, and quality of the food is unreal.
This place is awesome.  I love the Reuben and always get some quality beer they brew themselves.
All the dane locations are good (ok, i haven't done wausau yet...). I've been impressed with the consistency. The food is good (get the nachos!). Pizza and burgers are also good, but i don't have a lot of faith in their ability to go too far beyond standard pub fare (skip the peanut stew, falafal, mexican, etc. IMO). The beer is good (apa!). I especially like the aged apa from the hand pump when they have it...
All in all, i nice casual place with good service and outdoor dining. I don't hesitate to bring out of towners here.

update: the fish tacos are actually pretty good! beware the hot salsa. 
and the hot pretzels with horseradish/cranberry dip is good too.
Brewpubs tend to be my first target whenever I visit a new city. Great Dane happened to be a couple blocks away from the punk rock show we descended upon Madison for. I was stoked... until their beer touched my lips.

It is very, very difficult for me NOT to finish a beer, no matter the circumstances: bodily capacity, time constraints, ore even a little Armageddon. But I actually abandoned some of my Crop Circle Wheat because it had become unpalatable 2/3 through the very generous pour. I enjoy wheat and citrus-y beers, but couldn't manage to finish a glass of it. 

The fact that a pair of fruit flies kept landing and launching off my lemon slice every sip didn't earn this brewpub any favors, either.

NOM'd: Crop Circle Wheat
Crowded but not overly loud.  We didn't try the food as we had dinner plans elsewhere but a nice place to have an informal gathering and enjoy some beverages.  We could still hold conversations, which was nice.  I didn't try any of the beers but the husband rather liked the Crop Circle Wheat, which came in a huge glass, and he also tried the Tri Pepper, of which I did have a sip.  A bit weird but not the worst thing I've ever had.  Good location, kind of odd layout as there are spots where it was hard to get around, and the bartender kept giving me diet cokes (yay for being the designated driver) so I was happy with the service.  Somewhere we would seek out again if we are back in the area!
Walked over to Great Dane after moving our daughter into UW. It was a beautiful night so we dined outside. The outdoor area is a hidden gem behind the restaurant. The food was great as was the service. We ate at another location and had a fantastic Easter Brunch. This is a great go-to restaurant when you're looking for a great meal and a pleasant, fun atmosphere.
It's only ok for me. I've had better beers and better food. People look at this place as a Madison staple, but if you are going to go, I would only go fro drinks. The food is fine if you go in with low expectations, it's just nothing special and there are plenty of better dining options that are a short walk from this place.
My wife and I came here after having noshed at the Taste of Madison earlier in the day. Being that we showed up around 7PM on a Saturday night, we figured that we would have to wait a while before getting a table and were prepared to do so. We were seated right away and had beer in our hands shortly afterward. 

ATMOSPHERE: While the basement and back of the restaurant are a maze, the lighting, layout and circulation through the dining area were done well. While filled with alot of people, it didn't seem at all crowded. Being a Chicago White Sox fan it was also nice to see good baseball being played on television much to the delight of the local fans. 

DRINKS: ROUND 1: Devils Lake Red Lager for me and Black Earth Porter for my wife. I enjoyed the Red Lager but it seemed a slightly subdued version of a standard red rye ale. As a self-proclaimed beer connoisseur I had to sample some of my wife's selection. The Black Earth Porter was very bold and full flavored and proved to be my refuge when my Round 2 choice was not available. 

FOOD: We both enjoyed our brews while splitting an order of Nakoma Nachos. The nachos were standard pub style and were good but nothing out of the ordinary. We were not expecting much but our entrees would blow us away. My wife had the Tandoori Chicken, which she thoroughly enjoyed and I had the Inner Warmth Peanut Stew. As a vegetarian I am often stuck with minimal options as far as entrees go; this was not the case at Great Dane. I spent a while wrestling with what I actually wanted for dinner given that I had many options to choose from. The stew was almost too good, as each spoonful found me focusing on some different aspect of it's flavor. I can say with certainty that I have never had a hearty veggie stew that I didn't make myself, until that night. I left nothing on my plate and felt comfortably full from this dish. 

DRINKS: ROUND 2: Black Earth Porter for me and Crop Circle Wheat for my wife. My only gripe comes at this point. I had asked for The Stone of Scone Scotch Ale, which was unavailable. That it was unavailable was not a problem, but the fact that it was not mentioned or noted anywhere was. That aside, we were both happy with our drink choices. 

SERVICE: Our server was swamped yet still managed to stay on top of our every need, which seemed an impossible feat. She was well-versed in the menu and had a very pleasant demeanor despite her hectic pace. 

PRICE: The price tag for 2 rounds of drinks, 2 entrees, and an appetizer was far less than we would have thought. Maybe we are used to the inflated prices of the Chicago metro area but all of that for under $50 almost sent us into shock. Good food paired with good beer and above average service is worth quite a bit more than that.
In a town with dozens of brewpubs, I can't really see a reason to come back to the Great Dane. The atmosphere is spot-on of what they're trying to do, but the food and beer just aren't up to snuff. 

Between the two of us, we tried 4 of the beers, none of which were good enough that I'd order them again. I wish they had at least a few guest taps at this place for those of us with different taste in beer from their brewer. 

The food was also so-so. There were a lot of things on the menu that looked pretty good, and we ordered a reuben and a sustainaburger. The burger was fine, but probably not worth the price tag. The reuben was way below average. The corned beef was fine, but there wasn't enough of it. The sauerkraut was so bland I had to open up the bread and see if it was there. Also, they served the thousand island on the side, which I've NEVER experienced with reuben before, and which prevented the flavors from integrating like they needed to. At least the coleslaw on the side was good. The cheese curds seemed like they'd been poured out of a frozen sysco package.

In summary, food and beer are very mediocre. there is better to be had in every neighborhood in town.
We went here because they have a gluten-free menu.  While the menu is gluten-free, it's not particularly healthy and is full of dairy and fried foods.  There were a few healthier options and I picked the salmon. It was alright. My biggest complaint is that the salad that comes with the entree came covered in croutons.  The waiter knew I ordered from the gluten-free menu but wasn't paying much attention to the details.  Oh well.  I didn't drink the beer but my friend that did said it was good.
Eat on the patio, grab a burger and brew.  Best beer, the verucht stadt.
One of my favorite brew pubs in the country! The Great Dane never ceases to amaze: serving up delicious 'Sconnie style food and masterfully crafted beer in a warm, inviting atmosphere that just begs to be on your list of favorites!

I've been a few times now and never had less than extraordinary. Their burgers are awesome, with LOTS of variety in everything from the meat (choose turkey or Buffalo if you want...there's even a burger with a brat), the bun (I usually go with the pretzel), lots of toppings (try some fried onions), and of course, CHEEEESE (well duh, it's Wisconsin).

Oh, also, their fried cheese curds were among the best in Madison.

The beer. It doesn't get better than the beer. They have lots of great seasonals. This last round I indulged in a few pints of the Oktoberfest. But, I've also enjoyed many an amber, lager, pale, and porter (their porter is pretty good).

Their atmosphere is pretty cool too. In addition to their rich, wood tone dining room is also a cozy bar, a cool dark beer "dungeon", and a really cool outdoor biergarten.

I would give this place as many stars as Yelp allows, and will be back time after time.
We've been back twice now since our first visit.  The second time, was still pretty good.  Went last Sunday, (10/16/11), and it could have been way better.  We think that they have started to try to cut costs, and it's showing.  Will maybe give it one more try.  Maybe.
Interesting menu with great bears.  There are multiple locations, I picked the one nearest the capitol.  The place was huge, complete with billiards downstairs.  I had their soup and salad option with their creamy bacon potato soup and their caesar salad.  The caesar dressing was pleasantly creamy without that strong vinegary taste some have.  Pricing was more than fair.  My lady and I ordered two sampler bones (four 4oz pours brought to you on a wooden dog bone that has numbers under the glasses that correlate to with a name board they give you, simple but very helpful!).  The majority of the beer tasted great and very fresh, like beers from a brew pub should.

My lady got the fried plantains and they were amazing!  Not chalky, rather creamy and sweet!
Good beer.  Good food.  Great place to take a group of people or pickier eaters as the menu has a little bit of everything.  The typical pub food is really top-notch and there is a lot of variety on the menu.  I've had all kinds of dishes here and never been disappointed.   (except when they took my favorite cajun-style haddock sandwich off the menu)
A consistent crowd-pleaser every time we go to the Great Dane, no matter the location or the occasion! Our first meal in Madison last winter, the place we take our respective parents and relatives when they visit Madison, and the place we bring picky (and non-picky, for that matter) out-of-town friends and visitors. Standard American fare made interesting and a great pub-like atmosphere. What's not to love?
Great Dane is a great pub if you're looking for a good variety of custom brews and good atmosphere, however, I was a little oversold on this place based on the other Yelp reviews and personal recommendations from friends. 

I did a sampler of several of their custom brews, including the County Cherry, Peck's IPA, Old Glory APA, Super Red, Speedway IPA and the Crop Circle Wheat.  Loved being able to do a sampler flight and try and bunch of the beers, so this is the way to go in my opinion.  Double vote for the County Cherry if you're looking for something different.

The food was pretty average.  I thought it was going to be way better, so this is really the reason for the 3 star review.  The food was good, not great, and the frustrating part was that it would only take a tiny bit of effort to really make the food stand out.  

I ordered the Wisconsin mac and cheese, and it was good.  Wish they had loaded up a ton of extra cheese on top, then baked it for a few minutes - then it would have been killer.  My friend ordered the Great Dane burger, which has artichoke dip on it instead of cheese, and he said it tasted like cream cheese on top and wasn't very flavorful. 

The bottom line is that this is a great place for atmosphere and beer, but has pretty average pub fare.  I'd recommend going elsewhere for dinner, then spending the latter part of your night sampling the delicious brews of Great Dane.
Peanut soup that everyone likes is not that great and I am a fan of dark beer so not a fan of the blue moonish beer. The darker beers were great though
I really enjoy a weekend lunch of after work dinner here.  The atmosphere is great, a nice menu that is periodically updated, and very nice for people watching.  We've had large groups here a number of times and have always received good to exceptional service.

I only wish I lived closer so I could walk here.... ;)
I've been back twice now, including another location south of downtown.  Dinner was excellent, prices are very reasonable and service was good whether there was a big crowd or not.

The only disappointing thing about this place is they haven't opened a location in my hometown, St. Louis.
a Madison staple! Everyone always asks "have you gone to the Great Dane?" Good beer - great food - impeccable service! Lots of space, beer garden, fun atmosphere, great downtown location!
The luster is slowly fading away from the brewpub.  In the years past, I would rave about the food and the quality of beer put out by the Great Dane.  I can't say that any longer.  Their beer is somewhat pedestrian and the food taste more and more like Sysco "from a can".  It is a shame as I have been a stalwart since they opened the original in 94/95.  Much better places to go in the area...Tipsy Cow, Old Fashioned, Coopers.
I have eaten in the dining room of here before, however, this review is based on take out.

The parking is great as it does have a parking structure, albeit somewhat small. The staff was quite friendly upon arrival and the place has that hometown brewery feeling to it. 

The hostess was not put out in the least that I was requesting take out. She politely handed me a menu and directed me to the bar to place my order. From start to finish, I was in and out in about 15 or so minutes. Not bad at all. The bartender was very nice and again not put off that I was just ordering food and not sitting down for a beverage.

The food is pretty good here. I would say a kick above pub food as there are somewhat healthy alternatives. The only complaint I have is that they did not include any place settings for the order...even though I requested them to. Not the end of the world, that is what we have fingers and hotel towels for.
Nice casual place for a good beer and average pub food.
I cannot speak for the food or for the drinks, I have been here many times and only come for one reason...

Pool table rental by the hour, one of the few places in the downtown area of Madison you will find that.
Peanut stew was delicious. Waited twenty minutes for a table on a Wednesday, but our dinner came out quickly. Only complaint was that the red lager I ordered was the worst I've ever tasted, but my parents enjoyed the Scotch ale and wheat beer they ordered.
Your typical pub grub with a solid selection of local brews. Ate there a few times and service was always fast and friendly. Wait staff was always knowledgeable in beer selection and very patient with us. The one time I had the hot wings they were fantastic. The perfect amount of spiciness, they were meaty and portion was very generous. Had a few other dishes and all were solid in flavor and serving size.
My wife and I go out for "date night" in Madison every couple of months. When we go, we usually either eat at Great Dane or AJ Bombers. We like the food better at AJ Bombers, but you can't beat the beer at Great Dane. 

Great Dane has an enormous menu selection and most of the food is terrific. The burgers are great and the soups are delicious. However, I DO NOT recommend the fish fry. The fish is overcooked, over breaded and thin. It's like you're eating an over-fried piece of breading. 

We like going to brew pubs, and as far as the beer goes, Great Dane is top notch. In my opinion, it is even better than Water Street Brewery in Milwaukee and the Capital Brewery in Madison. 

Enjoy!
im almost sad that i found this place, because now i have a difficult time choosing between this place and the old fashioned when i visit madison... 

all of the food that i put into my mouth here was great. i also had a good amount of great beer so i dont fully remember what all the food was that i put into my mouth... just trust that its all good. 

i was equally as impressed with the beer though, if not more. they brew all their own beer, at least from what i remember. i am a pretty harsh judge of beer, just ask the horny goat, this place does it right. it was clear that they actually care about the quality of the beer they put out, which is sometimes not the case with gastropub sort of places.

basically id definitely recommend trying this place out. youll be happy you did.
I'm a huge fan of brewery restaurants... they always have the best food. This place was no exception. My boss and I came here for dinner during our business trip, and we wanted to try a place that was unique and unlike what we could try back home.

While we waited for a table, we sat in the bar area and had a beer. He and I both ordered the Crop Circle Wheat, which the waitress said was like Blue Moon. I'm pretty picky when it comes to beer, but it was quite good. Once we were seated, we saw just how huge the menu was. It took us a while to decide what to order. We knew we wanted to try fried cheese curds... I mean, when are we ever going to be able to try them again except in a place like this? And holy cow they were yummy. They were super crunchy and rather addictive. I'm not a fan of ranch dressing, but apparently it's a pretty popular dip. They were perfectly fine on their own.

My boss ordered the prime rib with cheddar mashed potatoes (which were great, by the way), while I decided to get their Wisconsin style cheddar mac n' cheese. Noticing a pattern with our ordering yet? When in Rome... My mac n' cheese was absolutely delicious. The sauce was thick and creamy, and it was topped with sourdough bread crumbs. It was a ton of food, so I couldn't finish it (even with my boss helping me).

Needless to say, I'm a huge fan of this place. I guess it's a good thing they don't have a location in Florida, because I'd gain a lot of weight if I ate like this all the time :)
I wish we could have gotten a pool table, but the first floor was PACKED. Luckily, the bar in the basement had a few extra seats. Win for us!  The lower level also seemed to attract an older crowd that was not as rowdy as the crowd upstairs, which suited our needs a little better.

I've been to the Great Dane in Fitchburg, and comparatively speaking, this Dane seems much more versatile in terms the types of events it can host. Especially with the distinct/contrasting umbeyonce (http://tinyurl.com/7ugfd7e) of the two levels.  The upper floor is a little more modern, and looks like a dive bar/sports bar/pool hall all rolled into one, while the lower level has a slight medieval feel - think dim lights, brick walls, paneled ceilings. Two sides of a very fat coin. Anniversary celebration downstairs, raging college night out upstairs? Sounds about right.

Dane has a nice selection of beers on tap, as well as a fully stocked bar. The drinks were not as strong as I would have liked, but the bartender's suggestions weren't bad. I appreciated the fact that the service was extremely attentive and friendly - but please, stop trying to refill my glass every 15 minutes. That is a bit excessive. I'll holla if I needya.
Full disclosure: I was on the way home from a work trip and I had just napped in a parking lot nearby. I would have eaten the soles off of your shoes. Met a friend at the Great Dane, and upon walking through the door my perception changed. I had always pictured it as a generic brew pub along the lines of Rock Bottom, but this place is gorgeous. And HUGE. Sat at the bar, had the mac n cheese and exchanged barbs with the bartender (she was the best kind of snarky.). Had their imperial IPA and liked it a lot.  I'm really glad I took my friend's advice on this place and I'm sure I'll be back in the near future.
The food (and beer!) is consistently delicious at The Great Dane. I'm always amazed at how big and diverse the menu is here... I'd say that this would be a very good destination for groups with a variety of palates. 

There's a number of Great Dane locations in and around Madison, but the environment here is the best of them all. Interesting, historic building with a really rich and comfortable interior - the basement has a gorgeous fireplace and field stone hearth that makes the space really cozy in the winter.
I don't consume alcohol, so this is a strange place for me to go to but the people I was with consume alcohol. This is a review for just the food.

The ribs are just ok but a little dry. The sauce is too heavy and overbearing. I can make better ribs.

The wings appetizer was better. The wings are juicy and the sauces - Chinese and jerk - are very good.

The fried cheese appetizer is pretty good but let's be frank - a blindfolded monkey can't screw up fried cheese.

If you like pubs and micro brews, this place may be for you.
Some of the best beer I've ever had!  The service was super great (our waitress was very friendly & knew a lot about the beer & let us taste samples).  Was a perfect start to my first trip to Madison.
West African Chicken Peanut Stew... YUM!

Went with gf and family here while in Madison to attend a graduation and this is where we went the first night.

I know i've been here before, but didn't remember much. The burgers gf and I had were really good. Loved my black and tan while gf had the sustainaburger. As mentioned before, loved the chicken peanut stew... Very good. Beer bread with honey butter was also really good, but I don't think worth the price.

Gf's brother seemed to like the beers as before we left Madison he bought two growlers of beer. Good stuff here.
I LOOOOOOOVED THIS PUB! We ate there on a warm summer night and had the pleasure of dining outside in the ridiculously romantic patio area. It was perfect. We ordered beers all around and an order of beer-steamed mussels to start. I have been day-dreaming about the mussels ever since. They came in a big pot full of steam and their own deliciousness, and each mussel was a bundle of joy. For dinner I ordered an Asian-style salad, and I enjoyed every bite. I ate at the Great Dane Pub several weeks ago, and ever since then I have been aching to go back. 

In short: I know that there are a lot of pubs in Madison, but the Great Dane Pub & Brewing Company stands out among them!
This past Saturday evening I made my way out to Fitchburg after having read some online reviews on Yelp.com and Urbanspoon.com and several of the hit items the Great Dane serves up. I even found some images on the net that really sold me on making a stop this past weekend to indulge myself in a classic burger that offered something different at the same time. Lets not forget that el fresco dining options never hurts either. At the Great Dane in Fitchburg, you get all that and then some. So let me walk you through the descriptive, visual and sensory pathway that was my "eat feat" for this weekend.

Arriving at around 7pm I took the option to sit out at the bar in the "Garden Dining" section of the restaurant which I found fairly busy but not overcrowded either. I grabbed a seat and was quickly given attention by one of the bartenders who then kept close tabs on me during my whole stay. Having already seen the online menu I was pretty sure on what I was going to get for an app and entree but dessert still escaped me as no dessert menu was or is listed on the main menu. That I would have to wait and see on.

Brown Ale French Onion Soup $5

This is the real deal when it comes to French Onion Soup! Great flavor, amazing aroma, a thick slice of melted bubbly cheese and then a thick slice of french bread underneath with ample soft, moist, chopped onions to seal the deal. Comes with 2 small whole wheat rolls to dip in and soak up the broth to!

Burger Entree $10.50 + $1.00 for sweet potato fries
The Great Dane's Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger

This burger is certainly what I needed. A classic burger yet something a bit different and not so basic. The pretzel bun all on its own may be to blame for this as its my first exposure to it but even the brat-burger dynamic may have played in, or maybe the bacon-burger-brat did it, or maybe the cheddar cheese-bacon-burger-brat combo to blame?? Who knows and who cares! It was darn good either way! It comes with Pecks Pilsner Mustard which I was quite liberal with to say the least as its a personal favorite condiment of mine so I was sure to see that nothing here was going to waste. Others should be forewarned....this burger is big and despite the bun and its hard pretzel covering to help support the mass of goodness inside, your going to get a little messy trying to eat this whole, even with two hands. Cut this monster in half and then you stand a fighting chance of keeping your hands from the onslaught I encountered (but so worth it!) The additional $1 for sweet potato fries was very well worth it! Warm, crisp and fresh with that smell and taste of real cut sweet potatoes is what I wanted and that is just what I got. A great companion to go with the taste of the burger! I shall note that sweet tater fries are my all time favorite side dish to any burger period, kudos to The Great Dane for offering this option!

Not despite my initial feelings of being full, my curiosity for the dessert menu was still getting the best of me. At about that time my peppy, friendly and very attentive bartender (female who's name I never did catch) asked me if I would like to see the dessert menu.....I instantly obliged!

It took me all but 10 seconds to see the very first item listed was Carrot Cake. My #1 pick for any dessert item anywhere. That said I never even looked at the other 4-5 items listed on the menu, it was a sealed deal when I saw my go-to items listed at the top. More so when it says "4 layer" within the subtitle. I took a chance in hopes this would be a spot on hit as many places in the past have sub par versions of "homemade" carrot cake which leaves me not so happy to say the least. On this occasion, my taste buds nor my stomach left displeased as this was a pure HIT on all levels.

Carrot Cake: $5.25

Authentic cream cheese frosting, moist layers of cake with real carrot flakes and walnuts. I really took my time to let my taste buds bask in the depth, the richness, the melding flavors of what each bite of real carrot cake is supposed to offer its consumer. Its a darn good thing they serve this by the slice because people like me would have the whole cake gone otherwise.

So in summary, my bill which totaled just over $26 (with drink) was well worth the food quality, quantity, the service, the outdoor dining atmosphere (even took in 5 innings of the sox/brewers game). I have to admit that during my hour stay I really got the feeling that the waitstaff enjoyed working there. They all seemed happy, energetic, lively and social to each other and the customers at all times. Makes you think its not only a good place to eat but also a all round good place to be on any occasion as well.

In my case I come for the food, tonight I was very pleased and must give a strong recommendation for others to give a go with these food items and any others like it. If you find yourself bored and hungry on a Saturday evening, I found
A group of nine of us were lucky enough to get a table here at 8:30 on a Thursday evening. Thursday nights appear to be quite popular with the teams from the Madison Ultimate Frisbee Association (I think they get free beer or something) and practically all of the tables in the place were full. Even with a full house our server was attentive, the food and drinks came out quickly, and the manager stopped by our table to check on us.

Everyone had positive reactions to their food and beer. We had two orders of cheese curds - tasty, crispy coating on the outside and gooey cheese on the inside. I ordered the chicken potpie and loved it. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KaAXj7XkVXk6YrR_jYyGUg&userid=eqeIvuHRTp8ezyfqWPVxlw Perfect size for a single serving with a light flaky crust on top and vegetables that were cooked perfectly. My friend sitting next to me had the bacon and brat pretzel burger which he loved. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XjhuLVYnk9Gp8dGr-5kIEw&userid=eqeIvuHRTp8ezyfqWPVxlw Then again what isn't there to love about a burger that consists of a hamburger patty, a bratwurst patty topped with applewood smoked bacon?

The Great Dane was the perfect fit for a group as large as we had - there was something for everyone on the menu and the restaurant is obviously accustomed to dealing with large groups.
What makes this place great is that everything the have is good or very good. When we decide to go out to eat the default is generally the Great Dane because they have such a wide variety of food and do a good job at each dish that it doesn't matter what we are in the mood for. They also have pretty good beer. A good combo I like to get is the Oatmeal Stout and the Pot Pie they go well together especially in the wintertime. Another combo is the Crop Circle Wheat with the Fish Tacos. 

Two things I would rate exceptional: The Nakoma Nachos (served all night), and the clam chowder (Fridays only). 

When it is busy or a long wait just sit at the bar, there is usually available space. In conclusion: it be a mighty fine Pub.
So...time for an update.  I work near this location, so I come here often for lunch or dinner.  In addition, I travel a lot, and have been to numerous other types of establishments.  Take home messages:

- the staff are GREAT at the Great Dane.  Whether spending 30 minutes talking shop with the brew meister, or just chatting with the bartenders and staff....the folks here are so friendly, laid back, and frankly, fun to talk to.  There have been many a day, bad at work, come for lunch and a beer, end up socializing, and leave feeling rejuvenated and upbeat.

- the beers?  good to great.  I do NOT expect GREAT beer with every batch, variety, or brew.  Beer is a living thing, subject to temperature, climates, humidity, weather...even going back to the conditions under which the hops and malt were grown, as well as how sensitive the yeast is.  These guys brew really damn good beer, and true to how beer should be brewed...GREAT ingredients, with true yeasts.  Cheers!

- ambiance - what more is there to say?  this is THE place to be.  From wacky, to straight laced, from old school woodwork and bar, fun games, great sports selection on TV, and, dare I say, the prettiest and most friendly wait staff around!  Just.  Plain.  Nice.  :)

- Food:  The menus change, and go through rotation.  Classic pub fare, to healthy choices (try the tuna sushi roll salad..it's new, and damn, home made rolls...maybe not THE BEST...but, damn good for home made!)  always something nice.  Hey guys, if you read this, bring back the lamb....just saying  :P

- dedication to what is "Wisconsin"....hell yeah.  from work ethic, to ownership, to local brews, to everything wonderful about our state....this IS Wisconsin.

There is a reason this place is SO CONSISTENTLY busy busy busy....

hint:  it is busy during dinner and weekends....accept it, and roll with it...either plan on waiting or...jaunt upstairs...there is plenty of seating there, too.
Since I'd moved away, I hadn't been to the Great Dane in yeeears. Until last weekend.

On the busy Saturday of Art Fair on the Square weekend, I stopped in with my godmother, my sister and her sleeping baby-in-a-stroller. The hostess was really great and found a table where we could wheel the aforementioned sleeping baby next to without having to wake her up. And when she did later wake up? A high chair was brought over pronto by our fab waitress. 

The food was delicious. My godmother maintains that the mussels were among the best ever, my sister enjoyed her burger, and I couldn't even finish the mound o' jerk pork I had. Yum!  Superbly attentive service and everything was fast and fresh - particularly notable as the place was packed. 

I remember why I used to like going there. And will take up the habit again now that I'm back in WI!
Two paths diverged into a wood, and be one traveller, long I stood...ok I took the path that offered really great craft beer and eats.  Great Dane delivered this very weary, strung out traveller one of the best interpretations of a German pilsner out there.  Two 16oz'ers disappeared like water in the desert (and for all practical purposes it is a desert here in Madison...about 100 deg F.).  Rarely has the confluence of thirst, heat, 18 hrs of driving, mental and physical fatigue, and just overall feeling beat been better medicated.  Livingstone would've been well advised to pack some cold ones from GD on his epic trek.

Food was solid.  The Wisconsin fried cheddar cheese balls were like mozzarella sticks for cheese-heads, and the Dane burger, served char broiled with artichoke sauce, was delish.  Atmosphere was typical high end pub, and service was spot-on.

I suspect that, like the traveller in Frost's poem, GD has and will continue to make all the difference...at least with regard to my sobriety.
aaah the great dane. 

So many warm memories sitting outside in the humid summer nights, with fireflies flying about, sipping on a pint of... 

...well, here's where my imagination can go anywhere! A nice refreshing crop circle wheat... or a hoppy imperial IPA... or an emerald isle stout... or my favorite, the stone of scone scotch ale! All wonderful choices!

The only regrettable thing is that the late night menu is so limited! I wish I could have this with poutine! instead, I have to settle for gringo nachos... which isn't bad when you're in your happy beer place... but man, the only other share-able thing on the menu, really, is the beer bread. And while I enjoy the honey butter and bread... please more shareable late night menu items!
Awesome Devil's Lake Red Lager and Wings. Can't wait for the the Great Dane's Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger. Rollin' Wisconsin-style.
We are new to Madison and decided to try Great Dane as part of our welcome to Wisconsin tour. I'm glad we tried it once, though I'm not sure it will be on our go-to list.

The service was great- from the host to the servers. Our server knew a lot about the beers and the food, which I always appreciate. We sat outside in the garden (it was way too hot, I don't know what we were thinking...). 

The cheese curds were OK. We had cheese curds from the Old Fashioned earlier in the week, so the bar was set pretty high.  We did a beer sampler (4 beers for $6). I won't pretend to be a beer expert - but none of the beers really stood out. We tried a pale ale, the crop circle wheat, a red ale, and a scotch ale. All fine. Nothing blew me away. 

The place seems really popular. I'm sure it's just a matter of finding the beer and menu items that fit you. I will probably try it again.
Awesome place to come late night for drinks.  There is a great patio outside with lots of space and pretty trees covering it.  

I ordered the mac and cheese which was pretty good, rigatoni with Wisconsin cheddar and a beery Pilsner taste, served with a soft pretzel bun, and some drinks.
Simply put, you won't find a bar that has as wide and tasty a selection of custom micro brews in all of Madison - capital of American Beer country.

This place is unique.  With a partially rotating seasonal menu, it has some unique offerings along with its exceptional beer offering.

Whether it's a meal or a night hanging with friends to catch a game, The Great Dane is a wonderful experience.
After my first trip to "The Dane" I came away pretty impressed. I went there for a friend's birthday and we got to sit in the beer garden. It was a nice escape from the usual Madison outdoor eating experience. 

Despite the fly population, I thought the food was top notch. 

I got the Smothered and Covered Fried Chicken. Let's just say the description fit the bill. That chicken was smothered and covered in delicious gluttony.  I'm a creature of habit, so it will be tough for me to get something else the next time I go, but I hear the burgers are the bees-knees as well.
This place is way overrated. It is a decent pub place with good Wisconsin grub, but nothing I would wait over 15 minutes to get. Their beers are good as they brew all of the beer themselves which is cool. Yet, the Great Dane is more a big name in Madison that under delivers on quality of food.
Stopping at The Great Dane is a must when I am visiting Madison. On my last visit, we were seated downstairs for dinner. I did not care for the atmosphere at all! It was extremely loud because we were seated right near a bar.  Our server appeared more like a cocktail waitress and wasn't very friendly or helpful.  If I was grabbing a drink, I wouldn't mind. However, when I am having dinner, I need some peace! Nonetheless, great beer and food. I love  the Mac n Cheese with a pretzel! I will be back on my next trip to Madison but will be sure to sit upstairs!
This is the second time I have been there in the last three years and had a VERY BAD experience.  We went two years ago because it was a great meeting spot after the Great Taste of the Midwest.  The waitstaff and bouncers were incredibly rude, though, and the manager was not to be found/bothered.  It was so bad, we avoided it last year while in town for the festival.   This year we went back, hoping that things had changed.  While the company has apparently gotten bigger, they are no better.  After keeping us waiting for more than an hour, they had trouble accommodating a party of seven (with two children), even though there was more than enough room at the tables.  The hostess for the biergarten (who was not more than 22 and certainly was embarrassing to her UW education if she was attending there) was very condescending and unhelpful.  She offered to  get her manager, but he or she never bothered to come by.  Then, the waitress, who did not come to our table for 15 minutes after we had been sitting there, refused to get us a round of beers, proclaiming in the most condescending manner,  "I think you need a round of waters first."  Notwithstanding that this 22-year old was probably an expert in binge drinking, we were not out of control. Or, to the extent that we were, it was only because we were famished and irate from having to wait so long for food and service.  So, we left, leaving me unable to satisfy my anger at being so disrespected by leaving a few pennies for a tip.  Let me explain something to you, Great Dane:  your beer is not that great.  I put it at a three out of ten.  I cannot remember anybody ever being excited about your food.  And, as has now been demonstrated twice, your service is awful.  What you do have is an excellent location for the beer festival.  But that is all.  We ended up having a great rest of our night, free of incidents, at your competitor, the Old Fashioned.  Unless you like being disrespected. I highly recommend nobody be tricked by this bar's location and go back to this place.  I certainly will never go back.
Great food, and good beer!!! 

The service leaves something to be desired, but the menu is loaded with great options and the beer always hits the spot.  Try their American Pale Ale, it'll get on whatever's ailing you with a quickness!
I learned pretty quickly this was a hot-spot in Madison. With multiple locations (in a four-day visit, I went to two of them)- the menu, both beer and food, will keep you coming back to try more. The food definitely didn't disappoint- and ANYTHING you might be craving, or forgot you were craving, will be on this menu. The portions are huge- but you find yourself finishing every bite. If you are going to Madison for a visit or even just driving through- I recommend this spot to get a little taste of Madison's food, beer, and friendly service!
Wow!  Went to the Eastside locate (the only one without on site brewing). Four (count 'em) four locations; use your GPS to find the one closet to you. A great selection of beers and an extensive menu. Wasted my time last PM at the Ale Asylum, this place beats it hands down. One reviewer stated "loud, loud, loud" and it is; but, it's fun. Great ambiance. Great personable service. Making me wish I never moved away from Madison.
I've been a frequent patron of the Great Dane for over a decade, and there is good reason.  First, the beer is brewed on location and they have an amazing menu.  Add in the fun ambience and accommodating wait staff and you have a great restaurant.  

If you're in Madison long enough, you'll hear people mention Crop Circle Wheat more than a few times.  It's the best beer the Dane brews.  All the other beers are good too.  You can do a beer sampler if you want to find some other favorites. 

There aren't many places that can say they have awesome meatloaf, ravioli, nachos and burgers.  Somehow, the Dane can straddle all of these different flavors and do them extremely well.  That's part of why I have come here so often; no matter what the people in your group want, they can get it here.

You can have many different types of experiences at the Dane based on where you are seated.  The front bar area is super fun and chill if you want to shoot pool, darts, play the jukebox or just watch sports.  The dining area on the top floor is casual and great for groups.  In the basement, you take your own tour of the Dane brewing process, which is fun in itself.  Eating dinner in the basement is more intimate, as its a bit darker with the stone walls.  The best place to eat though is the back beer patio.  On a sunny day or a cool night, its a fun experience that makes the Dane feel like a fancy restaurant without having to pay for it.

Staff is awesome.  Just tell them what you want, they'll help you out.  We used to rent out the Dane for large group events, and they were always helpful.  

The Great Dane is an essential Madison experience.
This is a great go-to everytime I'm in Madison. Great brews and solid food.

This time we got the case of wings with all 4 sauces which were delicious.

African soup also good
Cajun chicken sammy yum

They have a great outdoor seating area which is great during the Summer as well.
Awesome food, beer, and service!
Dear God. Whatever you do, do not order the Habenero buffalo wings. I've never seen four grown men get their asses kicked so bad. It was painful to watch. 

Our waitress was a sweetheart though and bought the "winner" of their lame, lame wing-eating contest a pint of beer. Seriously? He finished one full Habenero wing.
(3) A-OK...good for College Kids & Average Pool players;-)lol
Holy Beer Selection!

I'm still in shock the bartender was willing to play the game 'what do you recommend' even more in shock that he made great selections 3 out of 3 times.

Great array of tvs and lots of games. - just a great all around bar to grab a beer and watch a game.
This place is probably my favorite pub to go to in Madison.

Let's start with the beer, because no one goes to pubs for their Shirley temples. The Great Dane has a wide selection of both local and imported beer. Now I'm by no means a beer connoisseur, but I actually enjoy their beer. Considering how I use beer as an avenue to get drunk, and not a source of enjoyment, I'd say their beer is pretty damn good. I'd highly recommend their Peck's Pilsner, as it actually tastes like something I had in Prague.

Now on to their food... My god their food is absolutely delicious. It's like paradise in my mouth. Their cheese curds are fried perfectly, and is a must have if you're not from the area. Their Baja burger can feed a man for a week, with its giant, juicy and delightfully spicy beef. I've also had their mango mahi mahi, which is just as good. 

Finally, if you have a friend that's been annoying you recently, you should tell them to get the hellfire wings. Then just kick back and enjoy the show, as their mouth burns off. My point? Don't order the hellfire wings unless you really want to know what it feels like to set your inner organs on fire.
Great time!!  It was packed so full on Friday night (nearly 2 hour wait) that we came back a bit earlier on Saturday night and waited a very pleasant chat-with-others-waiting 45 minuts...and well worth it.  Very nice selection of beer.  Friendly staff at every turn.  And for a bar-pub the food was very good.  Nice salad...spetacular chicken-pot-pie...delicious mac-n-cheese...nice price.  Not sure how often we'll have the pleasure of popping into Madison, but the Great Dane is on the "do again" list!
Bottom line: Great pub food, delicious beer and friendly waitstaff.

I have been here way too many times to count. My favorites include the appetizer of beer bread and honey butter, Mac & Cheese and Southwestern Tortellini. The New London Bridge fish fry is really great too. Make sure to add malt vinegar to your fries (it comes with the meal)! I had the Friday night fish fry once and I wasn't impressed. It was more expensive than the one on the menu and not as well prepared. Their brunch is good and includes things like prime rib, omelettes and even pasta.

Beer selection is great. They have some great seasonal beers. The waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selection for the most part. I have had servers who got certain styles of beer mixed up, but you could tell they were new. I used to order their root beer, but not anymore. They mix it as you order it and sometimes it doesn't taste good.
The Great Dane Pub, great food, great beer, great atmosphere, great everything!  I really enjoy going to the Dane.  I went for lunch on a Friday afternoon (well, been there many times, finally got around to writing a review).  I had the Dane Burger, and wow, just as good as I had remembered it from previous times.  Juicy, fresh, tasty, and topped with the Dane's own Spinach Artichoke Dip.  I paired it with the Kohl Slaw, so tasty and fresh as well.  As an appetizer, my friends and I split the cheese curds, which are a must when you are in Madison! The beer, so good!  I had the seasonal Oktoberfest which was on tap, and this beer has a great caramel maltiness balanced nicely by the hops.  If you are in Madison and need some food and beer, go to the Great Dane, you won't be disappointed!
As it turns out there are a lot of great places in Madison for beer. This place used to be one of them but it has rested far too much on its laurels and has declined precipitously in its service. I find that the service in Madison is routinely excellent. Perhaps servers aren't as knowledgable as in some big cities but they are generally very friendly and care about the customer. Not at Great Dane anymore. Last time I was in here I was treated like garbage by one of the clueless bartenders. Shocked by how rudely I was treated I spoke with another worker (unable to find a manager). She was a little less rude but tremendously more condescending. Needles to say I won't be back. There are dozens of place that have great beer AND great service in Madison. Don't need to be talked down to by a bunch of sadly soon-to-be unemployed college students.
I've been to the Great Dane about ten times over the last couple of years. It's been for a variety of work lunches, friends' birthday dinners, and Saturday afternoon pool.

I'm not a fan of the food -- I find it generally pretty bland, and I've never gotten the same thing twice. The burgers are okay, some of the salads are pretty good (the caprese is probably my favorite item on the menu), and I did enjoy the chicken peanut stew, if it did require a bit of hot sauce. 

I've tried at least half the beers (as pints) and don't really feel the need to have any more. There aren't any that I've had that I prefer to other similar styles of Wisconsin or even Madison-area beers.

The service has varied, but is usually friendly. I think generally they try to set a relaxed pace and are knowledgeable about the menu (not easy -- it's huge!). 

The best thing there is the Saturday pool specials -- $4/hr is a fantastic deal and the tables are in good shape.
I love a good micro brew so going here was a no brainer.  Since we wanted to eat and it being a Friday night, the wait for a table was long.  It didn't help that we had to change our request from two people , then five and finally seven!  Not the restaurants fault, but it took about 90 minutes to get seated.  While we waited we were able to get drinks at the bar pretty quickly.  I stuck with the light Lager and the red Lager.  Both were very fresh and tasty to a beer snob like me.
Once we got seated I was introduced to fried cheese curds (kurds?) that are standard issue in these parts.  Wow, how have I never had these before!  I don't know what if any cheese is in these things but they are delicious.  They taste very much like fried mozzarella cheese. We started with two orders for the table then quickly doubled it.  
For my meal I tried the buffalo chicken fingers with asian sauce and a side of chips.  They were both great and after all the curds, filled me up.  Most of the other people got various fish, but I didn't pay much attention to anything not deep fried.
This place was very busy on a Friday night but I didn't feel packed in.  I will absolutely go back to Great Dane if I ever find myself in Madison again.
I don't seem to share the opinion of a lot of Yelpers--and I think I know why--people who enjoy the Great Dane's beer simply aren't beer people. There, I said it.

I have been to the Dane many, many times. The food, on the whole, is very good. The West African chicken peanut stew is delicious. The fish tacos are well-cooked and come with a painfully spicy sauce. Good mac and cheese. Great burgers.

Of course, we can't really stop with the food, can we? This is a brewpub, and as such, I expect the beer to be up to par. It's not. In fact, it's downright bad. The Dane's beers are boring, lazy, and uninspired. The IPA's are poorly hopped and have little, if any balance--far too malty. The barleywine they had last year was one of the most vile beers I've ever had. Whoever controls the brewing process is afraid of change. As a result, you get a bunch of mediocre, dull beers that have little taste and aren't anything to write home about.

Oh, as a side note--the Tri-Pepper pils, which they only make for about 2-3 weeks a year, is incredible. It's not for everyone, but it's the only time the Dane likes to put forth a little effort and imagination into their beer.

Last thing that irked me: The bartender wouldn't let me mix beers. I've been around beer and have worked in the industry, and good brewpubs will always, always let you mix different styles. Usually it works. The Dane, though? They wouldn't. 

Will I keep going to the Dane? Of course...but I certainly won't be drinking there.
The Dane may have great beer and a good atmosphere, but the food is borderline inedible.  

The menu is far too large, first of all.  They have burgers...and hummus.  They serve Italian "specialties"...and beer and cheese soup.  No restaurant can pull this off and pull it off well.  

During the Badgers game yesterday, we ordered chicken nachos.  I think that the chicken must have run through the nachos, because I couldn't detect a single piece of chicken in the mix.  The nachos were not good.  

We also ordered hummus.  Three of us ate roughly 10% of the platter, it was that bad.  

The waitress made no effort to ask us how things were--and it was not a busy time.  

Service is generally okay, but wasn't yesterday at all.  

Drinks and beer are fine here, but if you want to eat, go elsewhere.
The Great Dane is a Madison standard and I would recommend it to anyone who is visiting Wisconsin. It is a staple micro brewery in a state that is becoming/is the state of micro-breweries. Even if the food is not incredible, there is still a large menu. I've run into some issues with the wait staff in terms of timeliness, but the Great Dane is a good place.
Its a brew pub. If that's what you're looking for, this is the place to go. The pub food is perfect, well, pub food. Burgers in multiple configurations, tons of other sandwiches, huge salads that make people feel healthy even though theyre just as bad. All delicious. The beer is good-- great for a brew pub, but don't expect to be jumping out of your underpants to bring home a growler. 

Its a brew pub, and it does that job perfectly well.
The Great Dane is a small chain brewery and restaurant. It is a few cuts above the rest of the standard bars with food. With pretzels that will make you melt and dips that will make you burn, I was sold immediately. Unlike many restaurants, tey clearly state what is vegetarian, I highly appreciated that. 

My Mac and cheese was so creamy and tasty. It was the best one I had during my many visits to The cheese capital of the US (yes, happy cows come from Cali, but still). My portobello burger was juicy too! I'm not sure but I think you can't go wrong here. I have been to other bars with with good food, but somehow they perfected the bar foods. Great service and consistently good food. However, they are more a restaurant than a bar. I was surprised when the beers were just ok, I don't get too much satisfaction out of them.
Food was good and the bar tender knows how to make sure patrons are happy.
Your typical brew pub with a respectable beer selection and a solid pub food menu (burgers, nachos, cheese curds, etc).  Service was receptive and always made sure our glasses were full.  What more can one ask for when in need of beer and a burger?
How do you get excited about a dinner salad?  Tomatoes that taste like tomatoes, cucumbers that are firm, carrot & radish slices, & a great blue cheese dressing. The Texas Speed Bump IPA pours like an Irish Cream Ale. Great place - I will be back!
I always get the fish tacos with sweet potato fries. Best in town. I really haven't had better fish tacos anywhere else despite my many failed attempts. They have a decent brunch buffet but you literally won't be able to eat for 3 days, it is an insane amount of food and you get full just looking at it all!
Do NOT EAT HERE!!!  Terrible service!!!  More importantly terrible management!
Yeah, that's right. The Dane only gets 3 stars. Some people swear by this place, but to me, "not bad" sums it up pretty well. The food is decent to good overall. The cheese curds are only okay (the curds at the Old Fashioned and Capital Tap Haus are MUCH better). The tastiest item on the menu is the smothered and covered fried chicken, which is a delightfully artery-clogging boneless fried chicken breast covered in a spicy gravy with shrimp and andouille sausage. I would also recommend the buffalo wings, those are pretty good too. 

However, the beer is not good. With the exception of their porter, most are utterly flavorless. The scotch ale is NOTHING like a Scottish-style 80/- Export that I was expecting. And I actually think I like Bud Light better than their "Landmark Light" lager.

I will say this, though, I love the fact that they have bar shuffleboard at the Dane downtown. Such a fun game, and not something you see every day.
Really enjoyed this brew pub. I had a burger and it was great and the beer selections is fantatsic.  I would eat here again!
I have visited the Great Dane twice while in Madison on business.  I did not eat on my most recent trip, but that's OK.  I go there for the beer--and it's pretty good stuff!  I am especially a fan of their Porters.  Black Earth Porter is named well, as its taste does have an earthy quality and wonderful mouthfeel.  I know there are pool tables and food at the place, but it all seems superfluous when the beer is this solid!
Such a great place to gather friends for a night of drinks and nomz.

My new fave beer is the Old Glory American Pale Ale. It's so good, it makes me feel like a pioneer discovering the wonders of Wisconsin all over again. APA, hoppy wonderfulness, and very light. Sooo easy to drink, y'all. 

Their menu is humongo, so you can get your staples like burgers and sammies, but there is also a twist in the mix like tandoori chicken, gravy smothered fried chicken, and meatloaf. But, the fish fry on Friday is a huge selling point. 

The Walleye and Cod were both phenomenal. The panko breadcrumbs on the Walleye was so light and delicately enveloping the fish, just to add that bit of texture, but you were still able to taste the wonder that is Walleye. Yumzies. 

Usually the extras on fish fry dishes are "meh" but there were some pretty great sides like pub fries with malt vinegar, awesome slaw, and beer bread that got all steamy when broken open. Ahhhh.
My online boyfriend, now husband, took me here when I visited him in Madison. The pub was cozy and nicer than I expected. I loved their cheese-curds! Why aren't they available nation wide??
This place was busier than hell on a Saturday night, but we still managed to get seated at a booth pretty quickly. They've got an awesome beer selection with great variety. The food was tasty, with a nice combo of your general bar-food fare and fancier items. I really wish I had tried the Thai peanut stew, but I ended up getting the Black and Tan burger with a Boca patty. We also had fried cheese curds as an appetizer, and they didn't disappoint.

We also had our infant daughter with us, and instead of a high chair that would sit at the end of the table (there would be no room here for that), they had a special seat that clipped onto the table that we situated between us, and it worked wonderfully! I wish more restaurants would do this!
The Great Dane is a staple local brew pub and restaurant.  It's larger than I originally expected so even when they're busy you're usually able to get a spot quickly.  As expected for a brewery, they have a nice beer selection.  More surprisingly, the food selection is pretty good.  They do an above average job with standard bar food (burgers, sandwiches, cheese curds, etc), but also have some more up-scale items.  I've had their burgers as well as the portobello sandwich and both were very good.  On my most recent visit I got a little more adventurous with the peanut stew (a hearty vege stew in a peanut sauce) and it was excellent.  I may have to start moving beyond the standard bar food.
Pretty good macaroni and cheese as well as the tomato panzanella salad. They make their own beer as well as soda (red cream soda, ginger ale, and cola maybe?). The service is pretty good. It can get really loud here, but they are accommodating of larger groups.
Well, I went back for the upteenth time--West African peanut stew is still delicious and top-notch. My friend got the fish tacos and the salsa is still burning hot.

Yep, food is still great. Sadly, the beer is still pretty awful. Bland, unexciting, nothing really stands out. I guess the Texas Speedbump is alright, but these guys are just so boring. Stop making my trips a snoozefest when it comes to beer, alright?
My friend and I came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  It was busy, but not crazy busy.  We got seated right away in the beer garden....which was beautiful.  They restaurant as a whole has a nice vibe, and the bathrooms are super clean....which is a big deal for me!  

They have a lot of different food and beer to choose from.  I'll definitely have to come back, because there is a lot I want to try. 

 I'll start with the beer.  They have a nice variety of house brewed beer.  I had the crop circle wheat...wheat beers are my fave, and this was a good one!

They have a very extensive menu with all sorts of food.  They have typical bar food, Mexican, pasta, Indian...needless to say, they have a lot to choose from.   I really like bar food, so I went with the burger.  They also had quite a few sides to choose from...I got the sweet potato tots.  They don't give you anything to dip them in though.  My friend got the quesadilla which came with a great chipotle bbq sauce.  Next time, I'm going for the brat and bacon burger.  Oh yes...you read that right.  That's a lot of meat!  

Great place...can't wait to go back.
The West African Peanut Stew is absolutely delicious. I order it every time I dine here. The service is very good with attentive servers and bartenders.
Finally had a chance to have a meal  here both before & after the Great Taste of the Midwest beer fest as they were awesome enough to offer a free shuttle to & from the fest.   We had the Cuban & turkey club which were both really good.  The French fries were crispy & tasty.  The second meal was a burger & Mac n cheese.  Both were good but we liked our first 2 choices best. We didn't have a beer this time b/c of all the beer we drank at the fest. Next time in the area we will be sure to stop by for both food & drink.
While you can't argue with the delicious brews, the service and comfort has lacked at this Dane location for several years now.

A few years ago, some friends and I made our first New Year's Eve stop at this downtown Dane. Not only was it ridiculously crowded, there was absolutely no additional seating available nor barely any standing room save right up next to the dj. Understandable, it was New Year's. But the service was worse. Two young, female bartenders were the only staffers available around 9pm. They were slow, to the extent of several beers taking almost fifteen minutes to be served. Shortly afterward, we noticed the only customers being served were handsome young men. Thankfully, we had a few of those with us, which is the only reason I'm certain we ever received our second round. We left shortly thereafter.

I gave it another few go's the past several years, but again, each time served disappointment. The beer was fantastic. The food was great. The service and setting were less than adequate. One summer evening last year, I met a friend for a drink in the basement, which was so hot and humid we had to leave. Another time more recently, the young waitress took so long my friends and I left after one drink.

The beer is the draw to the downtown Dane, but if you're able to hit another location, I recommend it. Hilldale or Fitchburg are bigger, better staffed, and haven't failed me yet.
At the recommendation of a friend I went here for dinner. The scotch ale was pretty good, but nothing too special. I tried the poutine (fries covered in cheese curds, and chicken gravy) as an appetizer, which were pretty tasty and a at a good price ($6). For dinner, I ordered the petite cut sirloin.  It was indeed small (about 6oz), but had a good flavor. They served it with caramelized onions and sauteed mushrooms, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies were the sides. They have a section in the menu about how they cook to temperature, but my medium steak was medium well. The steak had a good taste, but wasn't incredibly tender. They have a nice outside patio which is great for nice nights in the summer.

Pros: nice outdoor patio, friendly staff
Cons: food isn't anything special
Great Dane is hard to describe.  It's a brew pub that also serves tandoori chicken!  We really enjoyed the food (fish fry and Thai chicken pasta), and the service was great.  I didn't try the beer, but I would come back just for the food and atmosphere!
Went last Sunday for the brunch again.  Was all pretty good.  Not great, but good.   Don't know if we'll be back again, I guess I have a problem with paying $50 for brunch for two.  It's pretty pricey.
We've been going to the Great Dane for years. We enjoy their food, but we encountered a hostess today that really made our experience unpleasant. We went specifically to dine in the outside garden. When we got there about half the tables were occupied. Some of the vacant tables were in the direct sun, some were either in the shade or had umbrellas. She wanted to seat us in the direct sun, and when we requested shade, she told us that because there were only two of us, those tables weren't availabe (despite at least one deuce being in the shade). She went back and studied her seating chart for awhile, like she was really being inconvenienced, and finally sat us at a table that was only partially in the sun. The food was good, our server was excellent, but when you begin the experience being told that you're not really valued because there are only two of you, it really detracts! (BTW, the vacant tables stayed vacant the entire time we were there.)
We were extremely impressed with this brewpub, our experience clearly putting this at or near the top of the class amongst all the ones to which we have been.  The steak chimichurri salad was huge and prepared excellently, the lettuce and other vegetables all fresh and good quality, the steak tender and beautifully cooked rare to medium rare, and the dressing flavourful yet delicate.  Kids' meals were great also, especially the nice, crisp and flavourful happy-face tater-tot-type fries.  Beer that we had was excellent and they have a wide selection with a good cask range, as well.  The place itself is nice inside with a traditional old-fashioned pub character plus patio seating in the back.  It also has a great location downtown about a block from the capitol.
When I'm looking for comfort food the Mac and cheese always makes me feel better.. And washes down well with their own light beer yum!! The staff was friendly and the place was clean. I will be back.
I pretty much want to move to Madison to eat all of the food on the menu and drink all the beer.

My boyfriend and I came here - based on Yelp reviews - while we were in Madison for the night.  We're a big fan of local craft and microbreweries/ brew pubs and make it a point to visit them when we're out of town.  

We got there around 8:30 on a Friday, and it was pretty crowded.  (Always a good sign in my mind!)  They told us it was going to be about a 40 minute wait so we each grabbed a beer.  I got the Crop Circle Wheat and he got the Double Dubbel.  The Crop Circle was one of the best wheat beers I've had in a while.  Less than 20 minutes later, they seated us.

I love the decor and over all vibe of this place.  The exposed brick walls, newsprint menus, and the dark wood.  It's huge too.  I didn't realize how crazy big it was!

There were so many tasty sounding options on the menu.  We started with the beer bread and honey butter.  The bread was good, but the butter was amazing.  I pretty much wanted to spoon it directly into my mouth... but eating straight butter is kind of gross no matter how delicious it is.  For dinner I got the Applewood Bacon Burger with the buffalo patty on a pretzel roll with the sweet plantains on the side.  I've been on a huge plantains kick lately so the fact that they had plantains pretty much make me jump for joy.  My boyfriend got the brat bacon burger which he loved but wasn't even able to finish because it was so huge.

Also, I love the fact that they focus on using a lot of local and sustainable food - local cheese, local grass-fed beef and local buffalo.

The staff was SO friendly.  I think it might just be that people in Wisconsin are the friendliest people on the planet, but everyone was just so happy and nice and well...perky.  The service was great too.
I try to go here ANY TIME I want wings.  They have the BEST wings in Madison by far.  Their wings are meaty and they come with a garganzola sauce that is out of this world.  They also have beer that is fantastic with a great amount of choices.  They also have a Ruben sandwich that is absolutely DELICIOUS!!!  Great place if you want great food and a great atmosphere!!
Always a good time awaits at the Dane.
Just don't eat at the one in the airport. Cold food.
Bad ass. Full bar & kitchen upstairs. Another full bar downstairs, and a beautiful beer garden. 

Good beer, good food, cool staff, good crowd, you really can't go wrong. 

$10 for a pack of smokes from the bar. Ha! You shouldn't be smoking anyway, you naughty person, you.

$9 for cheese curds. Yumm-o.
What a great brewpub! I was in Madison for 10 days, and I somehow became the Duke, ha. 

My favorites included the Scotch Ale (surprisingly very drinkable), Double Dubbel (comes in a bomber, MY FAVORITE over all of them), and their Kolsch. Fantastic stuff. If you're fan of lighter, wheat beers, the Hefeweizen and Crop Circle Wheat are good choices - many of my friends enjoyed those. 

In general, the beers and alcoholic drinks are reasonably priced. I got a pretty tasty Long Island here as well. The food is yum, and there's loads of seating indoors and out. 

Until next time, Dane.
The menu has variety for many tastes in your group, and not just bar food (nice). The prices are pretty fair. Just know that if you go on a weekend evening, the wait could be long and the place is quite loud if you want to talk to your friends over a meal vs. shout at them. 

Tried the Pepper Beer and was quite surprised by the green pepper flavor that was a little sweet and the lingering spice on the finish. Normally don't like pepper beers too much, but want to because I love hot food so much. I'd buy it again! I ate the turkey burger and was very satisfied with it - good flavor. 

This place gets 3 stars overall because of the long wait we had and it was crazy loud. Food and beer would get a 4 star (but that's not an option here on Yelp).
Downtown Location has the absolute best secret Patio!  
I could stay all day surrounded by the green ivy walls, 2 stories high that make you feel like you are in a hidden jungle.  

Tip: Just tried the tri-pepper beer, which I would give a thumbs up.  Light and spicy aftertaste, but not for everyone.
Every time I have gone to Great Dane the food has been excellent. The first time I went I had the Portabella mushroom sandwich, and more recently I had the Paoli Vegetable sandwich with fried plantains. Both are excellent and besides the food they have a great beer selection since they are also a brewery.
I stopped by here a couple of Saturday's ago with my fiance for a late lunch.  The place looked pretty busy but that wasn't a problem since we were immediately seated in a booth.   There's not really much to say about the inside of the place as there is a bar area in one half of the restaurant and then a dining area in the other half up a stair or two.  The walls are brick and the tables are a darker wooden color.  I think I also noticed a sign that talked about a beer garden although I personally did not visit it.

Since I was celebrating the completion of another marathon that morning, I decided to go with a flight of beers.  My flight came out situated in a serving dish that was in the shape of a dog bone.  I thought that was cool, especially since it fit in so well with their name.  All of the beers were pretty good and stayed true to the types that they were advertised as.  After a bit of a wait to order our appetizer, my fiance and I  went with the beer-battered cheese curds.  There was another wait (this happened quite a few times where our server disappeared for long periods of time) before we got our cheese curds.  They were delicious as the curds were gooey inside the battering.  My only complaint was that I couldn't really tell that the batter had any beer in it, yet they were still good.  For my entree I decided to go with the Wisconsin style cheddar mac and topped it off with the buffalo chicken.  It also came topped with sourdough crumbs and was served with a thick pretzel stick.  The macaroni and cheese was thick and gooey and tasted nicely while the buffalo chicken that I added was good as well.  I think that my favorite part of the meal was that after I had finished the pasta I used the pretzel stick to scoop up the rest of the cheese sauce from my dish.  Whoever thought of adding that to the meal was a genius!

The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  I really enjoyed both the beer that I ordered and the food, now if only our server could have been a bit more attentive to us.
Black Earth Porter & Stone of Scone Scotch Ale are very good.  Friendly service and nice atmosphere.  Good quality pub style food.  Always a favorite when we're in the Madison area.
Super average experience... Maybe I am too picky.

(-) As huge fans of microbrews, every time we visit a new city we make a point to visit a brew pub and bring home a growler. After an entirely underwhelming experience at Great Dane, we actually sought out another brewery to bring loot home from. Try Ale Asylum instead. 

(-) Food was meh. Tuna tataki was over-cooked (If it's sushi grade, it should be barely seared!), wings were good (the homemade Gorgonzola sauce was the best part of the meal), and tandoori chicken was a confusing Indian/Mediterranean fusion.

(+/-) Service was good although our server seemed a bit green, fumbling to remember the special brews. 

(+/-) The scotch ale was pretty decent but the rest of the beer flight was completely unmemorable. 

(+) The best part of Great Dane is their courtyard, outdoor seating.
For me, my visit to The Great Dane was sort of like going to a movie and enjoying the popcorn more than the film. I enjoyed the ever loving christ out of my bratburger. I could taste slight char on the brat patty and the burger patty and it was fan-freakin'-tastic. 

Of course, the only thing better than a great burger is washing down that great burger with a beer right?

And that's where I caught the Dane woofin'. I first ordered a bitter on cask, which is not only one of my favorite beer styles but my favorite way to serve just about any style. Though I was happy that the beer was served at the proper temperature, it tasted sour ... as if it was either infected, or brewed with a sour mash. Whatever the case, it completely ruined the beer for me.

I tried a sip of my girlfriend's Mild ale and was saddened to see that it too was not free of blemish. The finish had quite a bit of diacetyl, and I'm definitely not a fan of buttery beers. 

Fortunately the service was great. But as I implied before, I don't go to the movies for just the popcorn. In this case, I call the Great Dane's beer a flop.
Was in town for a quick business meeting.  Stopped by for lunch  I had the Cuban sandwich and thought it was one of the better ones I've had.  Would certainly come back here if I'm in town again.
stopped in for a few drinks and apps.  Service and food was just fine.  Nice enough, but not incredible.  We sat on the back patio ("beer garden"), which was really cute!  On a perfect weather day, it was a fantastic little escape!  I didnt' have any beer (gasp!), but my husband did and he said it was fine, but nothing to write home about - a few tasted "beginner" in terms of composition/hoppiness (this is Greek to me, so I'm assuming this makes sense).  LOL.
I love the variety of beers and food. Great, friendly and helpful bartenders. Reasonable prices and fun ambiance make this a fav when I'm in Madison.
The Dane Burger consists of one-third pound of choice beef broiled to perfection, and then topped with lettuce, tomato, pickles, Bermuda onions and artichoke dip. The fact that this is a messy burger does not take too much thought. The Dane Burger does a good job of combining flavors with the standout topping being the artichoke dip. I found that the lettuce, tomato, and onion dressed the burger's appearance up, but did not do much for flavor or texture. Upon removing them the burger seemed more focused on the combination of the dip, beef, and bun. The beef could have been a little juicier, and I can't help but think what a really unique and tender bun that pairs perfectly with the artichoke dip could have done to make this burger a dream. 

Despite my thoughts on what this burger could have been, it is still a great burger and made me rethink the typical hamburger. For taking a risk and delivering, the Dane Burger is worth a try. Add-in the Great Dane's excellent beer, fun atmosphere, and tasty sides/snack and you have the makings of one the best bars in Madison.
I know there's probably better options in Madison, but more often than not this Milwaukeean finds herself back at a Great Dane. There's something to be said for comfort and consistency. 

This location is central, easy to meet folks at and has so many options for seating - bar, patio, basement, restaurant ...

The food is always solid and the menu is so varied that I can pretty much always find something to suit my mood, which is nice. From sandwich and soup and creamy mac and cheese to the sinfully amazing brat/burger/bacon amazingness, I really have never been unhappy with a meal here. 

There's a city parking garage on the block, which is convenient. 

The bar can be loud, but I love how cozy the basement is. They do shuttles to various Badger events. 

The Great Dane is just solid. I know I'm going to get good beer and guood food. And the food is the yummy comfort food that fills you up and prepares you to step out into a Wisconsin winter, you know?

Great for pre- or post-game, great to meet friends and linger over extra drinks.
A very nice brew pub indeed. I was able to try two of their beers on my visit. The scotch ale was delicious. The IPA on the other hand was an empty shell with no depth in flavor or complexity. I asked for a description like a real beer snob before I ordered and the bar tender was unable to speak to it, wish I would have taken that as a sign. 

The worst part about our experience was while we were waiting for a table for dinner. The hostess tried several different buzzing notification thingys before she found one that "worked" and said it would be about 30 minutes. 45 later I go up to check on the table to which she says my thing must have been broken, I'll seat you right away. I glanced down at the list to see a good 5 or so tables seated before us. Wish they would have tried at least walking around the waiting area once to see if we were still waiting. Didn't even get an apology.

Now that I'm finished with my rant, I must say the food was great. We had the Imperial Fish Fry on recommendation from a friend, and it was awesome. It was cheaper than their Friday fry specials and they serve it daily.
This is definitely a place that puts its makeup on and is totally presentable to mom, but underneath she's kind of just OK. The menu is fairly large and will have something for every kind of picky eater except the one that wants really good food or drinks. It's all kind of expensive, too.

The best part about the Dane is the location and the games. It's really a good place to hang out - something that downtown just doesn't have. Playing pool or darts or shuffleboard is really nice when you've finished every last episode of The League.
Maybe the people who give this place a positive review are experiencing it through beer goggles? As a non-beer drinker, I am not impressed. There are plenty of better places to spend your money.
Great Dane sits along the corner of a few streets and the space spans a traditional dining room, bar, and pool/darts section with tables. 

We came here later on a Thursday evening and the place was hopping. Despite giving our number and getting a confirmation text with a wait time of 15 minutes, after 30 we'd heard nothing. I checked in with the hostess and said they had no wait list and must have missed up. I generally like this system of text/calling, but it has to work. Fortunately, this was the only misstep we encountered. 

The menu is eclectic. Burgers, local favorites, pub food, Indian, and African fare to mention a few categories. I had the African Peanut Stew and a pretzel. Both were great. The pretzel was awesome! It reminded me of being in Bavaria!

Others in my party enjoyed the cheese steak with jalapeno sauce and the burger with sausage. Clean plates and compliments all around. 

While the place was big and busy, our service was quick, efficient, and impressive. I'd come back if I was ever in town again. I don't think you can get tired of their menu options!
Don't miss this gem of a "beer garden" in Madison. The best seat in the house takes a  little effort to find. Skip the bar and pool hall, go downstairs and through the rathskellar...you'll pop out into a Wonderland.  The menu rocks, service is way friendly with a smile (we loved Elise and Joel)...the beer bread and honey butter is delish.
Average food.  Cheese curds were like an archaeological dig through the breading to find the cheese.  I guess bread is cheap and cheese is expensive, but cheese curds are supposed to be all about the cheese!  Prices are a little on the high side.  House brewed beer was nothing special.  I do not understand why people love this place so much.
Wow!
My sisters and I are from vegas visiting our older sister who lives in Wisconsin. Came here twice and loved it each time! Omg great beer great food! What more can you ask for? Can't wait to go to next years beer Fest and visit this place again.
When I think of Madison I think of this place. The beer is great, the food is diverse and extremely we'll made and the building is beautiful. I've heard raves about the African peanut soup(or whatever) but I opted for the brats and cheese curds.
I had dinner here with a small group of business travelers.  We each tried a different one of the local Great Dane beers, and they were all pretty good (I had the Landmark Lite, which was a pretty good ale).  We had the cheese curds appetizer (when in Wisconsin, right?) and they were very good - not too heavy or greasy.  

I and another one of our party had the steak special, which was very flavorful with Cajun seasoning.  The meal also came with a corn and bacon succotash - wow, yum!  

When it came time for dessert, I wanted just a little something sweet, so the waitress offered to get me just a single scoop of one of their ice creams.  I had the Scotch Ale Caramel Crunch ice cream and it was REALLY good - plus she only charged me the "ala mode" price for the scoop!
Terrible service. The staff was incredibly rude and disrespectful. It was made very clear that customer satisfaction was the least of their concerns. I would highly recommend finding somewhere else downtown as there are many wonderful restaurants that far outshine this one.
The big ups:
POUTINE. Not great poutine....but still poutine.
Big space.
They take your cell number if there is a wait and text you when you are up. Good idea.

The not so ups:
Bones in my perch.
Dim lighting provides and "atmosphere," but everyone at the table, no matter their age, needed to use the flashlight capability on their phones to read the menu.

I ain't mad at it, but the company I was with was what made my visit here enjoyable.
Wisconsin is known for beer - years ago my dad worked for Heilman Brewery in LaCrosse.  The tradition continues at the four Great Dane Brewery locations.

I had to try the cheese curds. I was so stuffed I could only order another starter.

I went for the Juicy Brewskies - bratwurst and cheedar sliders with carmelized onions, dill pickle slice and horseradish mustard on a pretzel bun.  It was so big, it didn't ever fit in MY big mouth!  When I tried to squeeze it down, the cheese oozed out of the bratwurst patty!

The other food item I ordered was BEEF JERKY.  They have a jar of homemade beef jerky sitting behind the bar.  For $3 per piece, it was very fresh and tasty, albeit a tad bit salty.  Overall was perfect to go with the IPA I enjoyed.

The place was crowded for a snowy January Tuesday night in Madison... lots of different age groups and types of patrons.  In the other room were pool tables, and I didn't look around much beyond where we sat in the bar area and watched (then) #3 UW lose their first game of the 2014 season to unranked Indiana (boo!)  Despite the loss, the mood of the bar was lifted by the good beer and food.
Their Applewood Bacon Burger is one of the best burgers I've had. 

The seven ounces of local grass-fed beef is where it's at. Just the right thickness and perfectly griddled.

The thick-cut smokehouse applewood bacon is not just there to tag along; its meatiness stands out and holds its own in spite of the wow quality of the beef.

The slightly melted sharp cheddar rounds it all out and reaffirms that you in fact are enjoying this burger in America's Dairyland. 

The French fries are just the way I like em. Minimally seasoned and balanced as far as actual substance and overall crunch.

I appreciate how I can count on Great Dane for no frills, classic American deliciousness.
Very good Beer!  The food is not to bad either however lets be honest you are going there for the beer.
I had a great burger here. I met up with some friends and their family and had a nice dinner. Sadly I didn't get a beer.
I was in Madison last weekend for a Wednesday.  On Friday night there was a welcome reception, and afterwards a large group of out of town people wanted to go out.  Our of the locals in the group was an awesome guide and managed to get 20 so strangers to 2 cool bars.  We walked from the Hilton to the bar next door for a coffee shot, then came here to chill.

Upstairs has a bunch of games and feels like a fun sports bar.

Downstairs is more quiet and chill and has a bunch of seating.

They have a lot of beer on tap.  Other people loved he beer, and enjoyed trying a lot of different good house made brews.  I don't drink beer, so I got a cider which wasn't house made.

I got a plate of fries, which was a good size and very tasty and not expensive.

I liked that you can see the tanks where they are brewing.  (I don't like to drink beer, but I love to see it being made).

I like that different rooms here have completely different vibes.
I travel to Madison frequently for work.  I have eaten at several Great Dane locations, so I don't know that this is necessarily a fair representation of the location I'm reviewing.  

I quite like the Great Dane at the airport.  I always make a point of arriving at the airport early for my flight, regardless, so it's good to go there and have a few (or maybe 10) drinks and a little bite while catching up on emails and such. I highly recommend the tomato basil soup as a lunch, or maybe an afternoon snack.

I visited another location with a friend--not sure which location, since I don't know the city well--and I had what must have been a daily special, because I don't see it on the menu at the web site. It was a roast beef sandwich that was really quite salty. Something has to be extremely salty for me to object, but object I had to. The side dish of white cheddar grits was really just instant grits with a few cheddar shavings on top. Not good enough. The waiter very kindly replaced my meal with a very good soup from the menu--the potato and bacon soup, which I highly recommend. 

On another occasion I visited the location on Doty St., and had Mad City Mama's BBQ Meatloaf.  Although I'm not crazy about barbecue sauce per se, it was not overpowering, and the meat loaf was pretty good.  The garlic mashed potatoes could have used more garlic. I was satisfied with that meal.

My overall recommendation?  Pretty good, especially if you like beer. I'm not a beer afficionado, so much of what the restaurant offers is lost on me. Still, I'd go back for more food.
Kitchen's open till 1am (?) on a Friday night. I came here to satisfy my late night food craving after a night at Merchant. Got the fried cheese curds which were of course delicious and unhealthy. I also ordered the pork belly bun which I was pretty surprised to see featured on the menu. They were no momofuku, but good enough for a joint in Wisconsin at 1 am! My food took a while to come, but I am a patient man, even when hungry -- I think they just had a barrage of food orders right before the kitchen closed.
I've been to the Dane before, and it's been decent.  However, I'm waiting for a revolutionary experience.  It just hasn't happened yet.  I went there for the Superbowl with a few friends and sat near the bar.  The staff was not helpful.  I had to go up to the bar for everything and even then it was very slow service.  Unfortunately, my BBQ pork sandwich didn't make up for the poor service.
The numerous times I've been to the Great Dane have been fantastic! Their micro-brewed beers are excellent, with a range from deep dark stouts, porters, and deliciously boozy Scotch ales,  to hoppy, citrusy IPA's and lighter yet equally great pilsners and lagers. You truly can taste the care and craft in their brews! I also appreciate that though they have several locations, each one is unique unto itself, and not carbon-copies of each other. The food is also delicious, offering both tasty pub fare as well as more ethnicly styled dishes. I would recommend the fish tacos, and anything German-inspired they have to offer! The atmosphere is comfortable classic pub, without being a college bar or too stuffy. Great for fun dates, great food, and excellent beers!
Great place to get dinner, drinks or watch a game any day of the week. The menu is HUGE and you are bound to find something you like. They have a nice gluten free menu that includes some salads, a thai pasta, nachos and a few other options. The downtown location is really big an has 3 bars and lots of TVs. Even on a crowded weekend night you still feel like you have room to breathe unlike some of the other Madison bars.
I went straight to the downtown Great Dane when my flight arrived, since I had been up since 4am and they don't feed you on the airplane anymore.  The airport location of Great Dane might as well have a different name, because the food at the downtown location is WAY better.  I was feeling like some comfort food, and the chicken pot pie hit the spot.  It's an interesting preparation, and one that I am becoming more fond of.  Instead of pie crust all the way around, it's just the top that has puff pastry, and the sides & bottom are a ramekin.  Wisely, I took a small bite of the applesauce because it's served hot, not cold.  Maybe everyone in Wisconsin knows this, but you can't really tell just by looking at it.  Would definitely come back.
I am always on the lookout for good local beers, and on a recent trip to Madison I learned about the Great Dane Pub & Brewing Company so I decided at some point during my trip I was going to have to make a stop. 

I arrived one evening with a coworker and we decided that we wanted to sample some local beer and have a good meal. This place was pretty busy for a week night, which is usually a pretty good sign, however we didn't have to wait long for a table. Once seated we looked over the menu and immediately decided on starting off with an order of Cheese Curds, however these curds were somewhat of a disappointment. There really wasn't too much taste, and I almost felt like they came out of a box from the freezer.

For my main entree, I decided to go with the New London Fish Fry, which was haddock fillets dipped in the a Pilsner batter served with tartar sauce, lemon, Kohl slaw and fries. Overall the fish was great, crispy, flakey, and delicious. I paired my meal with one of their own beers, the Crop Circle Wheat which was very good and had a great taste.

Overall I was pleased with my visit to the Great Dane Pub, the staff was nice and friendly. The food was good, nothing exceptional, The beer was cold and delicious, however I wasn't as impressed with this place as I had hoped. If you are looking for a decent meal, with a locally made craft been then I recommend making the stop. Otherwise I actually prefer The Old Fashioned just down the street.
When my boyfriend and I moved to Madison (just 2 blocks away from the Great Dane) this past August, a family member gave us a gift card here and talked it up as the best restaurant downtown. This place is so overrated. It's basically an overpriced Perkins.
Our first time there I got a burrito and my boyfriend got their chicken pot pie. He loved it, but despite my asking for the burrito to be extra spicy it tasted like bland sock full of rice.
Despite this first experience, we returned a couple times for utterly forgettable meals, that is until we went last night for what will certainly be out last time.
The last few times I went, I figured I might have been ordering their worst menu items, but as a WI native I figured they couldn't screw up a Friday fish fry. Boy was I wrong. My cod tasted like cafeteria food that I would get from my grandpa's assisted living facility. The fish was bland and overcooked, and came with undercooked green beans with not even a pinch if salt on them. I could have gotten the same thing from a frozen entree at the grocery store. And then there was the Philly Cheesesteak that my boyfriend got; presliced roast beef with Velveeta sauce... Philadelphians would be disgusted. Not to mention that I had 2 whiskey sours that both tasted like vodka lemonades.
To top it all off we were given the wrong bill at the end of the night.
Don't waste your money or your time at this place. The Old Fashioned has a much better fish fry and the bartenders know how to mix a drink. Any other night of the week Get the bangers and mash at Brocach. Just go anywhere but the Great Dane.
This is definitely one of my favorite bars in Madison. My girlfriend took me to a couple of bars and restaurants around the Capital building, and I enjoyed my time in the Great Dane the most out of any of them.

The atmosphere is very laid back during the weekdays, which is a nice change of pace from the nights filled with drunken stupor whilst stumbling around State Street with all of my fellow inebriated, tuition paying colleagues. 

They brew their own beers here, and I think that they are all fantastic. My personal favorites are the Devil Lakes Red Lager, Crop Circle Wheat (seems to be their best seller), and the Pecks Pilsner. 

I've never had the chance to eat at this place before, but they seem to get their cliental to frequently order food (most everyone in here was eating), and the other people looked like they frequented the Great Dane quite a bit (a lot of businessmen stop by here during their lunch hour for a beer and a sandwich it appears). 

My favorite thing about this place is how nice their "bar games" setup is. I'm the stereotypical jock that obnoxiously ALWAYS has to be winning and thinks everything is a competition. Because of this, I'm an atrocious bar games snob. If bar games were the equivalent to being addicted to crack cocaine, this place would be my drug dealer on speed dial (just go with it?).

For starters, the thing that keeps me and my arm candy coming back for more is the shuffleboard. Not too many places have a shuffleboard, let alone a nice one like they have. Second, they have two nice electronic dartboards. The dartboards are located where dartboards should be; in the corner where no one walks by. I've been to too many bars where I fear that I might accidentally throw a dart into someone's jugular because people are constantly walking in front of me during a throw, but not here. Every time that I've been to this watering hole, I have always seen the dart boards in use. Lastly, but certainly not least, their beloved pool tables. I'm almost certain The Great Dane Pub on E Doty has been voted "The best place to shoot pool in Madison" two years running - and for good reason. They have four, count em' FOUR, sweet pool tables. They are very classy tables, and to take it a step further, some of the nicest pool table setups I've seen in a public establishment. The felt stretching over them is clean and crisp, the balls always seem to be in top notch shape, and their pool cue are sweetness. It's no wonder that they are perpetually busy.

Free pool and shuffleboard after 9PM on Sunday's!! But if I'm in town, I better not see your face around these parts because I'll have to hustle you in shuffleboard.

Overall, this place is the cat's pajamas in my opinion. If you are looking for somewhere to have a beer or two while you take your buddies lunch money in a game of pool, shuffleboard, or darts; I would come here without a doubt.
I have been a longtime fan of Great Dane, the hamburgers and fish tacos are some of my favorites. Always find it to be a great place for lunch, dinner or to just hang out and have some appetizers.
Open late, a lot of options for everyone, elevated bar food, great BEER, win-win situation. 
Please introduce desserts, a wider range then I won't have to go elsewhere to satisfy my sweet tooth.
I'm a big fan of the Dane, even though I often don't drink while there. Their food is always made with fresh, quality ingredients. It's a great place for vegetarians and people who are healthy eaters in general, while still appealing to those who prefer typical pub fare.

Tonight I ordered the salad with sashimi grade tuna. The tuna was truly excellent, which may be a surprise coming from a brewery. I am on a clean eating bender for a couple weeks so I requested a few modifications to the salad, to which they gladly obliged. This included replacing the soy-peanut dressing with their basil vinaigrette. What a great decision that was!

My husband had the Cuban sandwich, which is something he often orders. It was huge and he said it tasted great.

The staff are friendly and our waitress was prompt and took good care of us (and wasn't annoyed when I asked for modifications to my meal).

We visit Fitchburg and Cottage Grove Dane locations quite often with our cycling group, and we have found all locations to have consistent food quality and service.
The Mac n Cheese with sourdough breadcrumbs is out of this world. So creamy and warm and giant portions. Their in-house porter was also yummy. Big space and it was easy to grab a spot for four, even on a Saturday night. Would definitely return.
The burger is OK. Some beers are better than others. Really more like 3.5 stars. Could be 4 stars with some improvements to the menu.
Wir hatten die 24-er Chicken Wings Platte und sie war absolut genial! Allerdings muss man sagen, dass die extra scharfen wirklich zu ihrem Namen stehen - nichts für schwache Gemüter.
I can't say enough great things about this place.  There were a lot of choices in Madison, but we chose to go here our first night and subsequently the following day for lunch because the meal we had in the first place was THAT good.

The first night, I decided to branch out and I got meatloaf.  My dining partner ordered the steak and we both loved our meals.  Thank goodness there was a fridge in our room, because we went home with a lot of leftovers.

Their drinks were really good, too, and my friend went home with two bombers from there that he enjoyed thoroughly.  I would definitely be back!!
What to say? 

I have been to the Great Dane possibly a hundred times in the nearly 10 years that I've lived in Madison, so I feel like I should review it. 

Sidenote: I played Ulitmate Frisbee with MUFA for several summers, and we went there after our twice-weekly games for beer and dinner because they are the primary sponsor.  

I've been to every location in Madison, except the one in the Dane County Airport, and I even visited the Great Dane in Wausau after a funeral. No matter the location, The Great Dane has always been a solid three start experience for me. It's not knock-your-socks-off amazing, but certainly not bad, and the food is pretty consistent. In fact, my biggest gripe with the Great Dane has more to do with their customer service and some of their policies than the food or beer itself. 

First of all, their reservation policy sucks. They won't accept reservations unless you have a group of 8 people or more. Then, they won't seat you unless your entire group is present. They also don't make dining with a large group easy, as my next story will illustrate:

One time, my coworkers threw an informal going-away party for me at the Hilldale Great Dane. About 15 people from work showed up, and we all ordered food and drinks. It was a weeknight, and the restaurant was not excessively busy.  At the end of the night, we had racked up quite a bill. The waitress  refused to split our check for us. We only asked for it to be split 6 ways (by couple/family), so we weren't being unreasonable in our request. She refused.

Well, not surprisingly,  none of us working stiffs was willing to pick up the entire $300+  tab for the group, so instead, we had to fumble around with the receipt and try to mark our names next to each item so it could be charged to the appropriate card. Some people, who only had cash, had to awkwardly ask for change. It was a huge hassle. I think she wouldn't split the bill so she could charge automatic gratuity...however, we would have actually tipped more than 18% had she been a good sport about it.  Because of this incident, I have never gone back to the Great Dane with a large group. I would not recommend the Great Dane for any large group events, despite the fact that they have a lot of space. 

However, if you're just looking for a nice family meal, then the Great Dane is probably a good bet. Almost all of the menu items are tasty, but I especially like their chicken wings appetizer (in Habanero Hellfire) and their New Mexican nachos. Their burgers leave a little to be desired compared to other places in Madison, but the fries are delicious, when they are served hot. Their beer is not great, but it's not terrible either. I don't have children, but the restaurants seem kid and family friendly (with the exception, perhaps, of their downtown locale).

The Great Dane's recent expansions throughout the region have left it feeling a little bit "Chotchski-esque" in my opinion, but it's still probably better than hitting up Applebees.

In general, I  would recommend that the Great Dane become a bit more accommodating of its guests, and treat people as if they value their patronage, instead of acting like they resent having customers. I doubt the popularity of the Great Dane will last forever, and a restaurant can only get by on overpriced (albeit, still tasty) mediocre food and beer for so long...
The atmosphere is fun and authentic. The good was very good and exactly what I thought a pub should offer. The beer selection was superb if you are a real beer drinker. If your favor beer is PBR or Miller lite you won't notice a difference. Anyways the energy is incredible and for as packed as it was on a Friday night it still only took 15 minutes to be seated. Staff is very friendly and the service is quick.
I have been to the Great Dane many times for drinks and many times for lunch but never for brunch. I would have to say the food was pretty average.

Started out with a Bloody Mary and asked for it spicy. It was very good.

For food, I got the North Star breakfast with bacon and scrambled eggs. The homemade biscuit was awesome. The bacon and homefries (although small portion) were also both good.

My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict which I tried and the hollandaise sauce was bland. 

Now we didn't get the most extravagant brunch options on the menu, and they were good, But I expected better because I love a lot of their other lunch/dinner options.
Went here for Easter Dinner with our family, we picked up our daughter and bf in Madison after 3 hour drive from Chicago. Had the $15 lamb dinner, my wife and I ordered this after having the last two years and loving the lamb....But all stopped here !..This year some braniac decided to serve cut up sliced lamb medallions instead of the usual nice slab of lamb filet that we used to compare to being served a great piece of prime rib!....Needless to say we were both still hungry after eating,( my wife is 120 lbs/5'7" & me 165 lbb- 5'9") the teasponful of caulifower and two potato medallians didn't cut the mustard....The filler roll doesn't count either....Note to mgnt: Please return to the standard way you used to serve lamb, If you have to, charge me an extra $3 more and serve us an Easter lamb meal....especially if you are going to charge $15 per plate for a tasting.....We will be back!!!!!...Please no more lamb medallions!.....Say CHEAP! CHEAP!!!.....Not cool....Sorry because we really love this place...still left 20% tip...server was terrific!!!......fodd was still tasty but please go back to way Easter lamb was meant to be!!!......Also my son loved his bacon burger and I thought mashed potatoes were amazing,.....that is the side I would I gave you with the lamb...WOW....flavor!!!....and the others had a good meal with their heouvos eggs and some brais sandwich
Great Dane (downtown) has always been a regular stop for me. Service is always great and personable. Beer is good, but I feel as if the standards have gone down a bit since I've started. Maybe just a bad batch, but it will definitely not stop me from stopping by and shoot some pool or darts. I haven't played around with much food here, but from what I've had, brunch was excellent, while I feel some of the dinner food was overpriced for the quality.

RATINGS (A+  --  F)
Service: A-
Food: (Brunch: B+) (Dinner: C)
Drinks: B+
Price Point: B
Atmosphere: B+
Overall Experience: B
I've been to the downtown Great Dane, but more to the Hilldale site.  Good stuff.  Really.
Great beer.  Average food.  I don't go there if I don't want a beer.
Great Dane is more or less an institution in town, and I've been there many times but this review has to do with their brunch. Oy veyyyyyy!

So the location is, of course, ideal and it's a perfect meeting spot for some day drinking... i mean... bloody mary's and mimosas.... cuz I'm an adult and I wouldn't drink before noon unless it was called something classier. 

Anyways, so I had the biscuits and gravy and they were SO DRY! It was kind of like doing that crazy eating competition where you eat a spoonful of cinnamon and your entire mouth, throat and nose are instantly moisture-less? I mean, I've never done that before, but I can imagine that my experience with their B&G is similar enough. It caused me to guzzle my mimosa and water. 

The dining room was chock full of families and little kiddos. Now, I'm not opposed to taking your cutie-patooties out, BUT, my experience there wasn't pleasant due to the numerous screaming babies and kids with balloons frolicking about. Our server seemed about as over it as we were. We really couldn't get out fast enough.

There are better brunch locales in town.
Horrific,

Previously I had written reviews stating how solid you were. I WAS a regular. 

I know all of your managers by name, and have the phone number and email of your GM. I will be emailing this to her as well. 

I have no idea what has happened, but you have screwed up FIVE orders in a row--no matter what night I ordered food from you for pick up. You failed to send me a gift certificate (yet another one for your consistent errors) , and double charged my BF's card (which was quite a large order that night) and you told us you would NOT cover any NSFs that occurred. Your staff was RUDE to me when I used that last gift certificate for your gross errors. 
The last night that you screwed up and forgot MULTIPLE items (yet again, we had to return to your location and you only gave us ONE of the items you forgot, WTF!!!) you did NOT refund any money, and in fact, your female staff member huffed on the phone when I initially called just to say "HI., I'd like to place an order for pick up please?" And she went "ughhh!" and then transferred me to the up bar.
Sick of paying for food I never receive. 

You don't deserve anyone's business. We were regulars for years. W.T.F.
This was the first place I ate at in Madison and it was so great I went back the follow day. They have an eclectic menu to say the least and the first meal I had there was the Black & Tan burger with melted cheese sauce which melted in my mouth. A big plus about this place is they have sweet potato tater tots which are amazing and more healthy than regular tater tots/fries. The following day I had the New Mexico soup which had green chili in it which I thought was so random but it was very good. I had the Cajun chicken sandwich the following day which was amazing as well. The service was fast and very friendly. I asked one of the waiters directions that did not have the answer to but I literally watched him ask 2 other people to get the information he did and go out of his way. Great Dane's prices I felt the strength of their food was extremely reasonable and not overpriced at all. I would very much go back here if I visited Madison again, actually it would be the first step I make.
Fun place to hang out with friends for some beer. Also, must have the cheese curds.
Have always been a fan. My go-to whenever I go to eat dinner with a family member or friend, and now my go-to whenever I come back to visit. I like the one by Hilldale Mall a lot better than the one on the Capitol Square because there's a lot more space. 

Comfort food is what you'll find here...and comfort in general - you'll get more comfortable with the more beers you try. :)

My favorite dishes are the meat loaf and the smothered and covered chicken. (both fairly salty by the way - but the good salty...the kind of salty that makes sense). And if I'm feeling ambitious, the beer sampler. Sometimes it's a hit or miss with the meat loaf - most of the times I've ordered it it's been perfect and juicy. A few times it was a little dry, but just let them know and they fix it for you - how they fix it I do not know....
Great food and even better beer ordered the Mango Mahi Mahi delicious will be back for more
Run of the mill pub.

Consistent and simple. Great Dane's got a decent selection of drinks and food. Doesn't disappoint. You'll know because the place is almost always packed.

Their bagel/bacon/sausage burger is amazingly tasty and one of a kind. I've also tried their Asian pork belly bun, which was surprisingly good given how Asian food goes in Madison.
Good food. A bit pricey. Nice to take out-of-town guests. I like the second-story booths at the Cottage Grove Rd. location especially.
This is a fine brew pub. I wouldn't really actively seek it out for its food or beer but I think both are decent. If you play ultimate frisbee in Madison you find yourself in these establishments a bit too often.
Well, it's been 5 years since my first review for this location, and trust me when I say that I've been back several times since then. I usually visit with friends or co-workers, and typically after work or a work-related event.

Biggest issue? Service. Or lack there of.

Most recent visit was on 5/15/14 at around 2:30pm. Small group of us (six) walked in, found the pool table area, and grabbed a high-top table. There were maybe 4 people sitting at the bar, and one bar tender, who was standing in the corner.

We sat for a bit, browsed the beer menu, and waited for some assistance. And waited. And waited. And waited.

I got up, walked over to the bar, and asked if we could get some help. The bartender said, "Yep, what do you need?" I explained we were at the table and that we'd like to order drinks. "Ok, that's cool."

And then nothing. 

I guess there's no table service?

Anywho... we ordered a round of drinks, talked a bit, and left. The beers are ok - nothing outstanding. The food is typically decent, but most times, the service is lackluster at best. Sigh.
The Great Dane on the square is my go-to place to take people when we are up near the Capitol - here are the reasons why:

1) When we have visitors, there are almost always kids. LOTS of kids.  Today we had four adults and six kids.  The downtown Dane has a nice basement area with large tables that is perfect for big parties with children because, not only is there room, it's usually less busy so our rowdy kids won't bother nearly as many people.

2) They have a humongous selection of food. If you can't find something you like at The Great Dane, you should probably just stay home. They have everything, including good options for kids and vegetarian meals that are marked with a little carrot to easily identify them.

3) Beer is good for you. Especially beer that is not made by a big beverage company.  My favorite is the Crop Circle Wheat, but I'm a wheat beer girl, so anything with wheat makes me happy.

4) The food is good. It's not the best food you are going to find in Madison, but it's good.  The Mac and Cheese (which I've probably eaten 10 times) can be really hit or miss. Sometimes it's amazing. Sometimes it needs more sauce.  Today I had the grilled cheese, which is really more of a vegetable sandwich with cheese.  This is the second time I've had this, and it was substantially better than the first.

I really don't have anything bad to say about The Great Dane. Our server today seemed a little annoyed at having to serve a giant party of kids 5 and under, but one slightly peeved server does not a bad restaurant make...I think I said that right. ;)  

We will keep coming back to the Dane...it's a bit like a Madison institution at this point. ;)
Outdoor garden is awesome! Very good food & service was very efficient. Will be back next time we are in Madison.
I went here over Memorial Day weekend and had a lovely time.  I use a scooter and they were VERY able to accommodate so that was great.  We were a party of six with a couple different dietary needs and the server remained unphased.  I had the Mac and Cheese which arrived creamy and warm and delicious.  My partner had the fish and chips which he says were in the upper tier of his experience but not the pinnacle.  All in all a pleasant and easy dining experience
the beers were excellent - -I brew my own and have high standards for good beer -- the food was awesome - the environment was warm and friendly, my server was really nice and offered samples of many of the unique custom beers available.

I thoroughly enjoyed the craftsmanship and the experience
Had a great time.  It was a perfect summer night for beer. We ate on the patio - warm without bugs. Also a man spinning some tunes.   From Ohio and wanted to try Wisconsin beers.  The sampler was the way to go especially with cheese curds and beer bread.   My husband had the sausage plate - being German he never can resist - he like the favors.  I had the chicken pot pie - a little too thick but filling.  I think the prices were reasonable    We walked around the downtown for an enjoyable evening.
This location has just about the worst service I have ever had. I raved about Great Dane to my mother and her boyfriend while we were walking around downtown. Having been to the Fitchburg Great Dane, I thought we could expect service similar to what I was used to in Fitchburg. That was a mistake. My mother and I were in the mood for a margarita so we each ordered one. The margarita tasted like watered down limeade. Keep in mind, I had nothing else alcoholic to drink that day so it wasn't because I was already up to par tolerance wise. I alerted the waitress to this, which is where our terrible experience began. She copped an instant attitude and stomped over to the bartender, who in turn started to throw things around. All I asked for was an additional shot, which we would pay for, so that we could add it to our margarita. The attitude only continued to get worse after that. Then we got the bill. The 2 tequila shots we 16 dollars. I beleive that out of spite we were given a high end tequila, when I specifically asked for bottom shelf. What has happened to customer service today. I wasn't asking for anything for free. I just wanted to taste the tequila in my one drink of the day. Hard day or not, when in customer service, you must create an experience that keeps the customers coming back. In this case, not only do I avoid this location, but I tell others about my experience. The Fitchburg location has never disappointed me.
Cheese curds were good but don't eat too much because you'll have a tummy ache afterwards. Great Dane pub wings was ok, there wasn't anything special about it. Buffalo Mac and Cheese was way too cheesy. Overall, food was ok but staff was friendly and welcoming.
If you go to Madison Wisconsin you have to stop by the Great Dane.  I think it might actually be a law in Wisconsin or something.  But seriously, the Great Dane has to be Madison's most famous bar and has been a staple there for decades.

I have been to the capitol area Great Dane location probably a half dozen times over the past 10 years.  The food is always excellent, the beer is always really good, and the atmosphere is always great.  

If you go during the warmer parts of the year, I would recommend sitting outside.  They have a really cool outside eating area.

One last thing, in all the times I've been there, the staff has always been great.  College kids that don't take things too seriously so they can be fun.

Definitely visit the Great Dane when you are in Madison, you won't be disappointed.
food delicious, service is spotty and server dependent...
For what seemed like hours or days in the car with stopped into 
this lovely place on a suggestion from a friend who goes to college here. I'm totally famished so I quickly order a Devil Lake Red lager and a flight of beers to warm this southerners cold dead body. After that I ordered a cup of West African peanut stew and an assorted pretzel basket with beer cheese sauce and cranberry mustard. Once my appetite was wet I order the German sausage plate w hot apple sauce a great choice in the middle of winter. I polished off my flight and had yet another great beer called Potters IPA. I really enjoyed my meal here and all the beers I had to wash it down, I may have forgotten a few items but that only means I had a great time here in Madison, Wisconsin. After eating I was quite full and warmed up. 5 stars easy!
The owner's response is incorrect. NO one has contacted me. No one has emailed me since my last email to you directly as well. You are a liar. 

In an email from your establishment, you suggested that I take time out of my day to come to your establishment to explain to your waitstaff what the issues are. Multiple members of your waitstaff, including management ARE the issue. I explained this in an email to you. I've been treated rudely over the phone and in person multiple times. Your DM had previously stated that this was because of how much I used to frequent your establishment--that my large number of bad experiences were because I was a regular customer. That is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard! I get bad experiences because I spend my money and pay your wages more often than other people? Are you f@#$%^&* kidding me???!!!

Again, multiple times, in a row, you forgot items when I picked up orders to go. Your waitstaff was rude in person and over the phone.No one is checking orders. I used to manage restaurants and work every position in one. I would make drastic changes if I were you.

If I came to your establishment, ordered food, ate it, and did not pay for it--you would call the police and I would be charged for defrauding the establishment. 
In this case, I paid you and you did not (on multiple occasions) give me the food that  I paid for. You also double charged my bf's card, and when we came in to eat breakfast with a gift certificate I asked the waitress what happened to any unused portion. She became very upset (I was very nice), rushed to get the manager, who very sternly told me there would be no cash back. Excuse me, I never asked for cash back, I asked if the left over would be issued on a new certificate. I don't want your handouts. You have me confused with "one of those people". 

I have found much better places to spend my money on  weekly if not biweekly basis. I was never rude to any of your staff. I was always polite. Same with my bf. You have consistently screwed up over the last six months.

One final thought: I live very close by (that is why I spent so much money here! convenience!), and noticed a family entering your establishment. You might want to remove TYGA from your hold music if you are trying to be a family place. I've never heard of Tyga previously, and it was only while being on hold hearing "bouncing on my d$%^ that I had to Google it to find out what the heck was being played. Do your associates choose your hold music??????????????

As an owner, I would ask myself "did I hire new employees or new management within the last six months?" I am guessing so. Make the needed corrections before you permanently lose more regular customers.
I moved to Madison in October and have been to the Great Dane about 7 times since. I try to eat something new every visit (doesn't always happen that way) but I have never had a bad meal. I am also a huge fan of their Old Glory APA. Good beer, good food, helpful staff!
Went to the one in Fitchburg on Sunday and - sigh - it was super crowded and the hostess was downright bitchy. They have a brunch and a limited menu (it's the late night menu) until about 2;30. Brunch is $17.....very rich food for the most part. Eggs, desserts, donuts, soup & salad, small peel & eat shrimp, chef carved meat, biscuits & gravy, hush puppies, waffles, bacon, and more. Most of the food by noon was a little past its prime but the servers and staff were definitely hustling. Save yourself attitude and make a reservation if you go on a sunday. Otherwise, the beer if solid. PS it's also a noisy place inside, my 70-year-old dad couldn't hear me above the din.
Went there for the first time last night and was unimpressed with the service. Our waiter never came back to our table to check on us, see if we needed any refills on our drinks or ask if we would like dessert (assuming they have dessert.) Instead, he came back and left the bill on the table. I had the mac & cheese, which was good, but not worth returning for such poor service. The restaurant wasn't busy enough to account for it either. Won't be back.
Fun place with a huge menu of options to choose from. HUGE portions, and this is coming from a Chicagoan! Very nice, would definitely be back here again!
I love the Dane and could never manage to give less than a 4 star review for the place. I would give it five stars, but I don't really like the environment here as much as the other locations. Which is a shame because I live right down the block. Their food is fantastic. The burgers will never disappoint. The Nakoma nachos are too pass up. The beer bread and butter are divine. So far the only thing I've had here that I didn't like was the calamari. Oh well, a place is allowed to have one bad thing on their menu. I spent a chunk of my last birthday here and enjoyed the large tables down in the basement. I do love how that area looks and feels, just not the top!
I had lunch there this week and got a buffalo burger with pub fries.  The food was good and the service was fine.  There was nothing that struck me as amazing.  I at lunch for during work hours so I didn't want to try a beer, which depending on the taste altered the rating.  I do enjoy a good stout.
Love this place!
if i could give this place less than one star i would.

this place was horrible. i had a habenjero burger - i think they mixed the pepper with garlic. it wasn't spicy at all. the fries are also coated in garlic and ... i ate a good lot of them because they were bareable, but they were pretty damn gross. the house beers are lame.

it was WAY over priced for food that didn't deserve to be on a Chili's menu.

just please. go somewhere else.

also, my girlfriend had a martini and there was a pit in the olive... that was a bit startling.. so, if you DO go, be prepared for that.
I went to Gordon Biersch for a birthday party at the beginning of the month.  I had fun, but it had little to do with the establishment.  We had a special "deal" of $17 because we were such a big party.  There were soft drinks included in the price, but alcohol was more.  I have no issue with this, but the food was not very good.  I had a pasta dish and it was fine, but I am not dying to eat it again.  Then, we get our bills.  The price was not $17, there was additional tax and tip added on (which again is fine, but deceptive when we were told it would be $17 per person).  Then, my pregnant friend had a cranberry juice and sparkling water.  This apparently was not on the included menu and she was charged a $2 alcohol fee for her non-alcoholic beverage.  It just seemed a bit fishy to me.  Had it been an excellent meal, I wouldn't care about a few bucks, but it was just ok.
Looks like  solid twos are the thing here.   Was seated quickly,  order taken quickly and  first round of drinks all appeared. Going quite well. 
The garlic fries  came out shortly after and  that's when it started to go from  4 stars  downwards.  

Cajun Pasta :
 Nothing original or subtle,    I should known better.   Monotonous taste with all the right shapes present but it's a hit of their sauce and that's all you get for the rest of the meal.  

NY Steak Sandwich 
Massive,  but dry. The sauce was minimal and  the lack of drinks stopped Erin from getting through more than a third of it.  Also had those wonderful garlic fries but they either need to revisit the sauce  and  perhaps trim the gristle off  come to think of it this was a lame $14  sandwich.  

Coffee :  Tepid,  like it's being heated by a lamp.  Only had to suffer two of these. 

Service: Started out great but  the drinks stayed dry for most of the meal. This was not on game night, rush hour  so it looked like the usual mis match of staff to customers that seems to be Phoenix area speciality in casual dining.     Mediocre   to the point that I can't even  make fun of the place   it's just not worth it.  For non beer drinkers I can't see this being a place to seek out when  their close, but tastier analog that actually has hard cider, Yard House, is within a mile away.
Went here with husband for some drinks at happy hour. We asked about the specials and were told about the specials on beers and martinis. I am not sure what the happy hour prices were but lets just say that the martinis were $5, according to our waitress. I asked what kind of martinis they had and decided on the lemon something or other. My husband ordered the house brew that was recommended by the server.

When the drinks came mine was very yummy. The husband took a nice big drink and thought it was yummy too ( not his words, though). After he put the glass down after taking a drink I noticed that there was some things floating in the glass. We were not sure what it was...it looked like just a bunch of debris floating around. He almost lost it. We showed the server and she was very sorry and returned with a new one. I ordered 2 martinis and he finished his beer and did not feel like having another so we asked for the bill. When I looked on the bill I noticed that the drinks were not the prices that she had stated when we came in and aasked about the specials. The beers was $2 more than she quoted...and my martinis were not $5...they were $9.50. Just at that moment the manger came by and asked how we were doing, I asked about the bill and was told that the happy hour price was for a smaller glass than what my husband had and that only the house martinis were $5 and mine were not house martinis. 

When the husband ordered the beer he asked what is the happy hour special...what do you recommend...and that is what she brought. Same thing about the martinis. I felt schwindled. He adjusted it. Thanks .

We did not order any food, but the menu was very pricey. That better be some good eats!!!
The menu looks really good but the food doesn't deliver the only thing I liked about this place was the garlic fries but fries are really hard to mess up.
I decided to stop in before going to see Sarah Brightman at Jobing Dot Com Arena. I was off to a late start but wanted to enjoy a good meal before the show to make a night of it. 

I enjoyed the ambiance of the place right off. The usual dark wood and dark booths but I liked the decor. It just looked 'comfortable' to me for lack of a better word. 

The place was busy....most of it seemed pre-concert rush. I was told my server would be right there and then in a minute or so the manager came over to get a drink order. My server was at an adjacent table and seemed to be dealing with a 'problem' table. From what I could hear it seemed to be one of those "I want this....BUT with this and not with that...and with this on the side...." type of tables. So he was busy. 

They had a special menu that was featuring a pork tenderloin with a maple glaze that sounded really good. I did ask the server if it was a quick dish to come out and was told they were all ready out of it for the evening. Which was fine....hey, you snooze, you lose. So I ordered the goat cheese ravioli. 

It came out pretty quick and I was actually quite impressed with the dish. It was served with some sauteed spinach and had a handful of pine nuts tossed in. Pasta, goat cheese, spinach, pine nuts....right up my alley. Don't think they could go wrong with that for me if they tried. 

On the special menu they were offering a pumpkin cheesecake which sounded awfully good to me. I checked the time and I was doing pretty good so I was debating if I should get a slice. 

Well, all of a sudden my server dropped off my check. "Whenever you're ready". Okay....no dessert I guess. He picked up my empty plate and was gone. 

I wasn't quite sure if he knew I was headed to the show like the rest of the patrons or he just wanted me gone and out of there. I did ask him about the quickness of the pork tenderloin so I'm not sure if he just assumed I was in a hurry and was trying to help me out or what. As a whole I really hate getting my check without being offered anything else or while I'm still eating...but I'll give the server the benefit of the doubt with this one. 

On the way out I did ask when they closed because I was thinking of coming back for the pumpkin cheesecake after the show but they closed at 10 so that wouldn't work. 

So, next time I'm in the area I'd like to check it out again when I have some more time. Some of the menu items sounded pretty good and like I said earlier I did enjoy the atmosphere so I would like to relax and enjoy a meal there at a not so hectic time. 

A solid three stars.....and hopefully will bump it up with a review update when I get to visit a second time.
Great beer, clean & modern brewpub atmosphere, and the food is above average as well.

If you're not into craft beer then you may not appreciate this place.  

Beers are served in traditional 0.5litre glasses.  Seasonal brews offered 4-6 times per year.  Maibock is excellent.  Hefe-Weizen is excellent.  

Don't skip the garlic fries.
Stopped in for dinner before the Coyotes/Stars game. 

It wasn't as busy as last time I was there.....so the place was more relaxed and seemed calmer. 

My friend and I split a couple of dishes and we both enjoyed the food. 

Service was prompt and friendly.....Michael(as in female server) did a great job.

And try the apple bread pudding for dessert......way yummy. 

Will definitely stop out the next time I'm in the area for dinner again.
Lots of Beer.  Great Pretzels. Great mustards.  
The PRETZELS were off the hook.
Warm soft fresh 
Perfect with a cold beer.  Get the sampler just for the Pretzels.
I forgot you can smoke at a restaurant.  I don't smoke but I apprciated that my buddy left the table for a while.  On a business trip and I was tired of seeing him.
Sorry Jason
We came here after a (very) long day trip to the Grand Canyon... didn't walk in until close to 10 PM. The bar was fairly dead due to the U2 concert being held down the block, which was A-OK for me. Obviously with a name like Gordon Biersch, German-style beers are the mainstay, including Hefes, Schwarzbiers, and others.

For beer, I started off with the Golden Export (which went surprisingly well with my very large pulled pork sandwich) and later had a Schwarzbier. Both were pretty darn good.

The food was made pretty quickly, though I don't know how much of that had to do with the U2 concert and/or the time of night. Our server was friendly and even asked if my dad wanted only half a slice of double-fudge cake since it was so big. The pork sandwich was very flavorful and the coleslaw lining the lower bun contrasted perfectly with the tangier barbecue sauce. I wasn't sold on the chips, though. They were hot, but they were bland, even with the bit of seasoning they came with.

I'd go back, sure, but I think I prefer Four Peaks more. I'm willing to give GB the benefit of the doubt on the chips, as maybe it was an off-night or just with being so late or whatever. But even though I like the styles of beer they have, I like the wider variety the Peaks locations have.
Was in the area for the Coyotes-LA Kings game and all the other restaurants in the arena/stadium area were crowded and had long waits 1 1/2 hours before game...but Biersch had room at the bar...this was during happy hour for food.,..ordered a personal pizza for $5 and garlic fries for another $5....they were good....and it was great that I could eat without secondhand smoke seeping through....bar was inside on one side and outside on another...nice fireplace outside... bartender Rachel was real sweet and great....after game wanted to wait for traffic to clear so Biersch it was again...Rachel wasn't there and got Suzi as a server....Suzi was also a sweetheart and a doll and was always smiling...and was frisky in a friendly way....something that you rarely see now a days...you want to spend more and tip a lot when ladies are like that...ended up staying till midnight and I offered Suzi a $20 tip on a $26 bill...she wouldn't take it and wanted me to tip 20 percent instead...she gave me a hug and it was nice...I told her I'd be back the next day after the Cardinals game....returned just after half time...and Suzi was there and happy to see me...every time Suzi came by she gave a hug or pat or rub on the back...if I lived in PHX we would probably be friends...stayed until about 8 when it got to be time to go home....this time she accepted a $20 tip on a $27 bill after a little prodding...Suzi asked when I would be back...I said probably not until next year...she said she'd probably move to Seattle before then to go to school....that would be a big loss for Biersch because Suzi is one of the best servers I've ever had...I could have gone to many other places that didn't charge as much for food and drinks but didn't want to take a chance on less than pleasant staff and came back to a sure thing...to Biersch because of Rachel and Suzi.
Stopped here before the Bon Jovi concert.  And no, I was not one of the 40-something gals that looked like my dress was manufactured in a scissor factory hobbling around in 6-inch stilettos hoping to attract the attention of the god of 80's rockers.  But I highly recommend attending such a concert, if for nothing else, the people watching.  And not just for the women.  I thoroughly enjoyed the guy in front of me and his air drumming skills.

Anywho, back to Biersch's.  It was packed, but we did find a seat on the patio.  I liked that the bar was open to both the restaurant and the patio, so that you could sit at the bar but still be outside.  I was concerned about being late, but my husband, who is apparently way cooler than me, schooled me in that it's perfectly acceptable to arrive late.  Uh, when it's over $300 for 2 tickets, I want to see EVERYTHING.  In spite of the crowds, our server Michael, was on top of it, as was the bar.  Drinks came really quickly.  The kitchen was a little slower, as was expected, but still reasonable.

We ordered the Brewer's Feast ($17) which included Kobe sliders, garlic fries, southwest egg rolls, and hummus.  The sliders and fries were 4.5-star good IMO, egg rolls 4 stars, and hummus 2.5 stars since the crostini was not very good.  We also ordered one each of the mini dessert tasters...strawberry cheesecake, chocolate cake, brownie mousse, and apple bread pudding.  None were outstanding.  I think the mousse was my favorite.

Not sure a full meal would garner my 4-star rating, but for drinks and appetizers, I'm a fan.  And we were on time!  BTW, when did a t-shirt become 50 bucks?  I'm pretty sure they were not that much in 1986!
We stopped by here on Sunday late afternoon after a movie at the AMC.  I've driven by here many times and was always curious.  I love a good brewery.  Usually the food is good in breweries as well...but not here.  I should have paid closer attention to the 3 star rating on Yelp!  Yikes...

It was cool and raining outside so we both ordered the Lobster Bisque...it was really nasty.  It was very slimy and mucusy tasting.  We were served bread, it's a kind of flat bread that is usually served with herbs and oil, but this bread was cold and served with cold hard butter.  It wasn't very tasty.

My companion ordered a chicken sandwich with the garlic fries...I ordered the daily special for a hamburger and garlic fries.

Both sandwiches were mediocre at best. Honestly it's a tastier hamburger at Sonic.  I didn't taste the fries because by this time I was just disgusted at the whole meal.

On the plus side, our server was very good as was the beer. Unfortunately for our server she made the mistake of asking if everything was good.  Now I wouldn't have ever said anything if she hadn't asked, I would have just left and never went back. But she asked and I told her how it just wasn't very good.  She did everything she could to make amends, offering us free dessert etc.  

We weren't there to take advantage or to try and get a discounted meal, it truly wasn't good and I truly won't go back.
It's very hard for me to enjoy a house brewed schwarzbier that, to me, tastes more like Bud Light with a hint of acrid smoke flavor than what I consider to be true schwarzbier. That was the one and only thing I truly didn't enjoy about the items I consumed during my visit to the 'Biersch.

The shrimp and lobster tacos were the closest to seafood heaven I've come to this far inland and in a chain joint. Fresh lobster and shrimp tossed around in some amazing cream sauce and then put between a hard shell, it was REALLY REALLY good. The rice and beans my meal came with were pretty bland, but I don't care. My fanaticism about my tacos probably comes from the price to quality ratio; you see, I'd have paid much more for these tacos in a nicer restaurant and they still probably wouldn't have been as good. The garlic fries we shared as an appetizer were good, but some of them were overcooked and others were soggy.

Our server was trying a little to hard, to the point that he was becoming more of an annoyance then a real help. We'll forgive him, he still did a decent job.
4 Stars for the staff.  Who knew we were headed into the middle of the craziest night Glendale has seen - both a Paul McCartney concert and a WWF event at the same time.  If we had only known - dinner would have been planned for somewhere else far away!
We opted for the happy hour in the bar as a couple of seats were open and were immediately greeted by a bartender who was sweet and energetic.  We were not rushed even though they were packed.  We split a chicken cashew salad which was ok, kobe sliders which were good and homemade potato chips with blue cheese, scallions and bacon which were well...finger licking good!  Great prices for the food and beverages.   Great staff.
Thought the reviews here were low for this place! I thought was GREAT!
Happy hour prices were good the beers were great!!!  THE FOOD WAS VERY GOOD!!! LIKED THE AMBIENCE OUTSIDE SEATING WITH A BIG FIRE!!! HAD A GOOD TIME!!!
I was in town with a couple of buddies for the Dodger's spring Training. This was the only restaurant we recognized back from Cali so we stopped by. 

1.house brewed  Hef
2.Hummus and Goat Cheese Salad
3.Pulled pork.

Enough said :)

Before we drove back to Cali we had to stop again for take out ..and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. yum.
Never before have I ever encountered a restaurant themed after mediocrity until dining here tonight at the Gordon Biersch restaurant. Our server, let's call him Manny, was so lifeless and chillingly disillusioned, I feared for his general well-being. The way he shuffled about on this Saturday night left much to be desired from his service skills. But enough about Manny. To the food.

The food was blandness itself. The only way to reassure myself that I was even eating food was through the mechanical motions of my mouth churning up and down and the swallow reflex. Otherwise, I'm not sure I had any experience with what could be called a meal at all. The sandwich I had was dry, like the Arizona desert surrounding this quaint little community. Its only redeeming quality was the avocado and ranch in my sandwich. However, when the taste of a sandwich stems not from the meat but from the sauces, it is a failure in my book. Condiments should be complimentary, not all-encompassing. 

Praise must be given to the garlic fries, however, I was pleasantly surprised to find a whole clove of garlic had found its way into my pile of garlic fries, which I promptly scarfed down. That clove of garlic was easily the best bite of the night.

Yes, I would return to this restaurant. It was not at all a negative experience. Just a shame that the server was a zombie and the food I had ordered was a little bland. I'm sure a couple of beers with some comrades would certainly enliven the experience for a 2nd visit. As for first impressions, the restaurant has made its mark on me, and thus, I mark it back with merely 2 stars.
Up until last night the only Gordon Biersch I every tried was the concessions at Chase Field. It was there where I fell in love with their garlic fries. 
After leaving a Cardinals game, my friend and I decided to stop in for a snack and a beer or 3. As we drive up we see the sign...Happy Hour Daily (including Weekends) until 6:30. SWEET!! We took our seats at the patio bar and were quickly greeted and served. The happy hour menu had some great, very nicely priced options. And of course I just want the garlic fries. 
The patio was great and casual and the inside was warm and contemporary but still casual. As the sun set the fire pit got going and provided some nice ambiance. 

It was also on this night that I performed my good deed for the day....from out of no where came a sharp, shrill SCREAM!!!! Everyone turns in the direction of the commotion. I look over to see a man and a lady in a panicked state, jumping around....What was it? What's wrong? The whole restaurant is looking. They could barely speak, mostly pointing I see it....a very large grasshopper, about 3-4in long sitting on the edge of the lady's chair. Quickly and without hesitation, I offered my services calmly but quickly going up to the chair and capturing the grasshopper and then walking over to release it over the patio wall. The man he was embarrassed but I received a gracious "Thank You!" from the lady. And plenty of "Good Job!" from my fellow patio patrons.
OVERPRICED LOUSY bar food.  WTF to this place.  we all ordered the tacos, we could have done better at taco bell,  $15 for two weird overly fishy tacos with a pile of crunchy undercooked plain white rice with a blob of black beans on top. $10 for a plate of rubbery strange tasting wings and the best yet was paying $5 for a SMALL  plate of limp cold garlic fries. it came to $100 including tip for three of us and we were there during happy hour and only had one drink a piece. NEVER EVER again this place sucks, pardon my french lol.
The restaurant is pretty comfortable.  The chairs and booths are really comfortable and a great spot for large groups.

The service can use a real improvement.  6 of us met there for dinner not knowing that there was a Coyotes game going on.  The bar was really busy but the dining area was, at best, half full.  Our food took forever and my glass of water was empty most of the meal.  I had ordered wine and asked for it to come with my meal but he gave it to me with the waters along w/ everyone else.  

the food was alright.  pretty basic.  the meal could have been at Chili's, Applebees or any other assorted chain.

I would like to check their happy hour out one day, I sense it's a good deal.
After a long day if travel, I dragged myself in hoping for just a decent meal. I started with the House Salad with Jalapeno Ranch. Wow, kick and flavor! This "basic" salad had candied pecans, bacon and cheeses. Emboldened, I ordered the crab cake entree. Two decent sized crab cakes had so much lump meat that crab claws were poking out from all sides. I substituted asparagus for the garlic broccoli and got a nice amount of thin savory stalks. Jasmine rice was very mediocre but everything else was so great, I let it slide. 

By the way, I'm not a huge beer drinker and the fresh lemonade was sweet and light!

Service was great, too. My waiter was upbeat and attentive. 

I'll be back!
Great food, great beer and awesome service.
Stellar service, tasty drinks, and awesome happy hour! Spend way too much time here.
I have been using Gordon Biersh weekly for a team event for almost a year, and every time I have had incredible staff, great food, and every convenience.  The manager's treat you professionally and have really done a great job for us.  I highly recommend this location!
Great service, great food and nice atmosphere.  I liked that they had a lighter menu with fewer calories - definitely a bonus!
My 16 year old chose here to eat for his Birthday dinner and it is his choice EVERY time he is given on. :-) The employees never treat the children as if they are not wanted. VERY much a family place as well as being a place that my hubby and I can go and have a night out alone. 

The food is great and ALWAYS well flavored. I haven't had a bad meal yet. The beer makes my man happy as well! 

We recommend and continue to take family and friends when they come into town. 

The service staff is always welcoming and very knowledgeable.
Was it just me?  I tried two different beers here and they both were bitter.  The one that was supposed to taste like Blue Moon didn't.  
This place seems to have a few locations, so someone is drinking this beer; but, as a beer lover, it won't be me unless they prove to me that they have one beer that is not so bitter.  I'm not into the beer bite thang at all.
Yes, I realize some people just loooove their garlic fries, but, for me, the smell was so overwhelming it was making me sick..and they weren't even my fries but my friends.  I tried pushing them so far from my nose as possible...just sickening to me.  
Now to the food:  I ordered the pork sliders as an appetizer.  The pork was ok but the buns were kinda hard like they had sat out for an hour with no cover.  Huh?  That never happens at a restaurant and my friend (another good cook) had the same.
The service was fine, the location is great, the waiters were friendly...but I just don't like their beer or food all that much.  
Unfortunately, Gordon, I have to give you a "meh" and 2 stars.  I do so much want to love you but sometimes it just doesn't happen....sigh.
Reminds me of different guys who looked great on paper but I just could...not...get...into........yeah, been there, done that.
Gordon Biersch, I love you so much. I'm sorry I ever strayed from your happy hour.
Micro brewed beers! And they're decent. If you're like me and you prefer to step outside of the usual Coors Light and Blue Moon, Gordon Biersch is a solid choice. And speaking of choices, I was really stuck. I didn't know which one I really wanted. But there's no reason to let that be a hold up - they'll do a sampler, where you get a 3 ounce glass of each of the six beers that they brew on site. Golden Export, Hefeweizen, Pilsner, Märzen, Schwarzbier and the seasonal which this time is the Winterbock.

I decided to sit in the bar area, where they have a few TV's tuned into the latest sporting event. No sound though.

Nice menu of bar foods and decent entrees, but I stuck with something that would go well with the beer. The plate of housemade chips, which were topped with cheese and their winterbock chili. Excellent stuff, I cleaned the plate!

Overall, good good, good service, good beer. I'm a fan!
Okay, first off, I'm one of those people that come here strictly for food and not beer.  Don't judge me.

I've frequent this certain location off-and-on ever since Westgate opened.  The location is ideal --- far away from the bars, stores, and movie theater yet close enough for a short walk.  Parking here is always plentiful.  From all the times I've been here, I would say they're the busiest during dinner.  If you're lucky enough to make it here around 3 or 4, take advantage of their Happy Hour.  Food is generally cheaper and you get plenty of food.  I recommend the Slider Combo~

My favorite thing served here:  Either the garlic fries or lobster bisque.  Yum!
I am a HUGE fan of micro breweries. Gordon Biersch is cool... a little "chain-like", but the ambiance is great.  I felt like I was under dressed.

I had the seafood cobb, which was awesome. They use REAL crab here... thank god.

Hubs had a large burger... he loved it and loved the garlic fries. 

I had the Hefeweizen and hubs had a couple Schwarzbiers. Not bad at all.
Love going here for dinner. Great brews and perfect atmosphere. The Kobe burger is a few dollars more but is well worth it. The workers here are very nice and the food usually comes out pretty quick.
The service at this location is truly sub-par. 
I went here before the Radiohead concert, which was sold out, and the restaurant was very busy. I hate to be overly critical of the service at restaurants when they're slammed, but I felt the delays here were beyond what is expected. 
We were told the wait time would be 35 minutes, but it was really 45. This is one of my biggest pet peeves--I feel a restaurant should never underestimate wait times, so that customers can make an informed decision about whether to wait or not.  
One of the diners in my party is a vegetarian, and ordered a veggie burger. Thirty minutes after we placed our order, the server came back and told her the restaurant was out of veggie patties.  I can see no reason why the restaurant would not have discovered this for thirty minutes, other than that the restaurant did not start to prepare our order for thirty minutes. It then took about another thirty minutes for our food to come. I think it's unexcusable for a restaurant to take sixty minutes to serve food to customers once they're seated, no matter how busy.
However, the beer here is always delicious, and the food is fine.
Amazing staff, delicious food, mad good beer!
This place is always friendly and my big group of friends and I always have a good meal. I've yet to have a sub par experience. I love the grilled chicken breast with veggies, moist and flavorful. Desserts are always good and some come in half portions which is helpful. The outdoor area is great to sit by, especially when it's cold and the fireplace is roaring.
Great Service and Happy Hour Specials. Love to sit at the bar and the staff is very good.
Great happy hour!! awesome food!!
In a nutshell, come here if you want to dine or if you only want drinks during happy hour... NOT for the happy hour food.

Let me start off by saying that the ambiance is great: excellent lighting, decor, place settings, etc.  The bar area is like a classy sports bar and the noise-level is at a point where you can still have an intelligent conversation.  The food in the dining area is good and the service is solid.  The GB home brews are also pretty smooth and only run around $3.50 for a 22oz glass during happy hour.

The happy hour food is another story.  The Mediterranean Flat-bread and the Asian Fusion Combination are not only small, but they are also mildly gross.  The service is also very favorable to the regulars.

After you go to the Yardhouse for their happy hour, it's hard not to compare the two due to their physical proximity and since they have a semi-similar look.  However, the Yardhouse has better food, bigger sizes, and better happy hour deals.  But, GB is a decent stop if you need a break from the Yardhouse.
My husband read that this was a brewery so we had to try it. Arriving we were told it was happy hour but we could only have happy hour in the bar section. I was a little leery of sitting at the  for fear of noise but I was surprised that we could hold a conversation. We tried the beer sampler (which I recommend anyone who has never been here) and there is not a beer I wouldn't order.  My husband had the cashew chicken and I had the chicken/shrimp combo, the flavors had us debating who got the better meal. More importantly I feel that they did not skimp in meat like so many restaurants do

If there was one slight negative, I would have to say the bar was definitely backed up which didn't make sense since there we not many costumers in the restaurant. However weighing that against the positives of the night we will surely be back for more!
Good food, decent prices. I've never had a bad meal, but I've never been amazed. The beer, however, is awesome. I love the czech pilsner!
Great service, good food. Ask for Kryshel. Nice person with great service and smile. Good beers on tap
Yes ,it is a chain. Yes, it is one of the better chains. Yes ,the food is good. Yes, the ambience is good. Yes, it is clean. Wife and I went for lunch today. Everything was good / better then run of the mill. Fresh, appealing, two tiers above the run of the mill chain. Upper middle / lower upper class clientele. Comfortable place. 60 bucks for lunch for 2...so as I said upper middle / lower upper place. Enjoy.
Very good pepperoni pizza.  Big burger.  Good,friendly server
Came here for a second time on 11/02 for my birthday. There were 4 people in our group. I had the kobe cheeseburger which was a little bland and the fries seemed as if they had spent a few  rounds in the deep fryer. If I had known they didn't have the capability to blend my margarita I wouldn't have bothered. My boyfriend had the steak frites which looked like it has been regurgitated by a baby bird onto some fries. Towards the end of the meal the waiter was getting a little short tempered and we had to ask another waiter to bring us the dessert menu. Took 15 minutes just to get two desserts. Will probably not be going back. This is more of place to have some beer and watch a game. We called the manager and were told that he would be giving us a gift card for $140. I also did the online survey and received an e-mail from the district manager, I told him that the restaurant manager was taking care of the problem. 3 weeks later and I receive a gift card for $50, umm ok that didn't even cover what we spent on two out of four people. Food and management could use a renovation. If you are looking for a really good meal go to The Yard House right across from the theater.
Great Hefeweizen. Love the Garlic fries too. Nice large place. Great for haning out with friends after work or a movie.
My husband had the steak sandwich and said it was good.  I tasted his garlic fries and they did,t have much flavor,but most of all were not real hot and not crispy,
Just a kind of hardness.  Nothing to look at or tempt me to eat more.
I had the Kobe burger and will never have another. It looked hard and dark and was not juicy at all.  Maybe a burger  really should have some fat or they don't know what they are
doing .  I never use ketchup, but had to drown this burger in it for some flavor.  Yuk!
I so wish I would have sent it back, but our server was so nice.  This place is over priced and could take a lesson from Cheesecake Factory where everything is consistently GOOD.     Thank God we had a birthday coupon and got a break on the bill.  Free chocolate cake that was not moist except for the frosting.  Will never go back.    We don't care about the beer.
We are regulars here.  Nice place overall.
It is a chain restaurant with decent beer and decent food.  What gives this place five stars is excellent service.  Keep up the good job putting the customer first!  The managers at this restaurant could show folks in other industries how to treat people.
Chain resturant....not bad, dependable food.  Love the beer and some of the signature cocktails are decadent. Can get a little loud but the ambience has a good vibve.  Service was on par - anything is better than service in Flagstaff.
This place is great. I go here with my fiance all the time. They have one of the best happy hours around... 9-close every day (even weekends) with $5 cocktails and cheap appetizers. The food is really exquisite.
Fell in love with this chain while in Atlanta. This location didn't let me down! Great atmosphere and service was good. Love those steak frites.
Good beer & food but servers were in the weeds. They were busy so I understood.
I am giving five stars because the service was beyond expectations. I ordered the woodford bourbon salmon, and that was a BIG mistake for me....the sauce really made it inedible for me because I don't like BBQ sauce. Our very nice waiter insisted to have it changed to a new one with no sauce. Other than the sauce, everything else was very good. Highly recommended plates are baja sauteed fish tacos, cajun pasta, garlic fries, and burgers (any) so far. Will definitely come back to try something else.
Love this place, and they have one of my favorite all time beers, Marzen.  I usually go to this place prior to the Coyotes games, and of course, so do a lot of other people.  But the great thing is, even though the place is going to be packed, they still have happy hour (and HH prices) right before the game. 

For less money than going inside Jobing to eat, I get great beer, great food, with great service in a nice sit down restaurant.  And yes, even thought the place is packed with hockey fans, you still get great service.

The wings, calamari, garlic, tacos, and almost all HH food is great.  Even though it is a chain, it is still one of my all time favorites brewery restaurants.
This was my first visit to Gordon Biersh.  Upon arrival I thought the atmosphere was pleasant.  I was promptly greeted at the door and offered my choice of seating (Bar, cocktail lounge, dining area, or patio)  I chose to sit in the cocktail lounge and wait for my guest to arrive.  I was also quickly presented with a menu selection of dinner selections, craft brews, and wine.  

That is the last time I will use the word quick in this review.  It took about 10 minutes for the server to come by and take my drink order.  She did bring a water when she took the drink order which I thought was nice but now realize that it is because it took forever for her to come back with my beer.  From the time I walked in the door to the time she brought my first beer was approx 20 minutes.  I would have understood if the Bar was hoping and they were busy, but there just wasn't anything going on that would justify the 20 minute wait.  After my guest arrived I warned her to order her drinks 10 minutes ahead of time and we were okay the rest of the evening.  

The food was on par with the rest of the reviews.  I had the garlic fries, which were interesting and tasty.  She ordered asparagus and mushrooms and complained that they were a bit on the buttery side.  I was pleased with the atmosphere and the accommodations they even have a fireplace outside.  Unfortunately there is really only room enough for a small group around the fire and it was occupied.

I thought the place was pretty clean and kept up until I paid a visit to the restroom.  I can only guess as to how a public restroom in a nice establishment could be so trashed.  One of the Urinals was out of service with a trash bag over it followed by lot of littered paper towels on it.  there was toilet paper and paper towels all over the floor and sink counter.  It looked like a battle had taken place and I was looking at the fallout of TP war II. 

Overall, I guess it is what you might expect from a chain attempting to pass as a unique establishment.  It really falls to the staff and management to fix the negatives that I point out.  The Beer and atmosphere were nice.  I would go again but it may not be my first choice.
Great atmosphere, great food, great service, great music, great beer! Love the patio! We shared the  rib eye steak, and the brownie Sunday and had the Maibock beer. It was all great!
I asked my conference shuttle driver about this place and he said not to go there for steak.  I received a 10% off coupon from my hotel, and my hotel was close enough, so I went.  BTW, the receptionist was GREAT! 
I ordered New York strip (12 oz, med) and a mixed drink.  The steak came out in less than 5 minutes...and before my drink (the server had given me a water).  This was concerning!
Well, the drink was good (old fashioned).  The steak was med rare and scrawny (flat, thin and extra skinny).
Perhaps the other food is good, but other than conference people (easy to tell because it was on deafness...so signs were flying!) there were only 3 other tables at dinner time.  
Another issue was that my server was constantly behind.  I waited about 10 minutes for my check while she talked with a guy staff member by the empty bar.  She was young so I still tipped her OK anyway (not great, but we've all been young and flirty).  All in all I should have went to a place called Flemings where my driver suggested for steak.
Improvements: only serve food you do well, don't charge as much as a steak house (for steak) if you can't compete, keep a manager on the floor, and if a conference is in town the staff should know about it and maybe even learn something about that culture if it is so different.  I'm not deaf or hh but I could see that the staff serving those tables had culture shock!
Well, for a Saturday afternoon I was curious why there were few customers. Now I know.

The food was a complete disappointment. I started with a stuffed chicken breast accompanied by a quinoa rice pilaf and vegetables. The chicken prep was unexpected. Pre-cut into 4 separate pieces and the sun dried tomatoes mixed in with the cheese was overpowering. Reminded me of a pre-cooked chicken dish you can buy at Costco's freezer section. Their sides did not complement the chicken at all and the pilaf was completely cold. Turns out that's intentional. 

Sent this back and went onto Round 2 with the fish and chips selection. This was a complete miss as well. The cod was as tasteless as tofu. I suppose they use a Panko breading to attempt to jazz it up but it was a major fail. The coleslaw was the only thing I enjoyed. 

Waste of time and money.
Went here for Reverse happy Hour and had mostly positive results. Late night HH starts at 9pm and this place closes at 11:30pm. We ordered a $5 BBQ chicken pizza and garlic fries. The fries had to be returned because there was hardly any garlic on them. Previous visits around the country usually had too much garlic, so this was strange. The second version was better, but the garlic needed to be cooked, not thrown in raw. Pizza was decent, but undercooked. 
     The outdoor patio was the best part as we had the fake Fireplace area to ourselves after 10pm. Kelsey was also very nice as our waitress. The new beer that they featured also was tasty - something with an M in the name. Join the passport club and get $10 credit for next visit.
     My date was Jolly from YELP - my first yelp pickup. Another woman who took a free meal and disappeared.
We actually wanted to go to the Yard House but decided to try Gorden Biersch instead and we definitely had a good time there. We were there around lunch time and the restaurant wasn't that busy yet. We started off with their beer sampler for $6. It was a lot of fun to try all of those different beers. The hefeweizen was definitely my favorite.

We then ordered the fish tacos with a side of seasonal vegetables and a chicken sandwich with a side of their garlic fries. The portions were big and we were actually full after sharing the fish tacos and drinking all that beer. The tacos were very good and came in a crunchy taco that was hugged by a soft taco. Inside was the grilled fish, salsa, and a remolade sauce. The garlic fries were very good, as well. 

All in all we had a very good experience. Service seemed a little slow, considering my husband ordered another beer and we watched it sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes. Other than that, I'm sure we will be back..
My husband and I decided to go out to dinner, and we'd been talking about heading over to Westgate.  We both were in a burger mood, so our decision was made for us.  We've both enjoyed the burgers here in the past, and I was jonesing for some garlic!! (As a side note, neither one of us are really drinkers, so we don't go for the beer.)  It's been a while since we've dined here, so we figured it was about time to go back.

Being a Monday night, it wasn't too crowded, mostly patrons in the bar area watching the basketball game.  The dining room was practically empty.  We were seated immediately, and given the menus to peruse.  It had been a while since we've dined here, and the menus had changed a bit.

Hubby went with the BBQ bacon cheeseburger and I decided on the Kobe cheeseburger.  We both wanted the garlic fries.

It took a little while for our burgers/fries, but it was worth the wait.  The burgers were cooked perfectly.  I'm not a person who likes a big fancy burger, with lots of things on it.  Just give me the bare minimum, with a bun that complements the burger, not overpowers it.  This was that kind of burger.  I added a little ketchup and mustard, then put a tomato slice on it...perfection!

Onto the garlic fries...they are so scrumptious!  The fries were crispy on the outside, yet fluffy on the inside.  The garlic was distributed all over them, not just thrown on top, so there was lots of it.  

For dessert, we decided to share the apple bread pudding with ice cream and a whiskey sauce.  OMG!!  It is served warm, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top slowly melting.  We drizzled the sauce over the dessert and dug in.  Let's put it this way, there wasn't anything left on the plate when we were done.  

The food was so good!!  My only "slight" complaint is that it's a bit dark in the restaurant.  The booth we were sitting in had no overhead lighting.  So, when I first opened the menu, I could barely read it.  My husband really had a problem, because there was a light behind him, so he had a shadow over his menu.  Obviously, we managed, but it would've been nice to have a little overhead lighting, so we didn't have to strain to read.
The beer is good and the food is ok. The hamburger are ok, they have bigger portions than other places. If you like beer try this place.
Disappointed... Food was great but service and management were not up to par. I had the worst experience that no customer should ever go through. I am shocked and lost for words. 1st check-in and  experience. Won't ever return....
We went in during happy hour. The beer was great and we both loved the Hefeweizen with the hint of banana. We tried some of the happy hour foods including the pork & Kobe sliders with garlic fries and the calamari. I absolutely loved the pork sliders. The flavor of the pork with the coleslaw was great. My husband and son really like the beef. The garlic fries were awesome. None of us liked the calamari. The batter was greasy and lacked flavor. I definitely would not order it again. Aside from that everything else was really good and the beer will bring us back for sure.
Great ambiance... Great service... However, the food fell a little short... While the salmon was an excellent dish, the NY Strip fell short... The steak was dry and overcooked, and the shrimp were fishy and undercooked... For the price point, it was a bit disappointing...
Excellent drinks, service and staff! I prefer the Manhattan Tea though I am a professional beer connoisseur. 
I asked about the buying the liter GB beer mugs. I was told they can be bought but the liter mugs stay in the restaurant. In Vegas, we were allowed to take the mugs home and bring them back to the restaurant for refills. :-/
We will be back for more tasty libations this weekend! 
Cheers! Prost! Tipsida! Salud! Kampai! Salute! L'Chaim!
The highly touted garlic fries were a let down. The meal otherwise was just a normal chain standard meal. It was good but for me not good enough to go back.
Meh.  Chain brewery/pub/restaurant that always seems to produce reliable mediocrity.  I end up here when others want to go, but never by choice.  This time I figured I'd try the fish and chips, since you can't screw up something so simple (or so I thought).

Well, it was the blandest fish ever, plus overcooked until it was hard and chewy.  The fries were wet, soggy, and limp.  Barely edible overall, and certainly not anything like you'd expect from a place that promotes itself as an upscale pub.

Don't bother; any random neighborhood bar is a better gamble than this known mediocrity.
Tried a few items and a flight of all of their craft brews.  Service was great as well as the food.  The manager came over and chatted us up and offered up a sample of their Octoberfest, which was really good as well.  I will definitely come back.

Try the baby brats
Great place to go for happy hour before a game at Jobing.com.  Nice selection of beers and appetizers, all reasonably priced.  Attentive service.  I'll be back again for sure.
This is the traditional place my friend likes to go before hockey games next door at Jobing.com Arena and I see why. They have really good Happy Hour specials, which we took advantage of since we got to Westgate early. Beats getting stuck in Rush Hour traffic and also having to pay the outrageous prices to park for the hockey game! 

I had the Blue Cheese Chips, which were kettle chips doused with melted cheese, blue cheese dressing, bacon bits, and green onion pieces, and they were so good! To drink I had a Diet Coke, which they gave me free refills of. My friend got an order of Sliders and some Garlic fries, which Gordon Biersch is known famously for...and the fries were delicious and not overly caked with garlic like they are at Chase Field. Until last night, Chase Field and Salt River Fields were the only places i'd ever had GB's Garlic Fries...so add #3 to this list. 

Small, easy to eat items and I got full on the Chips and Garlic Fries. My friend was still hungry since his Sliders only came with 2 and then we split the fries, so he ordered the 8-inch Veggie Pizza. GB's version of the Personal Pan Pizza. it was cut into 6 slices and looked really good! He also had a Fat Tire beer to drink. 

We were there for about an hour and a half, since we had time to spare before the gates opened for the game. We left around 5:30 and walked over to Jobing, walking by the shops and restaurants. Last night was a great night to be out and about. Westgate was hopping and not just because of the hockey game either. The movie theater was jam packed, as were a few restaurants and some stores. Some people I noticed were doing holiday shopping as well. 

I enjoyed the whole experience of Gordon Biersch. The bar staff was awesome and very cool. Our meals were pretty good, and the whole atmosphere was full of Colorado Avalanche and Phoenix Coyotes fans. 

I recommend giving Gordon Biersch a try if you haven't already.
Ok nothing to rave about chain food restaurant. Don't get the crab artichoke dip but the lobster tacos were pretty good. Burgers weren't anything is return for.
Gordon Biersch is a great place to go before a Phoenix Coyotes game. They have a good happy hour menu that is even on for game days (unlike Saddle Ranch). The staff is friendly and they are very attentive. They have a good micro-brews made in house. 

My only complaint would be how small the happy hour menu is and that it's only available in the bar area. Otherwise, a solid.
I had dinner at GB this past Wednesday with a corporate work group of 25-30 people and had a wonderful evening! I was hesitant they would be able to accommodate our group because I was given short notice but was able to make a reservation the evening before. Knowing very well what to expect from GB, I dealt with a young lady named Becca who made my whole experience so great that I had to hop online to write up a review! Becca was incredibly helpful by answering all my questions and assured me the server would be notified and able to give us all separate checks (ugh so annoying I know, but corporate insisted on it for individual expense reports). The evening was a breeze and because of her willingness to deal with us, all 25 of us are expecting to return when we all meet back up in town. While I'd assume this location is generally busy with its' location to the stadiums, it's nice to know this customer service still exists and we all walked away talking about our great experience well into the next day during training! Thank you!
My bf and I like to go here for happy hours after 9pm. Appetizers range from 
$5 to $7. I love their bbq chicken/vege pizza and their garlic fries!! I believe beer are only $3. The place is quiet after 9pm at the bar so it always a nice place for us to relax and chit chat.
Dinner was fine for the most part. We asked to have a chicken breast put back onto the grill because we wanted it well done. And then we got to watch the Line Cook make faces at the server when asked to put it back on the grill for a minute. He didn't realize we were right in front of him. Unfortunate for both of us.
I decided to give this place another shot this evening after the awful experience I had 9 months ago I thought I would give this place another opportunity. I was immediately greeted by the hostess as soon as I came in this evening as I headed to the bar. The venue was not crowded with a steady flow of customers that could easily be managed. The two minute bar rule was a total wash this round because I was finally approached by the bartender five minutes later. He was extremely friendly and quick to make me a drink. I ordered the house Rootbeer which was not anything special to sip on but I accepted the drink anyways. I started with an appetizer that came out quickly and tasted well but my main entree was wrong. Since I am not a fan of sending food back I decided to slide my plate over to a friend who met up with me to munch on. Instead of placing a completely different order I decided not to eat at all. I realize I am just not a fan of this place. My last experience was the worst Resturant experience I have ever encountered I guess I can't let it go.   I gave this establishment one more star for being clean and really trying hard to get things right. 

Some friendly suggestions to make this work in the future. The manager walked the venue but never checked in or said hello to the guest. That was odd. As slow as it was I feel the manager should have checked on the tables. Two if the food is wrong and you clearly noticed the order is messed up FIX IT.
I give it 2.5 stars, but yelp is rounding me up. WEAK  beer selection (both BJs and Yard House are infinitely better) and mediocre food (again, BJs and Yard House are better).
Horrible food!!! Everything tasted like all they did was sprinkle salt all over it. Ordered the flat bread tapas and it was covered in salt! You could see all the salt crystals all over the pita bread and even on the lettuce they give you. Then I had the lobster and shrimp Mac and cheese and it tasted even saltier! I will say though that they do give you a ton of lobster though. My boyfriend got the some chicken and mashed potatoes that was had way less salt so that was edible other than the chicken was over cooked. Worst meal I've ever had.
Awesome service every time we have been here.  The beers are awesome and the food is phenomenal!  Love coming here after a rough day!
This is my favorite place! Beer is good! Food is good! And happy hour is good! I haven't had anything yet that I have not liked. You have to try it for yourself.
Horrible service. Came here with my 13 yr old daughter. Took 30 minutes to get a bowl of garlic fries, almost an hour to get our food. Waitress was more interested in socializing with the tables of loud, obnoxious drunks, than serving a dad and his daughter. Even had to wait to pay my bill. Finally got up and paid my bill at the front desk. Food quality has gone way down since I started coming here a few years ago.
My first visit was so-so. Our server took forever to come to our table and the service in general wasn't so great. 

The food was decent, but I expected a little better. We had the steak for our main course and weren't too impressed with it. I will say though that I really enjoyed the Blue Crab Artichoke Dip that we had as an appetizer. Our dessert on the other hand was not good at all and we had to send it back. Stay away from the Strawberry Cheesecake. 

The place itself seems like a fun place to go for dinner and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I think I would try it again, but I am hoping to find some better service and better food all around on my next visit.
Got the chef special rib eye. Came with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans. Patrons were bland and soggy. No flavor. I ordered meat medium and it was med rare. Couldn't finish the potatoes. Green beans were dry and bland no flavor. Ordered a side of garlic fries, those were tasty. Beer was okay not too cold. Will not come back.
I love going here for their warm bread pudding, it is great! Sign up for their email specials too, they send some great coupons.
Waited for over an hour for our food to arrive. Our children were getting hungry and tired as well. We didn't get our food until after 9:30pm. The babies were getting fussy and started crying. The restaurant manager approached us telling us that there were complaints about our crying children and asked us to step out. So our husbands did step out with the babies. Our did not come until after 20 more minutes after that. Bad service at that Gordon Biersch. Truly truly disappointing. We know for sure we won't be going back there again.
Not sure where the beer pub category is on yelp, but you get the idea. Triple 7 has never let me down when I'm in need of a quick bite to ward off that losing streak. Now I must say that I typically don't pay here, so I have no idea how the prices are. But, the food is pretty good. The sushi is also surprisingly good. My best choices are chili and the red ale.
Ordered the sampler set! 1oz of sample for 5 beers cost about $5. Much cheaper than most brew pub.

There are 4 regular variety of beer + 1 seasonal brew. All the beer are good. The ales are smooth, with a hint of sweetness in the after taste. 

I did not order food here except chips and salsa, so I cannot comment on the food/prices.
One of my regular haunts.   Despite all the alcohol available 24/7 here in Vegas, it can be difficult to find decent beer!  Main St. can always be depended on for the best pale ale in town.  Only 2 bucks each during happy hour or after midnight!  They also have great pub snacks... like garlic fries, wild mushroom pizza, veggie (or regular) burgers and a full sushi bar.  The only drawback is the TVs, which are constantly tuned to either World Series of Poker or Ultimate Fighting Championship.  Also the "brewmaster special" beer selections have been known to be pretty weird & unappetizing... like Raspberry Creme Ale.  Sounds like sweet chick beer to me... gimme real beer!  But as long as the very hoppy Pale Ale is available this is not a real problem!  This place can also get very crowded on Friday/Saturday nights, and so occasionally feels like some sort of feeding lot.
Think of a better version of TGI Fridays/Bennigan's/Ruby Tuesday/Applebee's/[Insert Chain Restaurant Here]

Oh yeah, and the beer is FABULOUS.  I drink a lot of beer.  I know good beer when I taste it.  This is good beer.

Some entrees are good, some are just average.  Meh.  Portion sizes are quite large, as am I.

Nice, open room.  In fact, the whole casino is really nice to look at.

Did I mention the beer yet?  If you're downtown, just stroll on over here for a nice, cold micro.  That is all.
I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience here.  A good glass of wine for a very reasonable (actually cheap) price.  R got a sampler of 5 beers (5 oz each) for $4.95.  For food, we had nachos.  Nothing earthshaking, but very edible and satisfying.  (Gets a star for the prices.)

I was surprised that there was a fee to park in their lot, but all you have to do is go to a cashier and they will reimburse your $3.
HELL YES!!  One of our favorite places in Vegas!!!

Great happy hour, Great prices, the bartenders are awesome!!  We were in Vegas for 7 days this past visit, and came here 6 times.  They have wifi and the happy hour is hard to pass up... (two dollar microbrews, 1 dollar house wine, and i THINK 2 dollars for mixed drinks... also a ton of food specials .. including a bucket of peel your own shrimp for like 4.99 or something ) and i think beer after midnight is half off...

the bartenders were so cool.  i think this is the where we have had our best personal service experience that we have ever had in Vegas... (although the night we sat at a table, and had a server, rather than a bartender.. it was just so-so)

we freakin LOVE 777 brewpup.. I wish i lived in vegas, just so we could come here more often... we loved the food (yum!) and loved the bartenders!  

p.s. 
the house wine on happy hour (1 dollar) is pretty crappy.. gave me the gags after 2 days... lol  but what can you expect for a dollar!!
I am so happy I found this place!!

Definitely worth the trip.  My buddies and I get together once a year for a guys weekend in Vegas.  Every year to kick off the weekend, we go to a brew pub and partake in a feast!  

We used to do this at the Monte Carlo Brew Pub on the strip until some idiotic executive from MGM Mirage decided that Brew Pubs don't actually need to brew their own beer.  Since then however, I'm happy to say we found the 777 downtown!  

If you don't frequent downtown, then maybe you should!  The relaxed atmosphere, reasonable prices, and friendly people make it a welcome alternative to the over-priced "hip & trendy" Strip.  If you're turned off by the $25 "apple-tini's" and gaggles of Paris Hilton wannabees of the Strip...then simply hail a cab and set a course downtown to the Triple-7!!!

 The atmosphere is awesome, service is wonderful, the food is great, the prices are very reasonable, and most importantly....the beer is amazing!!!  Definitely worth the trek downtown!!
Main Street Station is old Las Vegas, on the older North Strip, closer to downtown than the newer South Strip, closer to the airport.

This area of Las Vegas is like Reno. A little grungier (because the courthouse and jail are nearby), but unpretentious, with a lot of older regulars, and Hawaiians flown in from the Islands at Main Street, or the Califronia Hotel. The Main Street Station Casino is like an old western train station, with dark hardwoods and antique stylings. There is even an old Pullman Rail car museum for the public. But the people are friendly and don't always have their hand out waiting for a tip like other glitzier South Strip hotels.

The 777 Brew Pub is an open room with TVs and tables that you might find in a mid size town in the west. It is lively and has a comfortable, casual feel. Now believe it or not, they serve sushi here! Yes, and they have a sushi chef in one corner making it for all to see. 

The food and  beverages are decent, the prices are reasonable, and the place is nice for relaxation. If you want to be "seen" this is not the place for you. If you want to enjoy company with reasonable food and drink in a relaxed atmosphere, then drop by.
Nice friendly service.  A  laid back place to hang out after a hot day in Vegas. Best of all,  they offer a delicious and high quality prime rib dinner for 7.25!!  It's the real deal. The prime rib here is as good as the prime rib at Skates in Berkeley and it costed me less than 1/3 the price.  A wonderful eatery without the pretension.  Need I say more?
When you're staying on the strip, there's not a lot of great middle ground between high-end stuff and chain-type stuff.  There's a bunch of not-so-cleverly named, in-theme stuff at high prices, which can be a crap shoot.  So when a bartender at a brewery kiosk in the Planet Hollywood mall referred us here, it stuck out, and we decided to pile in the car and make the trip; while we could expense crappy food all we needed, deep down, it wasn't what we were craving.

Naturally, particularly for my colleagues not so experienced in Vegas, the step off the strip into downtown is a fun one.  You get the proper desperate-folks-in-a-smoky-hole vibe that is so missed these days.  Main Street Station, where the Triple 7 is located, is no exception.

The brewpub is by far the nicest part of it.  Old-fashioned looking without looking yellowed.  Enough plasma screens to remind you that the 80's have long passed.  Clean, but comfortable and lived-in.

The beers are solid, with the pale ale truly outstanding--they have GABF banners on the walls from years past and it's not a stretch to see why.  The waitstaff knows enough about the food and the beer, to boot.

There's the cheap-steak option which i'm told was pretty good, but i went for beer-battered chicken fingers with beer barbecue, which was awesome.  It's all very plainly made with some care, and delicious.

If you don't mind marinating in some extra-thick smoke to get there, it is absolutely worth the short drive to downtown to get some real food and real beer.
My friends and I stopped here for dinner after gambling for 2 or 3 hours in the Main Street Station Casino.  I had read several reviews giving this eating establishment high marks.  The restaurant was very busy (about 7pm), but we were seated immediately without any delay.  There are long bars on each side of the room with seating in between.  Our server came right away, delivered menus, and took our drink orders.  They offer a sampler of 5 or 6 different micro-brews you can get for $5.50.  Two of us ordered this sampler.  I enjoyed all the varieties, but I think I like the "Royal Red" brew the best.  

The menu was quite varied.  I ordered the pale ale ribeye, medium well.  Sides were baked potato and green beans.  I also ordered an appetizer of fried calamari.  The calamari was some of the best I've ever had.  Generous portion, very crispy and light.  My steak came out more on the medium rare side instead of medium well.  I almost sent it back, but I don't really like to complain so I went ahead and ate all but the very center.  The sides were just okay.  

Overall, the food wasn't bad, the drinks were great, and we enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the casino/hotel itself as well.  Will be going back again next year.
I went to this place 2 nights in a row on my trip to Vegas.  The menu has a great selection (great pizza!) and the service is great.  Both nights were late nights and even though the item we wanted wasn't on the menu, the waitress still offered it to us.  The prices were great, the the brewery was a nice place. The hotel/casino area looked great too.  I plan to stay there on my next trip.
Wanted a place to eat that I hadn't tried in Vegas before.  I read yelpers review of this place and couldn't believe it was less expensive and higher rated than the Country Club at Wynns (one of my personal favorites).

Well it is good but it is no CC.  They shouldn't even be in the same category (American traditional).  But the truth is, it is way better than most places I have been to in Vegas.  The Nachos were crazy yummy and paired perfectly with their Pale Ale.  I'm a bit of a microbrew snob but their Pale Ale was very flavorful and hearty.  It is inside Main St Casino which is not a bad place although I decided to drive over to the Nugget from there instead of walk even though it was just about 3 blocks.  

The food is above average.  The service slightly above average but for some reason they were very slow on bringing me the check.  In their defense, they were getting busier really quickly.  

This would be a good place to catch the game and hang with friends.  All the amenities of a heavily TV'd sports bar but with real food.  I think the Country Club is substantially better this Triple 7 is far better than most places in Vegas.  Very nice!
I'm only going to review Happy Hour which is daily, not sure about weekends, from 3-6.  The food was pretty good for pub grub, the service was great.  Friendly and attentive.  The beer was excellent and priced at $2 each for a pilsner glass.  It was about 80% packed last week which is good i guess since everyone was complaining the economic downturn turned Vegas into a ghost town.  This is the best beer your gonna get downtown!
Ive never been let down at the Triple 7! Ive been coming here for a few years now, and I make it a point to eat at least 1 meal here on every trip (about 3 or 4 trips a year). The Prime Rib for $7.95 is a great value, and it delivers on taste! Their beers are freakin awesome, and the service is great too! I always look forward to eating at the Triple 7!
My friend frequents here.  Mentioned that during the week nights, you can get a ton of shrimp for about $5!

We came here on a weekend and got the nachos grande and the shrimp.  First, my glass of coke was HUGE...but the nachos plate was GIGANTIC!  There was no way I could finish it.  (Some guy next to us ordered the nachos as well.  We almost invited him to join us! :P)
Overall good experience, the food was good and reasonably priced. Did not drink any of the beer because I was too hungover, but the people around me seem to enjoy them. Would recommend to anyone who wants a nice place to eat and drink downtown.
Always visit here when I'm downtown,  Love their fish and chips and their black chip porter or pale ale are fabulous microbrews.  Haven't found any better for the price  places to kick back and relax in Vegas.....and I've been coming here for more than 20 years.
My god! I had a great experience here.
I looked this place up on yelp after having a horrible dinner at the 'Burger Bar'. This place had great reviews so we made the trip downtown.
The Main Street Station isn't the fanciest of hotels, but it is still very clean and well kept. The 777 is definitely a diamond in the rough.

The 22oz large beers are great and fairly affordable for Vegas. They have a nice selection of house brews. I had the red ale and my buddy had the porter. Being a home-brewer myself, it was great to check out all of the brew equipment while waiting for the food.

I ordered the bbq chicken pizza. This thing was huge, easily 10-11". I am a big guy and it filled me up plus leftovers. The crust was very crispy/chewy. A great interpretation of a NY crust. My friend had the portobello burger. He was totally stuffed afterward.

The waitress was nice and we both got out for about $16.

A+
Visit: 5/16/09 - Dinner.  Ate the NY steak, Won Ton Min and Chicken Wings(Thai Spicy and Regular).

NY Steak was okay. The price was good for a steak dinner.  Baked potatoe it came with was not so good.

Won Ton Min was good.  The broth was really good for a non-Chinese Restaurant and the portion was large.  They put eggs, fish cake, char siu and won tons with the noodles.  Really good after you win 200 coins from the wheel of fortune slot machine.

Chicken Wings were really good.  I thought for sure they would suck.  They were tender and not dry in the inside.  Taste was good.  Just enough heat to make you sniffle.

Beer was cheap.  Drank many different types for cheap so definately a fan here.

Service was okay.  A little slow, but bearable since we could watch TV while we waited.

I will come back.
When went back in Oct 2008 anf the Mircobrew is really good.  Make sure you try the garlic fries.  Great gift shop too.
I'm a huge fan of this place.  Bang for your buck, hands-down one of the best places in Vegas.  It's a place that when it comes to comfort foods, there is no better place.  Buffalo wings are the best I've had in Vegas.  The cheesy garlic bread is unlike anything you've ever had anywhere else.  It's a meal in itself.  Great way to start.  The fried calamari serving is huge.  Just put some lemon on that and you're all set.

As far as entrees.  Their Beer-Battered Jumbo Shrimp looked like pieces of fried chicken on my plate...HUGE and delicious!  Burgers are always made just perfect.  Nice size as well.  The pizza and pizza crust is great, but stay away from the 4 cheese pizza ONLY because it has WAY too much cheese.  If you're into that, then it might be pure ecstasy.  I honestly can't say that this place has too many misses.  

If you go after midnight, they have a special on all their own brews.  My favorite is the High Roller Gold.  It's $1.50 for a 16oz. glass.  Well worth it.    I promise you will NOT walk out of this place disappointed.  Enjoy
This place seems to be a regular stop for me now.  The beers aren't the best in the world but when your Downtown, the beers are plenty cold and best of what's around.  Ok, to be honest it's the oyster shooters that brings me back to this place.  It's tasty as hell and cheap.  You can get your shooter with either Vodka or Tequila, we prefers the vodska and two or threee of those and you're ready to tackle Vegas.  The oyster is fresh, not slimy at all and hell vodka is vodka......
the appetizers are also good, the crab dip and the fried mushrooms are my favs but they are all pretty good.  I haven't had a chance to eat dinner here yet, if it's up to me I'llprobably just order oyster shooters.  I here the sushi is good too but really you're in vegas....

Beer selection is fairly standard with a pale, red lager, hefe, and a stout, with seasonal favorites available.  I like the red and drink it a lot of it when I hit the tables.
All I need to say here is...mango cream ale...just came out today and I downed 23 ounces of it. MMMMM!  I would totally come back just for the drink!!! But the menu is fairly large and service was great.  We got the last table on a Tuesday at 8:30 PM for dinner so obviously this is a hot joint.  My sweetie got a beef burrito and ate the entire plate.  Good place for beer!!!! Loved the view of the huge restaurant, very cool.
This place is a disgrace to brewpubs. 
I really wanted this to be my first one star review, but the server was too nice (if slow) and they are at least trying to make good beers.
The atmosphere is like a CB and potts that went out of style. Oh yeah, with and awkward sushi bar in the back. Your typical depressing downtown vegas crowd.
Food was pretty gross. I may not ever eat shrimp again because of this place. It looked like shrimp, but it tasted kinda look rotten overcooked chicken. 
The portobello mushroom was very stringy and also tasted as if it had just been microwaved after being frozen since the ice age.
My friends and I are sitting at the bar at a little after 2AM and we look at each other and realize that if lived closer to this place, we'd be in trouble. The last thing we need in our quest to get rid of our beer guts is a place that serves great beer and good food 24 hours a day. I've noticed some comment that the beer here is watery, but I've noticed that about all the Las Vegas micro brews I've had. I guess when you're in the desert, you just aren't in the mood for a heavy, particle filled beer. 

The bartender was really friendly and was patient with my friends who could not decide what they wanted. I went with the mango cream ale since I had heard a few people say it was really good. My friends both gave up trying to decide and went with samplers. I didn't know the samplers also included their seasonal brew (the mango cream ale) or else I would have gotten one as well. I enjoyed the ale a lot. The mango cream flavors were subtle. My friends both really like the Royal Red. One little quirk about the bar (or maybe it was just our bartender), but they could not take the tips while we were still there. He just left them on the bar even after we told him the money was for him.

There are no gaming machines at the bar, a rarity for a casino bar. If you'd like to get comp beers for playing, there is a bar in the casino that has all their beers on tap. You can also order their beers from any cocktail waitresses. That works out great since I do enjoy gaming, but I do still like to go into the brewpub once in awhile and pay for my beer (it is less than $4 for the large) so I can take in the atmosphere. The old school wooden bar is a nice place to hang out with friends. There is also a sushi and oyster bar during certain hours.
let me preface this by saying that while i only gave them 2 stars, i'll still probably spend many nights there as its the only joint open late at main street and i love that hotel and casino, so i hope they don't spit in my food :) which leads me right to the point, that their food is pretty lacking and honestly, even if there was spit in it, i probably wouldn't know since by the time we get there, i'm usually either buzzed or depressed from the tables and the taste of everything is so whatever that perhaps some spit might help. who knows. the service is also lacking... their usually understaffed and the poor waitresses have to serve idiot drunks all night. makes you wonder why people would ever work in vegas, but i guess everyone has to get their somehow. on the other hand, my bf loves the beers there as they run specials all night long
Crab and artichoke dip, garlic fries, fried mushrooms, steak and black bean chili, nachos, wings, SUSHI and OYSTERS, STEAKS and home-brewed tap beers. Yes!!
I think the main reason I am giving this five stars is this was the best deal during our vacation.  I am still a little shocked at how good the food was with the bill as low as it was.  Huge value here!

We all had the 8oz prime rib, which seemed waaaayyyy bigger than 8oz to all of us.  It was so good, so flavorful.  I think it was under $10???  Seriously, great value. 

Service was wonderful, very attentive.  I would absolutely go back here when in Vegas!
This place is great. The food is delicious, and practically free it's so inexpensive. They've got a lot of home brews which are great, and they do Monday night Football with giveaways and prizes. The only downside is that it can get pretty crowded. It's still the best restaurant around the Fremont area. Strongly recommended to get dinner at before a Fremont adventure.
I was here on a pub-crawl. It was great! The drinks were well priced, and the food all looked and smelled delicious. 

However, until I eat here I can't really rank the place any higher than three. Especially since they got mad at us for hanging around the bar. I'm sorry I wanted to order drinks at a bar, and then drink them at a bar...God forbid.
In the mood for sushi or oysters but stuck downtown?  This is your place.  The Ahi is excellent!!  Oysters are great.  Service is always great.  Atmosphere is comfortable with numerous TVs and away from the din of the casino.  The best brew I've had here was a mango cream ale: refreshing, well balanced, mango essence and not overly sweet--great brew to have with oysters and spicy Ahi!!
Came for dinner with a party of 12. Lots of mistakes in getting our order right. Pizzas showed up 10 minutes after the other entrees. To top it off, the pizzas weren't good,  unless you like room temperature nearly liquid cheese. Frozen pizza is better.

I won't be coming back.
This is probably one of the best bars in Downtown Las Vegas!  We have been there a handful of times and it is always busy.  We have only sat at the bar, but you are able to order from the full menu while at the bar.  We went twice this last weekend - the food is decent, drinks are inexpensive (even after happy hour/11pm at night!) and the staff is friendly.  Beers were $4 and well drinks were $3; very clean and fun atmosphere.  We will definitely go back again and again!
Second stop on our "Microbrew Mini Crawl".  This place is essentially a huge restaurant in the Main Street Casino.  Easy parking across the street & you get your 3 bucks back.

We shared a burger, it was average.  We also had a couple Irish Stouts.  The Triple 7's Irish stout was thinner and less sweet than Guinness stout.  For Las Vegas it seemed like a fairly good deal.  A 1/2 pound cheeseburger and fries and 2 draft stout beers for just under 16 bucks.
The cheesy garlic bread is AWESOME and the prime rib is a good deal too.  Service is a little slow, as this place is always packed, but not too shabby.
I really enjoyed this place, there was a bit of a wait and they wouldn't take our party of 10 (they split up instead).  But it worked out anyway.  The food was very good.  I split chicken wings with my husband, $10.95 for 24 wings...can't get them for that price anywhere - and they were delicious!  Everyone ordered something different and I didn't hear a complaint about a single order.  Even with a full house, we were still in and out in a reasonably time.  Food was great, $65 to feed 6 people...awesome.  Will definitely go there again.
Came looking for great local beer, found OK beer...DRAG! They were out of our favorite menu item - the meatball sliders.. When they do have them they are fantastic!  Services was OK at best, but the location is really nice especially for old town Vegas.  The prices are very reasonable, half the price from the strip and the food we did have was a step above bar fair. If you are looking for some decent food and looking to try a local brewery, check out the Triple 7 - a good place to start!
I just got a hankering for a Vegas trip again, which reminded me that I never reviewed Triple 7. How can that be? Oh yeah, it's probably because I had a few too many of those amazing microbrews and had a slight lapse in memory. 

I had some Vegas pals always telling me that this was THE place to go for cheap dinner and amazing beer, and I always would reply, "Don't bother me. I'm playing blackjack." Well, one day the blackjack dollars ran out a bit too quickly, so off to Triple 7 we went. And we were pretty famished (and sober) when we arrived, so we went to town on that menu...Meatball sliders, garlic fries, nachos grande, Prime Rib ($10!!), and, of course the microbrew sampler - you get five 5oz pours for $5. Can't beat that!

When the food starting arriving all six of us got a look of dread in our eyes, thinking, "Dear lord, what have we done?" If Vegas is about excess, than we sure as hell were doing something right, because this was a MASSIVE amount of food...and mostly pretty damn cheap and amazingly tasty too. 

The beer? Ah, the beer. It's so good when it hits your lips. It really is. The Porter was my fave, but the night we went there was also a brewmaster's special that had upwards of 9% abv...I think that was the one that really did me in. We left that place full, tipsy, and more than satisfied. Can't wait to do it again.
My co-workers and I enjoy going to the Triple 7 Microbrewery for lunch.  It is a hidden gem in downtown Las Vegas, located at Main St Station.

The food is bar food...pizzas, sandwiches, appetizers, etc.

Some of my favorite dishes are:

- Focaccia vegetable sandwich.
- Chicken Philly Sandwich
- Pizza
- Burgers

The beer is really good too.  Can't remember the names of the ones I enjoy...will try to next time.

Will I go back?  Absolutely.  Why only 3 Stars?  Because of the location...if it wasn't downtown, I'd give it 4 Stars.
Great prime rib & sushi.
If you are in the Freemont area this is a safe bet.  Decent burgers and a good filet mignon steak sandwich.  Wouldn't recommend the quesadilla (wet/soggy).
Tried the Royal Red brew, which was pretty good.
If it were all about Happy Hour, Triple 7 gets Four stars, but it's not always happy hour. The Happy Hour menu includes some appetizer like dishes and some sushi. Sushi and beer during happy hour does justice to the term here. 

For the regular menu, they charge $1.00 for sharing a extra plate when sharing an entree, but that's well worth it because a lot of their entrees, you can easily share. For instance, their hamburgers start off as a half pound patty - that's two quarter-pounders at McDonalds. They also have a half pound hot dog, which two can easily share, especially if you add chili to it. 

However, quantity doesn't always mean quality. I find the taste of the entrees here to be disappointing. They look pleasing to the eye, but when you bite into the food, the flavor is missing. It's like you need a beer to enhance your taste buds. Without the beer, the food just doesn't cut it. 

Besides the nature of Happy Hour, the beer is the best thing about this place. Like any other Microbrewery, the beer stands out from the standard fare, maybe because it's more fresh, if that makes sense. 

All in all, though, it's really the only casually priced sit-down/wait service place in the Main Street/California Casino complex, and if you are in the mood for this type of dining and don't want to go outside, Triple 7 is an adequate choice. Beer and Sushi during Happy Hour, this would be a very good choice.
LOOOOVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEE 777.
Everytime I come to Las Vegas, I stop by here at least 3 times in 5 days.
The Blackchip Ale is the bomb and it's so refreshing. It better be, it's made right there. Give me 3 of these and i'm set for the evening. I have tried the other house brews but I'll stick to the Blackchip.
The prices are really decent but so is everything in Downtown. I can order a philly cheesesteak, 3 beers for under $16.00. I f I could only live here.
Triple 7 also takes vacations hawaii meal coupons. I have actually used 2 meal coupons and got my dinner for free. The waiter hooked me up so I had to hook him up with a nice tip. 
My wife loves their pizza but I'll stick to the oily foods. Taste so much better.
Love you 777........
Used to come here years ago for happy hour, sushi and the like, but hadn't been here in a long time, and decided to stop by for lunch.

Was a bit quiet and limited in customers for a mid-day lunch, which was fine by me.  Menu was extensive as ever, with new items that I did not remember (i.e. beer battered tekka-maki - sounds pretty interesting, if not defeating the purpose of tekka-maki).

Anyway, I had a mediterranean chicken sandwich on ciabatta, with greens, roasted red pepper, balsamic, etc...  It was really good, flavorful, fresh, and had a huge roasted red pepper on it.  Came with fries, but I upgraded to onion rings for $1 more.  When the sandwich came, it had fries on the side.  Waitress corrected it quickly (left the fries but I did not eat them), onion rings came out fresh, and were very good, hot, with a good beer batter.

Will plan to coming back for happy hour to try the beer again, and other things.  Great varied menu, and really nice classic space in a classic casino design.
One of the true hidden gems in Las Vegas.  The food is great and the atmosphere is outstanding!!  Everytime I am in Vegas I make sure I stop here everyday!
You need a quick lunch and you work downtown?  This is a great place to go!  They are fast and usually the food is pretty good.  The only problem I have is the parking stinks, but some times my work friends and I make the effort!
Huge portions at reasonable prices and good, cheap beer. Toto, we're not on the Strip anymore.

We came here on a recommendation from a friend, and was one of the reasons we came downtown in the first place. 

We started with the fried mushrooms that were tasty and PLENTIFUL, at a great price. When we found out the soup was New England clam chowder, my husband HAD to order it for the sheer curiosity factor of how they would do clam chowder in the desert. The answer: Not well. There were carrots?? in it, and it was so thin. The taste wasn't bad, but   doesn't get the Bostonian seal of approval.

My husband had the fish and chips which were HUGE, and the cole slaw was actually really tasty. He said the fish was great, not greasy or heavy. I had a cheeseburger, and it was solid. I had onion rings with it, and they were solid but a little too much breading.

I had the Hefeweizen and it was AWESOME, and a huge glass was less than 4 bucks. My husband liked his choice as well.

Overall, a nice change of pace from the overpriced stuff on the Strip!
You can't go wrong with this place if you are staying in downtown Las Vegas. Come for the beer and enjoy the nachos! If sushi is for you there is also a sushi bar inside.
We decided to eat here after finding mostly glowing reviews here on Yelp and we were not dissapointed.  The wait for a table was about 20 minutes, not too bad for 7pm on a Friday night...and it took a bit for our server to get to us...but all was forgiven when the food came.

My husband ordered the fish and chips and I had the fish taco plate.  We were amazed at the size of the portion, especially at the reasonable prices they charge...and the taste...some of the best food we've had lately.  We were looking for  a BJ's Brewery type of place to eat and this did the trick.

My hubby also tried the Triple 7 Special - Hefferwiezen beer.  He said it was some of the best he's tased.

We had a really nice experience and were even able to watch the Angel's game.

Oh, and the calamari appetizer that we got because we were starving when we ordered, we took most of that home and will have it later because the regular meal was so filling.  

We would definitely recommend this place!
The garlic fries and calamari apps were great. The sushi not good. The dragon roll sauce was not right, it was more like a polynesian sauce.  The brewmaster roll had way to much rice. My brother in-law had the guac burger, he said it was just okay. They do have great prices and our waitress was great.
This place would totally get 5 stars for food, but the service here SUCKED!  They take forever to greet you and bring your drinks and take your order.  But the drinks and food are AWESOME so don't let the crappy service get in the way of an AWESOME experience.

I came here 3 times in the 5 days that I was staying in Vegas.  (Ya, it's that good)  I was a little disappointed that the garlic fries no longer use fresh garlic, but like a bottled costco type of minced garlic.  The fried mushroom app is another tasty one.  And how can you go wrong with 40 pieces of peel-and-eat shrimp cocktail for 12.95$!!!!  I ate the filet mignon steak sandwich and added jalapenos to it.  YUM SCRUM!!!  I also tried the nachos which is like an entree itself not an appetizer, and the wild mushroom pizza is also gooood.

Another awesome thing about 777 is that they brew their own beer.  I had a beer sampler (five 5-oz samples of all their microbrews: gold, pale, special, red, dark)  The gold and red beers were awesome!  Definite yummy.  

I didn't bother to try the sushi so I can't really say anything about that.
The line to get in wasn't too bad, especially on a Friday during dinner time.  That was actually surprising that there was pretty much no wait time compared to when we came here last year. We were seated right away and our host was super nice and attentive and really took care of us. My boyfriend and I LOVE the Ahi poke they have there.  It is really fresh and surprisingly good.  We came here last year and tried it out, and have decided to come back every time we visit.  It's pretty rare to come across fresh fish, let alone, fresh and tasty POKE, and... in vegas!? If you're looking for something meaty, try the 1lb t-bone steak.  It was good and cooked perfectly to our liking.  While you're waiting, try the hot crab and artichoke dip that comes with garlic bread and chips to spread or dip it in.  It's all kinds of cream, crab and buttery goodness.  If you're watching your cholesterol, I would say stay away from it, it's VERY rich, but if it's something you only have a couple times a year, I say go for it.  Like I said, we are definitely coming again and making a ritual out of it. =P
It's a typical casino cafe with typical casino cafe food. 

They do have a sushi bar, but it didn't look like something I wanted to try. I did buy a jug of beer from there and that was pretty good.
We went here on a Sunday afternoon and it was PACKED. It had pretty atmosphere with all the microwbrewery equipment visable thru the glass w/ a sushi bar to boot. it also felt kind of haunted.. that old style feel, which really worked for it. We both ordered a hamburger , me just a plain ole cheeseburger which was delish- patty had that flamebroiled taste to it. was good. got pretty full so ate mostly the meat and cheese. The fries were ok but got cold fast. My bf ordered the bacon cheeseburger with the onion ring in it.. forget the technical name on the menu for it but it was good but he said he wouldnt order it again b/c it was so messy. I told him just to take out the onion ring.. problem solved :) oh and the bbq sauce. I'd come back def. for the HH specials they have going on but ... those dont pertain to football nights?? wth? most places have specials FOR football nights so that didnt sit well with me.
One of Vegas' best restaurant. If you can get there for happy hour M-F even better price! Medium prices, not expensive by any stretch. Crab dip is excellent! Oysters Rockefeller is excellent! Peal and eat shrimp is a nice little side to snack on. Middle of the night craving? Try their soup only offered during the late night hours. Their beer is delicious, make sure to try it. My favorite is their raspberry beer however it's seasonal and there's always something new to try. 

Recommended Foods: Crab & Artichoke Dip, Ribs - the meat is so so tender it falls off the bone. Literally! Pizza is just okay, a take it or leave it dish, peel and eat shrimp, hamburgers, sandwiches, prime rib is good... portions are generous, more than enough! 

(Went back today, had the dip and ribs again... yummy! Parmigiana sandwich was not that good though the cream of corn soup was very good)
Vast menu - you can find almost anything that you're in the mood for! The beer is really good too - they sell an amazing 5-beer sampler that I definitely recommend if it's you're first time! Service is pretty good, waitresses are friendly. Located in the Main Street Station Casino.

My top pick - the Teriyaki Burger.
We decided to stop by here for lunch recently.  I had the Portobello Burger, which has a giant portobello in place of a hamburger.  It was quite nice actually, and if you like mushrooms, I highly recommend it!  My friends had some dishes that they didn't quite like though, including the personal pizzas, which were not unlike most generic casino pizzas, and the fish tacos.

The dining area is very large, and can accommodate the largest parties.  The walls are lined with various awards that they have received for their beers.  The brewery itself is clearly visible through the glass walls.  We watched a brewer do some house cleaning while we enjoyed our beers.  

Speaking of beer, the reason to come to the Triple 7 is the microbrewery.  I ordered the porter, which was a nice stout.  It was very smooth and tasty.  It paired well with my burger.  I also ordered a sampler of the other beers.  The Stout IPA they had specially for this season was also a really good beer.  I wouldn't say its the best stout that I have had, but the extra hoppy bite that it had was quite nice.  I wasn't impressed with the other brews, however.  The red ale was more of a light beer with a red ale tint to it.  The blackcherry stout was a sweet, cough syrup thing.  Non-beer drinkers might like that one.  The other light beers aren't really worth mentioning.  

Any brewer who experiments with craft beers in Vegas deserves a good review though. In my opinion, the food was good enough to come back for the beer.  Stick to the stouts though, as that seems to be the Triple 7's specialty.
Great place!  First timers.  Saw an ad in the paper stating happy hour 3-6 pm with $2 beers and wine and 1/2 price appetizers so we were skeptic but it turned out to be for real.  Great tasting micro beers to start and then we had 2 glasses of wine with our appetizers. We got there at 5:15 so we had to rush our drinking and appetizer ordering but our waitress was cool and worked with us to make sure we got our orders in by 6 pm.  1/2 price appetizers includes a bucket of peel/eat shrimp, large basket of calamari, cheesy garlic bread (looked like a pizza), large quesadilla and dozen chicken wings (w/Thai sauce).  Service was great and the atmosphere was relaxing.  Our bill for 4 with 4 beers, 8 glasses of wine and all the above appetizers, came to $40.  UNREAL!...and the food was quality, not high volume fast food stuff.  I will definitely go back (next time at 3 pm) and recommend this to anyone going to Vegas.
Possibly the most insulting situation I have ever been in. Our waitress ignored us after the meal was brought out. Never got a refill, and we waited for approximately 20 minutes at the end for our check. In the end, I only got it because I asked for the manager. He dropped the appetizer off the bill. Ill stop somewhere much closer to home next time.
$1.50 pints in the casino was probably the best beer deal I found in Vegas, though I thought it was odd that the same beer was twice that in the brewpub.  Beers were decent quality and some happy hour food deals were alright.  For thrifty beer drinking gamblers in Fremont area, this is your place.
I've eaten at this place a few times now and they have good food at decent prices. After losing tons of money at the table, this place is a win. Their beers are good and the burger is always a winner here.
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL :( I was so so so super excited to try this place and not one single item we ordered was any good..

crab and artichoke dip literally tasted like creamy water
fried  tuna roll- gross
mozzarella sticks were ok but the sauce was worthless
portabella mushroom burger was loaded with a gross amount of cheese and wayyy to salty
pizza was flavorless 

so sad because we were so so excited to try based off the reviews
I have never been to a restaurant that literally had everything for everyone! From sushi to burgers, Triple 7 is sure to meet the foodie needs of all diners, whatever their poison may be.

But the food is not the highlight at this downtown spot...it's the beer!!! Their everyday taps are decent...their seasonals are not to be missed. Make sure to greet the staff, as they are extremely pleasant and helpful!!! I have been going for years and make it a must every time I visit Vegas!!!
You know what bugs me?
Going to a place that features beer and having a beer that tastes like detergent.
Beer simply doesn't taste good when mixed with bleach or soap.
I've enjoyed their beer from rinsed glassware, and it has been decent. Nothing special, but not the usual bud light or heineken in Vegas.
Just not this time.
Their food is average, think TGIFridays, but the real attraction is the beer. Nice surroundings and good service.
4 stars - for the beer flight.
5 Stars - PRICE 
4 Stars - location

Tried 5 or 6 different beers for $6 bucks. THAT'S AWESOME! It was their flight and the bartender added in their brew of the month. Pumpkin beer, which was surprisingly nice.

I like beer, but I am no "beer connoisseur". The dark beer was ok. There were 2 that I thought were very good, and two that I didn't take a liking to. Sadly, I can't remember which ones. SORRY.

BUT - the flight was well worth it.

Customer service was great. All we ordered was that flight and sat at the bar and had a chance to chat with the bartender. It was pretty slow so we weren't rushed or anything.

First time to this casino for this spot and was pleasantly surprised. Clean casino and fun decor. Would def go back!
This restaurant is 24 hours and has their own brewery. The food is decently priced and the portions are average. I've heard that the late night menu is really cheap and good but I've never tried it, it starts really late or I should say early in the morning like 2am I think. 

The waitresses are friendly and everything is done in a timely manner. 

I had the prime rib a couple of times which was really fatty and tough. 

I've also had the salmon which is good with the salsa on the side. 

Overall a decent place to eat with a bar and TVs as well. ^_^*~
2.5 stars.

A friend recommended the place. We met them up there for lunch. Neat atmosphere. Friendly service. 

There was a corner that served oysters and sushi! You get all your typical bar foods that are fried along with the seafood.

I ordered the half rack of ribs. It was only $9.95. They were okay. Would have liked more sauce on them. Weren't as tender as I would have liked. Came with a generous helping of fries that were good, and a bowl of mixed veggies that came straight from a can. That was the biggest turn off for me. String beans, corn, carrots and peas that had a little butter tossed in. Nothing could conceal the fact that they weren't fresh veggies. Major letdown there.

A friend ordered the cheeseburger medium rare. It was well done.

Another friend got the Baked Italian Sub. It was tiny. It was equivalent to 1/3 of the subway footlong. Pretty small. 

Last friend ordered the chicken tender platter that was advertised as being "lightly" breaded and it was heavily breaded. The juiciness of the chicken gave the place the extra 1/2 star. She said that her chicken tenders reminded her of McDonald's. 

Everything was mediocre. Tried some of the pumpkin spice ale and was missing the pumpkin and spice flavor. Had high expectations for the place but unfortunately wasn't "wow-ed." At least it was inexpensive!
Triple 7 Brewery is another find located in Main Street Station.
This place is a big roomy open area micro brewery with a sushi bar inside along with many flat screen TV for sports games. Triple 7 has an descent menu for lunch/dinner and late night along w/ specials.
They have everything from salads, pizzas, Sandwiches, burgers, chicken strips, fish n Chips, mexican food, steak, prime rib dinners, shrimp, sushi, oyster/shooters, full bar and more. I like there Nachos and prime rib special for $6.99-$7.99 i think...The have a happy hour and beer specials, House specials for a $1 during Happy hour and late night specials. They usually have games playing or playing music. This place is Open 24 HRS.......
If you are ever staying downtown Las Vegas off fremont street and are looking for a place to relax and have a meal Triple 7's is a place to check out. The food is not bad, but not amazing either. I enjoy the burgers and the pizza isn't all the bad. Have not had a chance to try their micro brews but looking forward to them in the future as this is usually a lunch place during work outs for me. 
Again worth a visit but wouldn't say a must have...
3 1/2 stars to be more precise.

Totally.  Fricken'.  Awesome.  If you go here, go here for the BEER!  I am not a drinker in the slightest sense (even though I do occasionally 'Blame it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol') but Triple 7's award winning brews are top notch!  Some of the best hand crafted beers you'll find in all of Las Vegas!  Seriously!  Yes...in lil' old Main Street Station casino!  Haaaawaaaiian!  Cheeeeee Pono!  And yes, yes my friends...you will see many island people in the middle of winter dressed in t-shirt, shorts, and rubber slippers.  Tips:  "Howzit brah" means 'hello', and "Brok' da mouth ONO" means 'yummy'.  Local speak!

Want to experience good drink and food on the cheap-cheap?  Go to Triple 7 during their popular HAPPY HOUR!  Going from 3 PM - 6 PM M-F (except holidays and Monday Night Football) you can get wine and well drinks for $2.00, or a 16 oz. microbrew beer for $2.00 too!  That's a lot of brew for a little buck!  It is a great time to try each of their five or six brews they have on tap.  My favs are:

-High Roller Gold (their flagship wheat beer)
-Marker Pale Ale (light and bitter with a clean finish)
-Black Cherry Stout (seasonal, with hints of chocolate and cherry)

But trust me, each of their beers are phenomenal and go great with their menu.  On the Happy Hour menu for $4.50 you can have your choice of items that include a dozen chicken wings, 20 peel-n-eat shrimp, fried calamari, and a California Roll.  So cheap and so good!

And don't forget their regular lunch and dinner menu!  Triple 7's Legendary Garlic Fries ($3.95) are very good, and so are their Nachos Grande w/ Chicken ($8.95).  Share with some friends!  They also do soups, salads, pizzas, sandwiches, and burgers.  I really enjoy their Teriyaki Burger ($7.95) and their Mushroom Burger ($7.95).  For you non meat eaters, with their burgers you can substitute a grilled chicken breast for no extra charge!  

Triple 7 also has Brewmaster's Favorites and Dinner Specials on their menu.  The Fish and Chips ($9.95) are battered in their own Marker Pale Ale then deep fried.  Excellent with a brew to wash it down.  Also popular is their 1/2 pound Prime Rib dinner ($8.95) with veggies and a baked potato.  Go meat!

So if you're down on your luck at the craps table or that slot machine (Damn you Wizard of Oz!  Damn you!), that leftover scratch you got will get you a cool brew and some warm eats to drown away those sorrows.  Lost Wages, anyone?  Get down to the Triple 7 to get your pub grub on!
Had a working lunch meeting here last week.  I had my favorite dish, the Chicken Philly Sandwich w/Salsa Ranch on the side and Fries.  It was as good as the last time I was here.  We arrived when they opened at 11 am to beat the lunch rush and to have some quiet time to meet.  Everything worked out perfect and ran into a few old friends while I was there.

Will I return?  You bet.
Awesome happy hour! Their microbrewed beers are a mere $2 a pint from 3-6pm Monday through Friday (excluding holidays and Monday Night Football.) They also have $2 well drinks and wine as well as a great selection of bar food for $4.50. I had an IPA and a Santa Klaas Holiday Ale which was specially brewed for the holiday season. This was a very dark ale that is made with coffee beans and cocoa nibs. It was a delicious and different bittersweet ale with coffee and chocolate overtones. The service was friendly and fantastic!

We were only there for drinks this trip but will definitely return for more awesome beer and to try some of the yummy bar food!
I really enjoy this brewery in Main Street. Admittedly, it may be more like 3 stars, but my enjoyment when I'm here bumps it up to 4 stars.

It's sort of an average brewery - average food and average beer. But I really like the layout of the place and the atmosphere. Plus, the bartenders are really nice and helpful.

The beer is all good, though nothing particularly stands out. Definitely opt for a sampler. 

Everything I've tried from the menu has been good. The two most memorable items have been the burger (quite good for your average burger) and the hot wings. The wings are definitely above average. Average size and meatiness, but great sauce and kick, with good dipping sauces.

Personally, I always prefer to sit at the bar here. And it can be interesting people-watching and conversation eavesdropping. To top it all off, the prices are pretty good.
Get the beer sampler for sure! For around $5 you get to try a 5oz serving of five of their microbrew beers. Their dark beer in particular was one of the better ones I've had. The beer is the star here but the food is okay too.

I tried a cup of the sirloin chili and was very impressed. It had a spicy, smoky flavor and used real shredded steak, not ground beef. 

I had the half rack of ribs which was $9.99 and pretty good. Being from the south originally I'm very picky about bbq and these ribs weren't spectacular but they were  worth getting. They were tender but had a little more fat than you would get at most BBQ places. They came with good fries and green beans which honestly tasted canned and seemed to have a heavy butter flavor. 

Overall I'd hit this place for some beer for sure and if you want to get some food it's not a bad place for that either.
I had family come into town to visit another family member who is temporarily stationed at Nellis for the next month. My uncle and his wife are from small town America...very small town. My uncle has ventured out into the world a few times when he was in the service, but his wife has traveled mostly within the the midwest and south. They wanted to take us to dinner, and wanted to stay on Fremont as that is where their hotel was. 
After debating between Chicago Brewing Co and Triple 7, we decided on Triple 7 as it had been almost 5 years since the last time we were there.

We arrived and had to wait in line for about 20 minutes. It was Friday night and the place was hopping. We didn't mind waiting as it was a good time to catch up. 

Once we were seated, the waitress helped us immediately. Over the course of the night, the waitstaff was really friendly and very helpful. For drinks, my self and my cousin ordered a couple micros. I had my traditional Red (the Royal Red Lager) and he had the brewmaster's special (an IPA). Later I had the sampler...but I will get to the beer in a second. 

The menu had a few veggie options, which was totally unexpected. They also had a presumingly vegan option (veggie sushi). I had the roasted veggie sandwich, and the wife got the veggie sushi. My family had burgers and chicken fingers. My sandwich was very good, a little messy by the veggies were roasted quite nicely and the fries were pretty amazing. It was like having 2 sandwiches, which is why the wife and I shared. The veggie sushi (avocado, carrot, red pepper) was very tasty as well. 

On to the important part, the beer. The Royal Red was pretty light (similar to a Killian's). It was malty, but not too strong. It went down smooth, but not the best local red I've had. I also had the sampler. Overall the beer quality was pretty average. The pale ale had a nice wheat aftertaste, and was pretty smooth. The IPA was hoppy, but more earthy than anything else. Admittedly, I usually don't like IPA's, but this one I disliked for the earthy flavor, not the hoppiness. 

Overall, this was a good choice. We would definitely return for the food. I wouldn't come just for the beer, but it was decent, and I would support the localness of it.
A great place, my family and in-laws showed up on a Thursday night, it was packed..Good sign..went to the buffet instead...good..really good..
fast forward one hour..My father inlaw and I indulge in a few brews..its the German way..you know?? He has two large red lagers that he enjoys while I get a sampler at a FRIGGIN GREAT!!! price!! solid brews..we walk back to the room, I head back down, have a couple great brews cheap,,a Nice girl started me out, but she talked to cocktail servers for an hour(Hookup???) lol...anyways I watch the Australian open, with a great priced burger that I ordered medium rare, and loved, the guy who ended up taking care of me was very nice, and did a great job! If in Vegas..check this place out!!
Best place for $8 prime rib! Open late night but some times they run out of the prime rib.
Service wasn't great, food was meh, beer wasn't good.  The price was good and I've had a lot worse in Vegas.  This place just wasn't what I'd hope it was.
Dining out downtown can be very hit or miss. If you're not in the mood for steaks or deep fried twinkies, this is probably your best bet! 

I came during happy hour and found the drink prices to be a steal ($2 for wine, well drinks, or a pint of their microbrewed stuff). The food stuff on happy hour is pretty weak. Most things are literally .50 off their regular price, and some only .25 off ! 

I tried the black cherry stout on my last visit . I adore fruit beers that are subtle and this one was awesome. Just that perfect amount of black cherry.. yumm! I paired my beer with some happy hour wings ($4.50), and found them to be just OK. I guess 12 wings for $4.50 is a decent price, but the wings weren't anything special. My friends got burgers and seemed relatively happy with them, but again, nothing special. 

I think what this place lacks in quality they at least make up for in variety. Everything from sushi to pizza to meatloaf... no wonder all the food is just mediocre!! 

I hate to say it, but if I had to compare this place to BJ's, I'd have to give BJ's the win. The food is better and the service is far better. That being said, when friends want to meet up for a dinner downtown, this is one of my favorite spots. I'll come here again, but wouldn't go out of my way.
I have given this place chance by chance and I just can't like this place anymore.  Happy Hour is decent and the house beers are good.  What kills it for me is the Rib Eye steak.  Everytime I order it its either under or over cooked to my liking.  Doesn't taste that good.  I come here for the Steak and nothing else.  I don't think I will try this place to eat the steak again.
It has been a long time since I have been to a casual restaurant that had this good of service.  We arrived at 10pm on a Friday night, and we were seated within 1-2 minutes.  The waitress apologized as if she ruined our evening by making us wait a minute and thirty seconds.

Once we were seated, we got our drinks quickly.  The food was above average bar food.  I got a burger, which was good.  Again, tasty, above average bar food.  Not great, but certainly above average.

The beers were good.  I had a few different ones.  The Irish Stout was the best.

The prices were super affordable.  We got sandwiches and like four beers, and it was less then $30.  We would definitely be back.
Hmm, this place really deserves a 1-Star review due to the lack of service but if she wasn't such a scatter-brain, this place would be 4-stars... Our waitress waited 20 mins before we flagged her down to serve us, had to flag her down for each refill of our drinks, had to flag her down for add'l orders... Lady was never around!

Triple 7 is a micro brewery... And I have to say, EW. I had the pale ale and well, it goes in tasting like Sierra Nevada and once it settles in your stomach, UGH!!! Horrible after taste! That alone prevents me from ever drinking any of their brews-- EVER.

The saving grace for this review NOT being a 1-Star review is the fact that the guacamole burger wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be! LOL But when you slap some guac on anything, it always tastes 10 times better!

Burger was good. Beer was "EW" and the service was beyond horrible. Don't come here in a hurry... You'll have to wait a very LONG time.
Everyone else is giving this place much higher reviews, so I think I just ordered wrong.  I ordered the four cheese pizza and it was absolutely disgusting.  It reminded me of elementary school pizza...not good.  I did get a look at what other tables were ordering and their food did look good.  I also had the fried mushrooms and they were just okay.

The beer sampler was good and that is why I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1.  It was reasonably priced around 5 bucks or so.

The service was just okay.  The place was packed and I think our server was doing the best she could do.

I would try this place again if I was downtown, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
I waited anxiously for 2 years for another mango brew, and instead of cream ale, this time it is a mango hef.  I got there at 2:40 and noticed happy hour started at 3.  I got a half dozen oysters on the half shell while I waited for 3 PM.  The bartender was awesome.  The oysters were huge!

A little before 3, he hooked me up with a 16 oz mango hef and told me he would add it on the bill at 3 for the $2.  Normal prices are 16 oz for $3.26 and 23 oz for $3.95, so during HH you can get 32 oz for $4, a good deal.  Lots of brewmaster's specials, but I only wanted the mango and one was enough to get me a bit tipsy.  To counter that, I ordered the Thai chili wings (1 dozen for $4.50 during HH) and chatted up a random Vegas-defect who was at the bar.  The wings were crispy, hot, and delicious.  

The restaurant is really large and the bar area is too.  The TVs are large and flatscreen.  This is a good joint to get a cold tasty beer and watch a game.  Great Happy Hour spot too.  I will definitely be back for good beer, good service, and good grub.  MANGO hef!!!
We went during lunch for my mom's birthday. We decided to go here since we had a coupon or gift certificate from Main St casino. We didn't have any beer, so this review is just for the food and service. 

Nothing really special about it, except the dessert... the deep fried cheesecake. 

It was good, but not good enough to plan an exciting adventure to this dessert, (check out some of my other reviews, I've had a few adventures ;) ) 

Service was ok.  Food was bleh-ok. So-so. 

The waitress we had seemed to be waiting on ALL the other tables on our side of the restaurant. It wasn't packed, but it wasn't empty. There were two waitresses working during a Saturday lunch time. I can see why it wasn't packed. We didn't get any rude service, but didn't get any great service. She didn't check on us enough to be qualified as great-excellent service. Other than taking our order & giving us the check, she checked on us maybe... twice. She seemed like she was just there. Just there for work. Sorry, that won't score you a good tip. 

We ordered calamari, the fries, a few dishes, some sushi, and the cheesecake. All of it was okay so-so. 

Nothing great about the calamari or fries, fries came with a few dipping sauces. The seasoning on the fries seem to separate from the fries. That doesn't make the fries tasty. The calamari was so-so as well.

No one at our table really liked the dish they got. It was all just okay. Nothing bad. Just so-so quality. I got the fried sushi roll, there was nothing tasty about it. I've had fried rolls before (at breweries/bar type places) and they were delicious. So I was disappointed with this one. I've been to other non-Japanese or non-Asian breweries and bar type places that have good sushi. 

Other dishes we ordered were philly cheesesteak it was okay. My brother barely ate half of it. My other brother ordered fish and vegetables, he said it was bland. He only took a few bites and didn't eat the rest. And they usually eat a lot! 

We ordered the caterpillar roll, but the waitress gave us a california roll and charged us for caterpillar roll. (it's a few dollars more than a california roll.) 

She apologized for it, and changed our bill, but again... she just seemed like she didn't care to serve us (or maybe be at that job.) Who knows... 

The fried cheesecake was good, my first time trying it, so I'm glad that was more than okay. But it was just good, not great. Maybe that's also because of the disappointing service and all the other food we had while there. 

No one really enjoyed their food, so we probably won't be here again. 

If I ever go there again, I'm gonna have to try the mango brew.  They didn't offer us any beer menus so how was I suppose to know?
This place totally intrigued me when I first saw it. I asked about microbrewery prices and the waitress told me to come after midnight for $2 pints. $2 pints of microbrew??? AWESOME!

The IPA was pretty good, but the Porter was awesome. It was a definite coffee porter, and pulled it off very well. Also loved the garlic fries... But don't let the "legendary" fool you... Just normal garlic fries.
People have been raving about this place to me since I started going to Vegas.

Let's just say......what's the hype for?

The food was average......the beer is good (but I can get it for free at Boar's Head Bar or on the Casino Floor).  

My check came and I was less then impressed.  My food was acceptable, but the way this place has been promoted to me for years (in those years I stayed at MSS) and I've had better food at Four Queens (Magnolia's).  

Give it a shot if you like people, but don't go with expectations of a good place.  It's just like the 99, Ruby Tuesdays, or TGI Fridays.
2 dollar micro brews during Happy Hour.  I had the Red 7 Amber, the Pale Ale, and the Lager.  All excellent.  My wife had the Mango-Weizen.  That's right mango beer.  A little sweet for the beer pounder, but excellent taste.  As for food, we had the BBQ chicken pizza - excellent; and the Mushroom pizza - pretty decent.  Would have given the place 5/5 if the mushroom pizza had a little more umph.   6 beers; 2 pizzas - 30 bucks.  Can't beat that in Vegas, baby!  Great waitstaff.
Great beer!
Great place right off Fremont street. Great parking, & even better food.!!
This place is awesome. Best in it's price range in Vegas...and I'm a local.  The food is great, from the appetizer's to the prime rib.  Everything is cooked to order and to perfection.  There are TV's throughout and are typically tuned to sports.  If there's a game on you want to watch specifically, just ask, they'll put it on for you.

My beer drinking friends say their brews are fantastic and they don't skimp on the mixed drinks either. 

The service is great, everyone is friendly...which is a rarity in this city and it's pretty quick too.

Open 24/7, great prices, great food.
Lisa L.'s review got me at mango hef. I have been trying to get at least one friend to go with me for happy hour for the past month. In my attempt to not drink alone and look like an alcoholic, I persuaded my sister to tag along. 

Triple 7 has one of the best happy hours. Monday-Friday, 3-6, with the exception of Monday Night Football and holidays. $2 is the price for their house wine, well drinks, and house-made brews. Most importantly this encompasses said mango hef. It is nice to walk into a place during happy hour and not have to fit for a seat in a small section to take advantage of the special. No, Triple 7 let's the whole restaurant partake in this goodness. They have a limited HH food menu that consists of quesadillas, wings, calamari, and maybe two other items for 4.50. We ended up splitting an order of the calamari. The squid were lightly battered and flash fried. The tenderness of the meat is not toughened in the process and still came out crispy. Served with a side of spicy marinara and lemon wedges, it is a nice snack while drinking. Just not the best choice with the mango brew. My sister and I learned our lesson. Good on their own, bad in tandem. 

Our server was attentive and checked in regularly without being obnoxious. Definitely worth a visit during happy hour.
I've been here many times before and I thought the food was decent.  I decided to take my parents since the line at the Cal was way too long and they didn't feel like eating hawaiian food at the restaurant on the second floor.

We ordered the fried calamari, nigiri sushi, baby back ribs, cheese steak sandwich and cheesy bread.

The fried calamari was decent, but I wouldn't get it again.  The breading was soft and not crispy.

The nigiri sushi was horrible, the sushi rice tasted like rice porridge and the fish had no taste.  I've been here before and the fish was pretty good, so I was extremely disapppointed.

The baby back ribs was decent.  The meat fell off the bone and the sauce wasn't too bad.

The cheesy bread was decent, nothing special, just cheese and pizza dough below it.
a disappointing trend to a what used to be a pretty good quality place?
have always eaten here multiple days during visits. our latest trip brought us here for dinner. The dinner special was a seared ahi salad for $12.95. Now by vegas standards $12.95 means something extraordinary. What we got was an iceberg lettuce salad with an overpowering asian vinegar dressing. Top it of with a medium rare ahi with strings in the middle!!!!! totally unacceptable. I've never had a bad meal here for years until this past week.
so sad..once my favorite place drops to the bottom of the list. dared not try to order the sashimi and sushi for fear of more poor quality.
is it the economy or lazy chef?
Big portions of tasty food. Gets kind of loud, it is a sports bar type of place actually a microbrewery. I got the fish and chips this time, tasty. Save room for dessert the deep fried cheesecake is awesome! The food comes out pretty fast, they check on you a couple of times after. But the wait for the check takes awhile.
Good place in an old school casino.  Came here with a group of 15 and were seating quickly, the service was great and the food was pretty good for the price.
Was there last December and was very disappointed.  Previously, in 2008, I had a good burger and salad with the beer sampler.

Fast forward to December 2010, I was really hungry and ordered the extra large prime rib.  It was not much bigger than the regular portion and was dry and tough.  I ordered it medium rare and got a medium.  Added on the soup for a few dollars more and got a teacup size portion of really crappy soup.  Needless to say, portion control was strickly enforced and left me still very hungry

So hungry I ordered an appetizer, hot crab and artichoke dip.  It was like soup.  Need not say more.  Unfortunately, Yelp does not have negative ratings, or I would have given a minus 2.
My husband had never been to the Main Street Station Hotel.  We were running errands with my parents Downtown and decided to have lunch here.  

My mom and dad each ordered a burger.  My dad said his over overcooked but still said it was okay.  My mom had no complaints about her burger and fries.  My husband and I split artichoke and cheese dip.  This comes with tortilla chips and pieces of garlic bread.  Overall, bland...I wouldn't suggest ordering it.  However, if you do...it tasted better on the garlic bread so skip the tortilla chips.  We also split the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It was okay but I think it needed to be cooked a little longer.  If it would've had a nice crisp, browning to the cheese and crust it would've been 5 stars.  However, it came out looking a little undercooked so I would only give it about a 2-3 stars.

We ordered the 5 beer sampler.  My husband and I only finished 3 of the 5 beers...the 2 light samples and the amber samples were all good.  The 2 dark beers were very bitter and medicine tasting.  I'm normally a dark beer drinker, took 1 sip and couldn't finish the beers.
  
Our server was okay.  There was a college football game on so she was very concerned and distracted with the large table next to us.
  
Overall, I would go back here for a happy hour.  Otherwise, I don't see myself making it a top priority for a repeat visit.
Love this place! Its great for watching the game while grabbing some ono grinds! 

Their loco moco, wings, saimin and burgers are great. They're also open late night, so when you're done gambling and headed back to your room and wanna grab a late night bite to eat, head over there. 

Their servers are really nice and friendly, which makes everything even better. They also have their own beers - try them, they're really good. 

Overall, I really like it here. I definitely suggest making this a stop if you're staying Downtown - and even if you're not. :)
Had dinner at Triple 7 Restaurant on Tuesday.  My boyfriend and I waited for 10 minutes in line for dinner, and were sat at a nice table.  We were greeted by our server in a timely manner.  Travis had the pumpkin ale beer and I had a diet soda.  The menu caters to all kinds of choices; pizza, sushi, steak, ribs, and sandwiches.  We needed an extra minute to decide and the server was patient with us!  Travis and I ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza with two side salads.  The pizza was good, drinks were refilled, and plates were cleared.  The room was full of business and the TVs had a baseball game playing.  Overall, the experience was good!
GREAT brews and nice prices on the beer and loved the Pumpkin Ale mate.  I had the buffalo sandwich, it was ok.  I was thinking there was some meat on the sandwich but it was a veggie meal.  I got the garlic-y special fries and they were a nice adder, good pickles too so get some extra if you like pickels.  The partner had the special which was a bbq, bacon chicken sandwich and it was the bomb.  We ended up getting a side of the bbq sauce to dip our fries in, it was tast-EE!!!!

The area isnt that great and the casino is old, but the craps table is hot and it was fun!  

Don't ward off because it's a little off the path.  Get over to this joint and check it out.  You can NOT go wrong gambling here or drinking the home brew through the casino!!!!
777 is my favorite late-night place downtown, and since I am usually looking for a meal around 3am, I have tried lots of them. I always get the same thing, and I am completely full and out the door, including tax and tip, for $10! The Loco Moco is very hearty and a real bargain for only $5.25 from 2am-7am. They also have 16oz micro brews for $2 during that time.I have only been there during lunch/dinner hours once before, but I had a very enjoyable meal that time, as well. I had the Mahi Mahi, which was great. Then I had probably the greatest dessert on earth, the deep-fried cheescake.
We have added the Triple 7 to our 'must eat one lunch' at least list.  We enjoy the food, beer and neighborhood tavern feel.  The burgers are very good and the variety of their beer makes it interesting.

The pricing is very reasonable and using Yelp's scale, I would rate it a $$ also.

  The casino is classic and worth the visit if for no other reason than to view the woodwork.  It's just a block north of the Plaza at the west end of the Fremont Street Experience.
Food: meh
Service: good if you're sitting at the bar ~ thanks Paul and Brandon
Beer: OFF the CHAIN

**Black Chip Porter** beer is a winner!! 22 oz of delicious brewski will kick your butt! Makes more fun for a game of Black Jack.
Las Vegas Brewery Stop #4

Triple 7 Brewery is located in Main Street Station Casino in Downtown Vegas. It was a nice chance to visit that area again. Much more going on then I remember in years past. We sampled their:

Royal Red Lager
Marker Pale Ale
High Roller Gold
Blackchip Porter
Brewers Special...I believe was a Pumpkin Spice Ale

The names were cute, first brewery to really have vegas or gambling names, which surprised us. The beers were good...seemed like they tried to make lots of different styles including a Belgian quadruple, which we didn't get to try. The brewpub was a nice change because it was dedicated a area to beer and food and didn't have video poker at every table. Great place to watch sports with a large group. We defiantly try again.
This may be the best-kept secret in Downtown Las Vegas. The food, while not the 5 Star fare you'll find at Joel Robuchon's in the MGM, is decent --- especially considering the sleazy locale. It's open pretty late, which is nice if you need a rest from the $3 blackjack tables at the Four Queens. The best thing about this joint: the beer sampler is only 5.50 for 25 oz of beer!

Random observation: there are a _lot_ of Hawaiians working at, and patronizing, this establishment.
Met a few friends here while I was in town for a convention.  The food was great.  I had the Italian sandwich.  everything was fresh and service was great.

I'm a non smoker and I don't think the ventilation is that  great in he whole hotel.  so, that bothered me a bit, but i'll admit, i may be more sensitive than others.
"...Save Water (and the food), Drink Beer."

The food is average - a bit above average, come for the beer.

As of Thanksgiving weekend 2011, they had a sampler for $5.50 - five 5 ounce sampler sized glasses of each of their current selections, an IPA, Porter, Blond, Hef, Red, and one of their seasonals - which I fancy the Pumpkin Spice... or get all of them each in a nice full pint for only $1.75 (Seasonal only available in the restaurant)...

...and remember you're in Vegas, so you actually might want to stop in for a quick bite, and  stop by the bar next to the buffet for the beers, but try your hand at the Video Poker machines to get the beers free (albeit your $ in the cup for tip).

For the REAL beer drinker, you'll appreciate these micro brewery's take on these standards. The IPA for example, being the more hoppy of the types is actually pretty subtle, and finishes smooth - which you'l find is a trend with all the selections you choose. My favorie is the Black Chip - which resembles the most like that of a Porter, smooth and rich from the first touch of your lips to the last drop, again, clean finish.

4 Stars are for the beer, the restaurant gets 3 stars. As the slogan they stole from Cancun... Save Water (and the food), Drink Beer.
As my mother was staying at the Main Street Station, I decided to visit her after I dropped off my bags (from Hawaii), and try out the Triple Seven Microbrewery. I already had my order planned and ready before I arrived.

Guacamole Burger with Sweet Potato Fries- 3.5-stars- I ordered this one cooked to medium. At first, I couldn't find the guacamole, but it was under the cheese packed in tight. So it wasn't as gooey or squishy as I had first anticipated. The burger itself was quite juicy, and had a hint of salt which stood out. There is also a lot of olives between the meat and cheese as well. Between the tomato and lettuce was some surprisingly fresh red onions--it definitely hits you fast. I'm usually a fan of caramelized onions on my burgers. The sweet potato fries were average, yet crispy and delicious, as fries should be.

Crab and Artichoke Dip- 3.5-stars- The crab flavor hits immediately, and you can tell this is soaked with crab. The amount of oil was a bit off-putting for me, since it made me feel sluggish and tired. Little balls I thought were potatoes, my mother confirmed was indeed artichoke hearts. This is served with tortilla chips and flat bread. I would go with the bread to slather on the dip. Otherwise, your chips will crack under the hefty weight!

Loco Moco- 3-stars- I ended my trip the way I started, at the Triple Seven Microbrewery, as I waited for our shuttle to arrive. I ordered it medium rare, as I like to have some blood in the morning--I also hear, I sparkle in the sunlight. Either way, this one comes with a thick brown gravy, which seemed a good fit, but the flavor was overpowering. A mix of salty and robust, it overwhelmed the other ingredients. The egg, I ordered sunny-side-up. The burger was just a burger at this rate. Served hot enough, my tongue was a little singed for a day. The plate was definitely filling, but not too exciting over-all.

Blackchip Porter- 4.5-stars- I'm a lover of dark beers. I love the deep woodsy flavor which washes around in your mouth. This porter also has an earthy, chocolate flavor when you drink it. Served with a thick lather of froth on top. Definitely a beer worth trying.

Atmosphere- They really keep the look of the train station here. Huge glass windows show off their giant microbrewery, housing all their different beers. The wide open-space takes away from the look of a bar, which would be great for a place like this, and makes way for an almost family dining environment. Tons of tables and seats, rarely filled--since the next-door Garden Court attracts the big eaters. There is a lot which could be done with this place, and it's not out of reach either.

Service- Service is decently fast, with a touch of Aloha--since this is a very local hotel the way it's run. The meals were delivered quickly, and there are television screens all around to watch the games and sports-reels.

Conclusion- A good place when you're not feeling the buffet. The hours are pretty generous from 11 a.m. to 7 a.m., definitely a place to stop when you want a drink and something to eat after long hours of 20x odds on craps, slots, or blackjack tables. Also, it's so close to the wifi zone, you can get good reception while you eat and drink. The Downtown area of Vegas has a different feel to it, and this place fits right in.
This place has all the micros you could think of. The sampler is a great way for you to try a little bit of everything. On top of beer, they have a menu that covers all the bases from American Grill to Sushi.  They also have a happy hour, which is always a bonus!  I had a burger here with some beer and it was a great choice.
Winner Winner Chicken Wing Dinner!  777 is always a good place to hit after a hard days work.  They've got appetizers up the heezy all at good price.  Me and my fellow employees always order a workload and still end up with a bill under $30!  Some of the goods we normally order are chicken wings, shrimp, calamari, oysters.. there is a lot on the menu, but whatever you decide to order, by God I tell you, always order a side of CHEESY GARLIC BREAD!  So cheesy, so garlicy, even Vampires can't get their hands off them.. HarHarHar.
It's been a long time since I've been here, so when my friends wanted to eat here before heading to First Friday (we try going to different places), I gladly accepted. There is a weekday Happy Hour, but we just missed it.  Also, don't depend on the website for prices, as they were slightly higher when I looked at the current menu. 

There was quite a crowd- it's a popular spot. We went to the bar, and the hostess said she'd get us a table as they opened up, because nothing was open. So we went to the bar, which was about 75% capacity, when we arrived. And about 20 minutes later, it was full. My friend had a soda, and I had a glass of merlot (not bad)- for both drinks, it was less than $6. There was only one bartender- and he was busy. He was nice, though; he gave us the receipt so we could show it to the server, for a free refill on the soda. 

So our friend got there and she got us a table (??? not sure but I think that the hostess forgot about us, because people kept coming inside, and getting tables). Our server was busy too. So we ordered 6 rolls (spicy tuna, california roll, caterpillar & philadelphia) and split them. The bill was $51- which between 3 people, plus tip, was $20 each- that wasn't bad. 

I like that the restaurant space is very wide open and not dark at all- with a view of the brewery too. If you don't wanna wait, I suggest you get there early, especially on a Friday night. Lunch & Dinner menu has appetizers, salads, soups/chili, sandwiches, burgers, pizza, brewmasters favorites, dinner specials, & desserts. I don't drink beer so I can't tell you anything about it, except that the prices seem reasonable. The last time I was here (my previous relationship), I had the peel and shrimp bucket deal (it's pretty big). The casino itself is pretty smoky, FYI.
My favorite casual place downtown.  Great atmosphere, always busy and full of people.  Beers are 5 stars, food is 3 stars but really good value.

Try the Shrimp cocktail (HUGE shrimp), Fillet Sandwich, Chili, Ribs or beer battered shrimp.

Plus it's any easy comp for the gamblers out there!
I finally got to check this place out after being invited out for a round of beer.

Mind you, the beer here is strong, but incredibly good.  I had one of their blueberry based beers, and it was like drinking a dessert.  Their microbrewery is huge, and is housed in an even larger room.  The layout is very, very classy, and best of all, no smoking, so I was able to enjoy my drinks even more.

The real winner for me was the crab and artichoke dip served with chips and garlic bread.  I'm a fan of both seafood AND dips, and this particular combination had me scraping the bowl for every last attainable morsel. 

The service was also great.  The guy was on top of things, never obtrusive, but always around for a refill.  And when I looked at my final tab, the price was ridiculously cheap for what I ordered.  Quality foodstuffs for a really workable price.

Make no mistake, I was pretty comfortable by the time I strolled out of the place.  The beverages kicked in as we were leaving, and honestly, it was more the relaxed buzz variety than the staggering out, "please hold me up" type.  I attest that to the overall quality and flavor of the drinks.

I don't hear a lot of people talking about this place, and I don't know why.  It's certainly something to check out while adventuring on Fremont Street.
Late night snack I ordered the saimin (big bowl) and my gf had spam and eggs. 

Service and food always good!
UPDATE!

Trip #2 was definitely an improvement over the first time here in July.

The brewer made a special brew called "Black Mud."  I sat at a table that ordered five different beers here, and the Mud was literally 100x better than the regular brews here.  Some of them were quite bland, but the black mud was a kick in the pants -- the kind of kick you want to start off your Fremont Street Experience.

If you are a fan of glorified yellow water (Bud/Miller/Coors), go home.  If you care about calories, you wouldn't be drinking beer in the first place (a 50 calorie beer is... well... water).  If you prefer taste and quality, grab yourself a Black Mud.  If they don't have any more, demand the brewer makes more for your next trip.

This establishment is on the beer map in my mind with the Black Mud.  It's so-so without it.

Hear my cry Triple 7.  Keep the good stuff.
Good menu selection and decent prices.  I always go for the beer sampler and fish & chips.    Yet to be disappointed.   Probably one of my favorite places to go downtown for just a regular meal.
Don't come here with a party of more than 4 especially if your planning on dining. There was a  party of 6 before us and triple 7 said they couldn't put tables together. When it was our turn, party of 7, triple 7 said the same thing. Our tables were next to each other but still didn't allow it us to put the tables together or closer to each other.  There are bar top seating also that should accommodate large groups if open.

They brew some really good beer which gives them some originality. There's also a sushi bar, weird because it gives you that typical bar feel but with sushi. Haven't tried the sushi, can't imagine it being any good but I wont know until I try them.

Food wasn't that bad but it didn't stand out as amazing. There was a chicken caesar salad which had too much cilantro. The prime rib plate came with choice of sides.  The prime rib was big but not the best cut of prime rib I've had.  There was a bunch of tough fatty pieces that was chewy. The bake potato was small and not so attractive and only came with packet sour cream and butter.

They also had a BBQ chicken breast and half rack of ribs combo.  Very delicious only suggestion is having the BBQ sauce on the side because it was spicy instead of sweet which they didn't mention.

I had their beers a long time ago. Can't judge them on it cause it was a long time ago and forget how it was. But local so that's a plus.

Large dining area, lots of seats and tv around so it doesn't fill crammed.  Good service and feels like a good place to chill and kick back a few brewskies.
Cool place.  Decent IPA.   Didn't try any food.
It is the best beer in town, I have been coming here 15+ yrs.  Bartenders a great.  The food is average casino/bar food.   But I am there for the beer the food is secondary.  The place is always busy.  They also have a good happy hour.
Lappert's Ice Cream was closed one night and the security guards at the hotel mentioned that 777 Microbrewery served ice cream. They were wrong, but I'm glad we came here anyway! Although we originally came here for dessert, we ended up having a late-night second dinner. We ordered the garlic french fries, chicken wings and deep fried cheesecake. The garlic fries were VERY garlicky! They actually had chopped up pieces of garlic on top of them which I have never seen before. The wings are delicious! We tried the honey dijon sauce and the cajun sauce. Both were good. The deep fried cheesecake was also a hit.

The service here was great and the atmosphere was very laid back. The beers are also very cheap. You can't find prices like these anywhere on the strip. Also, if you happen to have coupon books from the California Hotel, they are honored here too. After using our coupons, we only paid for the cheesecake and 2 beers which came out to about $10. I think I'm starting to like Downtown Las Vegas..
Microbrewery beer flights at 6am, enough said.  I spent almost every late night/morning while on my 5 day vacation in Vegas.  Onion rings, nachos, quesadillas, saimin, honey wings were excellent! I'm a fan of microbreweries because the ambiance is always quaint, unique and different from the usual commercial restaurant chains.
Triple 7 is my favorite casual restaurant in downtown Vegas. Nothing gourmet or innovative here, folks - just good bar food in a comfortable, airy atmosphere. I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't speak for the microbrews. The pizza, to me, is just so-so but I really enjoy the chicken sandwiches and the fried mushroom appetizer. Give me a few glasses of house Chardonnay while you're at it, and I'm a happy girl. While I'm getting my buzz on, Hubs enjoys watching sports on the myriad of televisions above the bar.

I love the high ceilings in here - it feels so spacious and bright, which are rarities in dingy old downtown. (Don't get me wrong - I love downtown, but Encore and City Center it isn't.)

If you've never ventured downtown, you've never really seen Vegas. Leave the douches behind on the strip for a few hours and check out Triple 7 in Main Street Station. It's a nice change of pace.
I really really like Triple 7! Conveniently located within walking distance of my apartment, it is my favorite choice for late night beer and snacks. They have a great deal at happy hour and after midnight on weekdays when beers are only  $2 (and their house-brewed beer is totally delicious). I keep going back for the Black Mud (brewed with coffee beans; I have yet to try dessert here, but I think this would pair fantastically with a brownie or cake something) and Winter Blues (delicious, delicious blueberry beer).

We have always had attentive service (on our last trip, our waitress was wiling to circumvent the late night menu and get us the mozzarella sticks my husband suddenly desired, which was super nice of her) and a good time for not too much money. Plus they are only closed between 7am and 11am, and I am never up at those hours, so they are effectively open 24/7. HOORAY!
Just a fun place!  Good beer. Sushi Bar. Great food. TV's everywhere. One of the best casual dining locations downtown!
Mmmm yum, had dinner here while staying the night at the adjacent connecting California hotel.

My lover boy and I decided to order an appetizer and two meals to share. 

Hot crab and artichoke dip...a yummy appetizer that is so rich smooth and creamy! Ir comes with tortilla chips and garlic bread slices for dipping, this is a winner!

BBQ chicken pizza, very good! Mmmm sliced purple onion, cilantro and smoked Gouda cheese with a nice sweet and tangy BBQ sauce. 

Brewmaster's Tekka maki sushi roll, mmm yum! Ahi roll in beer batter, deep fried, comes with a nice teriyaki dipping sauce and wasabi.

High roller gold draft wheat beer

This experience was very fun, we had an awesome server by the name of Ana she was fantastic! 

This place is busy on the weekends, we went on a saturday and there was a small line forming to be seated through out most of the night. 

Would definitely come back :)
Great selection of different beers made at Triple 7 Microbrewery.  Casual dining inside an old school type of casino.  Price is reasonable and food is good.  Always have to visit when I go to Las Vegas even if I'm not staying downtown.
Awesome lighting, great to see all the top-notch brewing equipment around the dining room. Punched metal tile ceilings. Good fast service even though they were slammed. Hopping atmosphere without being too loud, and not overdone on TV screens. Good beer, though selection was waning. Wife had Surf 'n' Turf...a good call...perfect seasoning and sauces. All five of us liked what we got, including peppercorn-crusted rib-eye and fish-n-chips. Menu has something for everyone, and a bunch under $20 and even $10.
At the Casino with family, they are hitting the machines pretty hard and well me, I've had enough, I'm hungry and I don't know when they gonna break for food, so I wondered into the Triple 7 for some lunch.  

I wanted something light, as I figured we'd eventually end up at the buffet, so I ordered the San Fransisco Cobb salad.  It's served in a cheese tortilla bowl, with ice burg lettuce, some crumbled bacon, diced tomato and eggs and your choice of salad dressing.   I got the vinaigrette.

The salad was a decent size, however, the "cheese bowl" it was served in was a little stale, and the vinaigrette was too strong.  Service was good, I love the large glass they use for their beverages, no refill was needed it was so big.
Great food, great atmosphere, and all around quick service. Waitresses were very nice and courteous.  Will come back again.
Whenever I'm in Las Vegas I look forward to eating at 777.  On this latest trip I ate here twice.  Not a lot, but we venture out a lot and aren't usually in the Casino's until later in the evenings.  One of the must haves for me is their oyster shooters.  Nothing really special about them but they're a great price.  Plus they usually have 2 oysters per glass, better deal.  Oh, yah, don't forget the beer too.  If you have a meal book from the hotel they even cover some of the items they sell.

We went for happy hour one day when we were unloading all our shopping back at the room.  We decided to have some drinks and pupu.  We ordered their new flat bread pizza, deep fried calamari, spicy tuna maki roll, and their oyster shooters.  I had a Blackchip porter and my wife had a mojito.

The flat bread pizza was supposedly a new menu item.  It had good flavor but being a pizza lover I wished it had a more crispy crust.  Still, a good pizza.  Their deep fried calamari is really good.  Their batter is very light and very crispy.  Goes perfectly with their dipping sauce.  The spicy tuna roll was better than you'd expect from a bar in Vegas.  I've had better, but I'va also had worse.  The oyster were just as I remembered.  If you want to kick it up a notch you can also get it with a shot in each glass.  I passed.  I spiced it with a little of the calamari "cocktail" sauce, lemon, and tabasco.  I wished I had some Hawaiian chili pepper water from back home.  The wait staff is very friendly and attentive.

The second visit was later at night--about 2 am.  They were still bustling.  I got their Red Ale this time.  I ordered the 24oz and the waitress told me she'd get me a 16oz as it was on special for $2.  That's good customer service.  We also got the calamari again and  their artichoke dip.  The artichoke dip was good.  Had a layer of cheese on it.  It was thinner than I was used to having but it came with chips and garlic bread.  It was really good spread on the bread.  The calamari wasn't as good this time.  The peices were bigger and their was a puddle of oil on the bottom of the basket.  A turn off for my wife.  Other than that, it was overall a really good experience still.  I kind of wish I got more oysters but it was only our late night snack before bed.

Next time I'm back in Vegas, soon hopefully, you can be sure I'll be back here again.  Happy Eats!
I tried the sampler of beers.  5 pours for $5.50, good deal.  The beers were all good.  I would not go out of your way to get the beers, but if you're in the area it is worth checking out.

Way better beer than Ellis Island.

They supposedly have okay food too, but we just had the beer.
The Triple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery was conveniently located inside my hotel, the Main Street Station Hotel. I came three times in five days. To the restaurant. Not in my hotel room. Please get your mind out of the gutter.

My 11 day work trip to Las Vegas lead me from The Strip to Old Las Vegas. It's definitely not a place to be "seen in the scene." But "Old Vegas" has to be experienced. It's full of charm, character, and characters. 

Seriously, the sun goes down and the weirdos come out to play. It's freaking awesome.

Anyway, this place provides good service, good food, and good service at great prices. What's not to like about that?

The menu has a variety of dishes and house brews. There is something on the menu for everyone. And it's all super cheap. My meals consisted of the fish and chips, fish tacos, and a bacon cheeseburger. It was good, good, and super good.

Speaking of good, the service was as well. The servers were helpful, patient, and never screwed up an order, even if we had a party of 8 or more. Nice.

Anyway, if you are off The Strip and exploring Old Vegas, this is an inexpensive dinner option. And the variety of beer will keep the drinks flowing and the party going.

Viva Las Vegas.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE COMING HERE! Everything on the menu is yummy!!!! We always make a point to eat here every time were in Las Vegas!
Going to keep this short.

Triple 7 is a cool local place that serves cheap (VERY DECENT) craft beers (23 oz $3.95) and typical bar foods (CHEAP) with sushi randomly thrown in there. 

From my experience... skip the prime rib, it was pretty ugly, overcooked and well ugly.  They run food specials all the time depending on the nearby holiday, but your mileage will vary on the taste. Stick to the classics (burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc) to be safe. 

They brews come in a good classic variety: kolsch, pale lager, red ale, stout, and porter. They carry special releases like their cherry stout that I heard is a must. 

I don't know the quality of the sushi or fish freshness at Triple 7, but there is a Japanese chef if that helps lol. 

Overall place to visit as a tourist and a local for some low key bonding time with the homies.
Had a great lunch here! BBQ Western Burger was great! He got the Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich! For all the Burgers you can sub Grilled Chicken at no extra cost!! Micro Brew beers were 3.25!! Great fast service!!
I really WANT to like Triple 7.  It's the kid of place that is pretty cool to hang out with co-workers or take a time out from the action of Fremont Street.  The atmosphere is always good, service is usually pretty good - though some of the ladies are better than others (I've never had a male server there).

It's mere blocks from where I work, so it tends to be someplace we fall back on, but in the past few months, I haven't had great experience when branching out on the menu.  Nearly everyone has a favorite food and doesn't eat much else.  We like the salads, pizza, grilled chicken, sushi and most of the appetizers. 

We keep going back because it's close, the drinks (at the Casino bar next to the buffet) are cheap and the service is pretty good.  They don't fret when 8 people come in all of a sudden and want a table.  If the food was better, they'd probably get 4 stars, but as it is, they get 2.

So... based on my experience - Do's and Don'ts

Do:
Stop at the Casino bar before coming in - the drinks are cheaper (.99 Margaritas, $1.25 beer)
Try the sushi - it's probably my favorite thing on the menu.  I've tried a variety of it and while the selection isn't huge, it is good.
Have a salad or something else that you know the kitchen has to make.  Much of the food is frozen, but the fresh things are good.

Don't:
Eat the burgers - they are frozen, premade patties that never taste good.
Make it complicated - the kitchen doesn't take change well
Try to get split checks - just come with cash if you're in a group.
I give Triple 7 a 5-star in a very specific way - beer and appetizers. We visit Vegas about 5 times a year and I don't think we've passed up Triple 7 on any of them. I don't recall the Happy Hour times, but that's when we try to go. Beer is brewed on site and cheap - although you can get it even cheaper at the casino bar (but they don't always have all of the varieties). CHEESY GARLIC BREAD is awesome and $4 or $5. Meatball sliders, and Honey Dijon wings are also great. I vaguely remember getting a sandwich once and I think it was good....darn microbrews. I recently got pasta though and oh boy did I regret it...stick to basics here and you'll be happy :o)
good beer.........average food. Not entirely their fault i guess catering to the white trash clientele on freemont street but with the beer being in my opinion the best microbrewery in the city it leaves a lot to be desired. 
Basic greasy bar food, burgers,wings,pizza, the shrimp baskets are pretty good and the "VIPA" is always great
I love bringing people here when they come to town.
The prices are cheap and the food good.
There can be a wait sometimes but it is well worth it.
They have plenty of seating but can feel kinda clustered with people at times.
I love to get a salad and the pizza.
Oh.. yeah.. and they have all kinds of tasty beers!!!
If you are paying with a debit/credit card be sure to have your ID ready because they card for all those type of transactions.
I forgot mine once and actually used pictures of myself on my Facebook page to ID myself LOL. Hey.. whatever works!
Decided to hit up the Triple 7 Brewery on a Friday night before beginning the Fremont Street festivities. I've eaten at the Main Street Station buffet many times and found it be one of the better budget friendly buffets out there. Unfortunately my experience at this venue was a far cry from it's dining counterpart at the Main Street Station.

We had a big party, 7 people, all hungry. It was Friday, so we expected a wait and were surprised when we were able to get a table quickly. The waitress was great. It took a little time to get our initial drink order, after that the service was flawless. Refills given before your mouth felt like the Sahara Desert, plates cleared quickly, and a friendly smile to go along with the prompt service. Too bad for her, the food the kitchen was putting out was sub-par.

So I ordered their classic cheeseburger, added avocado, and substituted onion rings for french fries. When the food came out the onion rings were barely above room temperature. They were soggy and literally had no flavor. Having had the misfortune in my youth of working as a dish washer at a restaurant I know a little about frying foods. This consistency only happens when something is fried, cooled, then fried again. No bueno. After a complaint to the waitress she brought a big stack of new onion rings to the table as several of us had ordered them. These were fresh and crispy. The burger itself was ordinary. Cooked okay, no great flavor, definitely expect more from a brewery. Everyone at the table at their meal, but no rave reviews. Prices are okay, definitely lower than the strip.

Fortunately this place is located near Fremont Street where I can drink my sorrows away and get some $1 fried twinkies.
Food is a great value and the brews are among the best in town. For the 7 years I've been going here, food quality has been consistent. Prices have increased a bit, and the quality has not changed. 
Service can be hit or miss, as this place is hoppin' on weekends. Happy Hour is a great value.
After hours of playing on the tables it was a nice place to stop and rest my feet with an ice cold stout and fresh raw oysters. And eating at a place called Triple 7 has to boost your luck especially in Sin City.
We enjoyed our meal here during our recent Vegas downtown experience.  Boyfriend wanted cheap prime rib, so he searched yelp and found this place.  He ordered a larger cut, so it was like ~$14 maybe (?) and scarfed it down.  I tried a bite and agreed that it was very tender and juicy.  Worth it.

I had the mahi dish.  Unfortunately the vegetable side is just one kind of veggie, and it happened to be grean beans.  I only like green beans if they are really fresh and these seemed a little wilted, so I didn't eat many.  Also, it came with a huge serving of white rice (seriously like two gigantic ice cream scoop-sized mounds), most of which I didn't eat either.  So I felt a little badly wasting the food.  If I'd known, I would have requested less rice and a side salad instead, or something.  Anyway.  Then the fish itself was overcooked and kind of dry.  I don't mind it being on the more well done side of things, but overcooked is going too far.  The only redeeming quality of the meal was the amazing pineapple salsa chutney sauce...I just slathered every bite of fish with the sauce and it made everything better!  Delish.

We loved the beer sampler (6 samples for $5.50!!  so cheap!).  I enjoyed the mango beer (although bf thought it was too sweet).  I also really liked the porter.  Bf liked the red and the pale ale.  So it was a perfect balance for the meal.

The atmosphere was like any brewery/restaurant..think Gordon Biersch.  But it was pleasant inside, lots of TVs, and the service was pretty good.

We'd definitely go back, and I would just order something different...probably sticking with the more traditional "bar food" or just getting a prime rib of my own. :)
Looking for an inexpensive option Downtown before a show for a quick bite. This is the first place that came to mind. My friends wanted a little drinky poo before the show and my fella and I needed a snack. I ordered the garlic cheesy bread appetizer and he ordered the wings. My friends tried the nachos along with a mango hef that was on special. 

Everyone really enjoyed their food and drinks. Service was slow, but they were really crowded and our waitress always made the effort to get things to us quickly as possible. Best of all, our meal was cheap. Like really cheap. That made the meal all the better. 

I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!
I recommend this place. Been here about 10 times, Usually when out of towners come visit.

Pros: 
1.  Wide selection
2.  Price, especially cheap beers
3.  The Salmon, Calamari, Oyster Shooters, and Fish/Chips

Cons:
1.  Depending when you go, there's a wait. You get seated fairly quick, but waitresses every once in awhile forget you're there. Maritess is the only exception. She's always around and pleasant to talk to.

2.  Don't get the sushi!! Not fresh, too loose, and too much rice.
This place has potential, but since I tried the wings and wasn't feeling them I can only give them 3 stars for now. I'm sure next time we come the score will improve based on all the other food options that everyone in my party seemed to enjoy. The mango hef was pretty good, so I'd come back to see what other flavors they cook up in the future.
What can be said about a restaurant that fits the classic stereotypical Las Vegas establishment? You know...the one where there is cheap shrimp cocktail, decent drinks, and service that makes you feel you are at a diner, yet not? Well those same emotions came to light at Triple 7 where I found the food comfortable, service just a tad lacking, and prices rather cheap.

The menu features an eclectic fare of American classics, sushi, and of course shellfish. Never thought I could get a prime rib at the same place I could get a California roll? In either case, the food wasn't bad but at the same time not great. It was decent. Nothing special. I found the oysters a tad gritty while the shrimp were on the smaller side. 

Service was a little lacking. It took us awhile to get service once we were seated and while the food didn't take long to come, drinks went empty and it took awhile for water to refill. 

Ambiance is comfortable with a town tavern type of feel. Seating can be a little tight so you might not want to have what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas conversations. Prices are very reasonable with entrees being in the $10-15 range and they offer some cheap drink options including evening $2-5 beers.

All in all, it is decent. Nothing truly great, however at the same time didn't disappoint.
The food was good bar food we had calamari and some other stuff,  but their dark beer fell flat with me.  I was just not impressed.  It was not very flavorful and just made me sad as I had left Sin City at the Flamingo for this place and I should have stayed where I was.  But if you are in the area, based on other reviews, come on down as the food is not too expensive.  

As I'm not a pale beer drinker, maybe that is better.
Based on what the other three people I was with ordered, it appeared that i made the correct choice at this brewery. Gotta give props for the Mango Hef of course since this is a brewery at heart. Burger looked normal and steak sandwich seemed quite fatty and the 4th person ordered a ribeye, which looked like she was struggling to find some meat on the steak at times. All of those dishes were forgetable, but my $8.99 pepperoni pizza was the best of the bunch. Eight very large slices (I only finsihed half) so this is shareable. They do use two kinds of cheeses, so if your a purist, then maybe just ask for mozzarella. But the crust was excellent and this qualifies as a safe choice if you find yourself eating here. Would go back for pizza and beer anytime.
Mango hefe is amazing. The beer here is super cheap and amazingly delicious! Didn't have dinner here, just drinks but the bar staff was friendly :) I will most definitely be coming back for more amazing beer :)
Good beer although brewery tours are limited.
Bartenders need to be more attentive and more knowledgable on local beers
My favorite place to eat when I'm staying downtown.  I very rarely go for traditional dinner in Vegas, so trips to The Chart House, Vic & Anthony's or Hugo's Cellar kind of go out the window.  Aside from that, I just don't want to spend a fortune on a meal when I'm going to spend the balance of my evening gambling, drinking, and wandering around Fremont St.  

I usually wander over to the Triple 7 between 12 AM to 3 AM, and no matter what I've ordered, I've never had a bad meal there.  That's telling for me, because usually a place will have a few duds, and you just have to learn what not to order.  Trust me when I say the Triple 7 always delivers good food.  I read other reviews refer to this place as a gem, and they are correct.  It's what you want when you look to a meal you can enjoy at any hour.

Some of my "Must Try" recommendations are the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, Triple 7 Wings (when you're taking down a few of their Triple 7 Brews), Monterey Chicken Sandwich, Fish & Chips, or my drunken go to: Baked Italian Sub.  

Look, I could go on and on, if you're looking for a solid meal and you're downtown, this is by far the best place to eat at. Give it a shot....
Shrimp and artichoke dip, flatbread pizzas, and cheap homebrew. Tried the sampler until the happy hour special started, then stuck with the IPA. Did not have a weird aftertaste like some IPA's out there. I will be back.
Triple 7 is the only restaurant at Main St Station and offers a wide variety of okay food for inexpensive prices. But since it's the only one, it can get very busy and crowded even though it's a large space 

The bartenders are friendly and efficient, and they offer a full bar with a decent booze selection. They also offer a variety of their own brews, with the High Roller being the best of the bunch, in my opinion
I'm a big fan of beer, no no, HUGE fan. I used to live in Oregon where beer is king and this place and their microbrews definitely contend with some great beers! My favorite, the Royal Red! It's the only beer of theirs that I drink because it's so damned good, like goes down smooth with a great flavor, just can't get enough! Not to mention the beer prices are phenomenal and during happy hour are even better!

The food here is great, I don't think i've ever had anything bad, EVER. Their regular menu food is awesome and their "standard bar faire" is more than that. it's "kick ass bar faire" Garlic fries are a must have! 

Service has always been fantastic! This is one of my favorite local spots for sure and I take everyone I know there!
Not a beer fan but dam this place had a freaking huge menu of beers, and samplers for beers and dirt cheap.

Happy hour is amazing, half off on a lot of stuff.  Came here with my uncles (9 of us total) and we got appetizers and beers and cocktails atleast a new round every 20 mins and got smashed in 2 hours and our bill was less then $80.  So of course we came here again the next day and got smashed.  Wings were awesome, sushi amazing, stuffed mushrooms are to die, and strong well drinks. A must!
When you're in Vegas, sometimes you lose track of time when you're gambling.  That's exactly what happened to me a few days ago.  Next thing I know, it's past midnight and my last meal was around 3pm.  Because we were staying at California hotel & casino in downtown, we made our way to Triple 7.  We just crossed a bridge that connected to Main Street Station hotel -- very convenient because it was too hot to walk or drive outside.  

This place has a bar and grill type feel to it.  In fact, you can see the microbrewery in the restaurant.  My brother claims that their beer has slightly more alcohol than regular beer.  He got their beer sampler for $5.99, which got him surprisingly buzzed, along with an order of nachos.  I ordered a teriyaki burger and the crab & artichoke dip.  My sister-in-law ordered buffalo wings and an italian sausage pizza.  My sister-in-law's cousin ordered the philly cheesesteak.  

Little by little, the food came out and I was surprised at how big the portions were.  I truly didn't expect it from the prices whatsoever.  It was to the point where we contemplated on switching to a bigger table to have more space for all the plates.  The service was okay, though our server wasn't anywhere to be found when we needed her, but she was nice.  

The crab & artichoke dip was great.  I didn't really taste the crab but it was super cheesy and it came with chips and garlic bread.  The buffalo wings were decent.  The italian sausage pizza was pretty decent also.  I love that they don't skimp on the cheese, whether it be on the nachos, my dip, or the pizza!  The teriyaki burger was nothing special.  I told the waitress I wanted it medium well but it seemed like I got it well done because it was dry.  

Overall, this is a great place to hit up for appetizers and beer.  Cheap eats and great atmosphere.
My favorite brewery in Las Vegas! The place is nice and great place to hang with homies for amazing Brew and food. The menu ranges from Bar food to comfort food to fresh made sushi. They have something for everyone. If you get there for happy hour, they have 50% of appetizers and micro brew. The Meatball Sliders are amazing. 3 sliders on a warm bun, smothered in a rich and tangy sauce and dripping with melted cheesy goodness. The fries are crispy and salty the way a fry should be. The wings are awesome. I prefer them extra well done. Nothing worse then biting a wing and the damn thing is bloody. We been there so many times, i can go on and on about the food. The beer is incredible. They take time and pride in their batches. Barleys Beer is ok but pales in consideration. Chicago Brewing company comes in 2nd to Triple 7 Brew. They have their signature beers and tend to add 1-3 new flavors monthly-Bi Monthly. The Black Cherry Cream is awesome. You can taste the Cherry and so smooth. The higher content beers like Monique can put a spin to your dome when you drink a couple lol. When your done grubbing, head over to the bar in the casino. You can get a pint of Micro Brew for $1.75. Cheap compared to anywhere else. Check them out and give them a try. If your a beer lover, it wont disappoint. Until next time, Let's Eat!!
I was so impressed with the Triple 7.  Great food and EXCELLENT prices, especially for Vegas.  The portobello mushroom sandwich was "The Bomb".  An excellent vegetarian option.

I was also impressed with the lack of smoke in the restaurant.  Perhaps it was a fluke but it smelled a lot better than the rest of Las Vegas.
This was my third brewey stop in Las Vegas and m favorite.  You have to make it to old Downtown Fremont street , but defintely worth a visit.  I like the vibe in this place. with a big open space and they do a decent job with their brews: 
I tried a sampler of 5 of their brews iincluding
* High Roller Gold - what you would expect in a lighter beer
* Market Pale Ale - decent
* Royal Red Lager - my favorite
* Blackchip Porter - decently delicious
* Watermelon Hefe - Seasonal. Tastes like a sweet tart 

Bartender added 3 for me that are not part of the normal sampler:
* IPA - pretty good 
* HEFE - solid hef
* Saisson - drinkable

Met some cool locals at the bar.  Definitely a friendly place.  I recommend going here.  Ohh.... and when nature calls, ask the bartender where you can find the Berlin Wall urinals at this casino (little known tourist attraction... definitely worth it)
Since Steven and I are trying to keep things simple on this trip we decided to go to just one brewery. There are other reasons why we just chose one brewery on this trip. Some of you probably can guess why one was chosen if you have been reading my reviews of the past month. That though is only half the story and I will tell the full spectrum of that story at a later time.
We chose Triple 7 simply because they had a good overall score here on Yelp! They also had brews that I haven't heard of before. Like a Watermelon Hefeweizen! Well by the time we got there they didn't have the Watermelon Hefe anymore but they did have a Mango Hefe which I immediately ordered! This unusual Hefe went down smooth and tasted awesome. But only one beer allowed for this bird!
The food at Triple 7 I could have take it or leave it. It is funny. Many people often say how good casino food is and how cheap it is. On this trip at least not so much. The food is mid priced I would say and often times is sub par to a regular restaurant outside The Strip. 
I ordered a Taco Salad here and it tasted fresh enough but also seemed uninspired and didn't really have the TLC needed to make it a good dish. The guacamole also tasted a bit odd. 
If Triple 7 didn't have such good beer I would not have been so generous on the star giving. The food didn't impress me and was one of my least favorite meals. But not the beer. Ho no!
I love this place. Great beer, great prices and their food is pretty good too. I always make a pit stop here when I am in Downtown. Great for Happy Hour too!!
Love the decor, visual of copper kettles, amazing beer, and killer bar.  If only we could transport it to Planet Hollywood, Hard Rock,  or Wynn hotel.  Great brewery inside what looks like a 1850's train station.  Definitely old western look and feel.  Solid brewery look and appeal.  The crowd is a bit pathetic though being so far off the main drag and away from all the new stuff.  It took a $40 cab just to get here... uggh..   

Beers were good but I'm not sure I'd go back because it was too depressing.  This place just doesn't have the visual eye candy of every other place in Vegas.   If I had just lost my life's savings and wanted to end it all, this would be the place to go out with a bang...
More a locals spot but good to try if you are staying downtown. Beer is alright, but the specialty beer is amazing. Food is the best party because it's amped up bar food plus they have a Sushi bar. Great hangout place after downtown concerts or a 51s game
I wish there was a place like this at the strip (or closer to my house back in Cali - haha).  I didn't get to try the food but Microbrews here are DIRT cheap here!!  Hef, Saison, and Double IPA were all pretty good!!  I'd avoid the ales & pilsners here.  

Come for happy hour and pay $3 for a 22 oz of beer!  

-23 OZ BEER ONLY $2.95 !!!!  (normal price is $5.95 for the same price, still cheap!)  I picked up the hef
-$5.50 for a flight of 5 beers (4 oz each beer!)

Tips:
-The bartender was cool enough to hook us up w/ HH prices (even though we arrived at 9PM, way over HH).
-Regular size beer is $5.20 for a 16oz of beer
I remember coming here when I was a kid and OMG it was so cool I like the fact the whole atmosphere was so different than any other place I eaten at mostly because it has the "grown-up" feeling. It normally a dim-lighted restaurant, and whenever it get crowded it get loud. The food were good and I can't remember their price because I couldn't help checking out the look of this place and some of the thing they have like the brew machine, bar, television, etc. Sometime I would stop by here right after the Mayday festival or just to eat.
We went here after we've read all the recommendations. The location itself is very nice (on the inside) - typical brewery atmosphere mixed with entertainment of a sports bar. Also there is a free wifi ;). 

We've ordered the ribs and one of their home brand beers. The half rack ribs were 9.99, which is not that much. And a few minutes later I knew why. ;)

The food was really, really bad quality. The ribs were dry, the sour cream was served in a packet and the "Chefs vegetables" we're definitely right out of the freezer and not even hot. Yes, should have known cause of the price...

I can not recommend this restaurant. Seems that they were kind of an insider some years ago and let things slide since then. 

A no-go-place to eat.
Cool pub style bar downtown Las Vegas.  I like how easy it is to get here!  Never mind the homeless people walking around outside they are harmless.

The food here is pretty good.  Had the calamari and wings.  The clamari was light, crispy and tender.  The wings were crsipy, juicy and big. 

It is a nice atmosphere in here.  I like walking through Main Street Station - it feels a little bit old school in there.  the bar itself is open and inviting.  The service is good.

It has a nice friendly atmosphere.  A good place for large groups because it is big.  It is just a nice place to kick and drink a few beers!
Excellent beers on tap and a good mix of people. Reasonably priced drinks.  You must try this place out!
I think I have been here about 3 times and I can honestly say its been mediocre to bad.  This last time I tried their sushi which I can highly recommend everyone to stay away from.  Although it was flash fried it came cold and bland yet still had a funny after taste.  I'm positive they have some good tasting items on their menu I just haven't had any yet.  On a positive note, my dad enjoyed his ribs!  I would say stick to the bar food and beer.
On Sunday I met up with some friends to have lunch there at around 3:00. Others in our party ordered burgers and really seemed to enjoy them. The portions are large. Fries were ordered for the table. They were delicious, both the sweet potato and regular fries were golden, crispy and hot. I tasted someone's onion rings which were very good. 

One of the dipping sauces served with the fries was a sweet sauce that is a cross between BBQ sauce and ketchup. It was the best part of my meal! Some in our party ordered cups of chili. Their cup size is very large.

I ordered the fish tacos. Big mistake!  The fish was on a nondescript, limp flour tortilla, on a few pieces of shredded, wilted lettuce. I wonder who told the chef that wasabi should go on fish tacos? The fish, although battered and fried adequately, was unseasoned. I thought maybe they didn't season it because it was on a fish taco so I tried someone's fish from their fish and chips order. That fish was also unseasoned and tasteless. 

Also the staff seemed to be having problems taking our orders in a timely manner. There were 8 in our party and it was a bit difficult flagging down waitresses and getting our drinks. They weren't even very busy that day. Prices are reasonable.
............... the beer is the best thing about this place
Great beer selection, food is really good with a great selection. Great place to watch sports!
Try the wings for sure!
An observation:  casinos always serve very good food.

Triple 7 confirms that observation.  Perfect burgers, very good pizza, good chicken tenders and nachos..

Main Street Station is a friendly, comfortable casino...very good craps, best odds in LV.
I can't speak for the beer. It was lunch and I was hung over, so I had a soda. This is a microbrew pub in the casino area of old Downtown Las Vegas, and not the sort of place for which I'd typically write a Yelp review. 

However, I ordered the Western bacon cheeseburger, which turned out to probably be among the top 10 hamburger experiences of my life. It was dumbfoundingly and wholly unexpectedly incredible. The burger itself is thick and juicy, smothered in a tasty barbecue sauce, and garnished with roasted red peppers, onion rings, and Monterray Jack cheese. It was perfect. It's been several days since I ate it and I'm still thinking about it. A cheeseburger, that is. I'm still thinking about a goddamn cheeseburger. That just doesn't happen.
This place is muah! I went here over the weekend and was happy. We had wings and things as you can see from my pictures. The beer is wonderful and the staff extra kind. Its a bit of a sports bar feel to it because of the games on the big Tvs. But I did enjoy myself. The husband is a sports nut who loves his beer and he was very pleased. Its located Downtown Las Vegas you will have a great time if your alone or on a date or with a group.
When its 1am and you're in Vegas sometimes you just want to go down to the restaurant in your hotel and avoid any hassles. Triple 7's is a nearly 24hr restaurant located in the Main Street Station Casino and is a cooler looking spot to have a beer but lacks in the food department

Parking:
Tons of parking in the Main Street Casino Lot

Atmosphere:
Probably the coolest restaurant in downtown. Kinda of a Gordin Biersch type of feel.  Huge breweries on one side and kitchen on the other.

Service:
For the most part the 6 times I've eaten here went problem free. Sure most of the times its been after midnight when it was slow but all the waiters/waitresses have been more than adequate.  Beware of the weird hours.

Cost:
Prices will run you around 7-11$ per person but overall its pretty cheap.  If you're getting sushi(in which I never have) each item will run you about 3-4$ which can easily get pricey. During happy hour(3-6pm M-F) they have a decent happy hour of $5 appetizers and better yet $2 beer & wines.  If you happen to be from Hawaii and are here with "Vacations Hawaii" then this restaurant participates in the food voucher program but your selection is kind of limited to mostly burgers and appetizers.

Food:
So I've been here 6 times and for the most part I haven't been impressed. Sure most of the times I've had a free meal voucher which limited me to certain items but nothing was "great" on any of my trips. In fact my last visit I ordered the meat loaf which was just plain horrible. The meat loaf came out as a white pre made patty(which I assume was frozen) and has the texture of tofu made product.  The gravy was your typical packaged powered gravy that you would buy for $0.75 in the store.  If you go here stick with a simple burger or the pizzas have looked good

Conclusion:
Triple 7 looks the part of a good brewery restaurant but just doesn't cut it on the food end. I'm pretty sure they have the same chefs as the big buffet next door because the food seem to be mass produced and on the cheaper end.  If you need a place to watch a game or go for after hour then it's not bad but don't get your hopes up.
Cyndy's BOTTOM LINE:  Great micro beers and a good variety of appetizers.

We loved the battered fried green beans with wasabi sauce!  Great batter and fried golden brown.
Three years ago we stumbled into the Triple 7, starving, hungover, and indecisive about where to eat.  Once we got food in our stomachs we ended up, long story short, having a conversation about getting engaged and then marched ourselves over to city hall to get our marriage license.  So, you could say, Triple 7 holds a special place in our hearts.  In honor of our third anniversary, we decided to go back and actually pay attention to what we were eating.  I was happy to see the Yelp reviews were not terrible!

The overall experience was better than expected, I have to say.  Major flaw is just the fact that the menu only lists some of the beers and I happened to glance towards the ceiling and noticed the name of a beer I wanted in poster form.  I asked the waitress when they have that beer and she said "we have it now."  It would be nice if the menu/waitstaff/table tents would inform you, up front, what beers are actually served at the BREWERY.  

We started with crab dip that actually had a ton of crab in it, then moved on to a burger and a steak.  Both were cooked well and had a lot of flavor.  Our sides were plentiful and the prices were not bad either.  A solid choice - especially since it's open 24 hours!

Our service was attentive and friendly and they happily honored our request to move to a seemingly random table in the middle of the empty restaurant (which is the table we think we technically got engaged at).
Triple 7 is a neat place. It's tucked away in the Main Street Casino, an old timey gambling hall with some strange artifacts. The restaurant itself is updated but still maintains a cozy feel with tall ceilings and a lot of wood and brick.

The micro brews are surprisingly good. I don't mean to hate on Vegas beers, but when a restaurant offers a flight of five 5 oz pours for $5.99, you prepare for the worst. My flight came in a wooden holster and contained four of the regular beers and one seasonal flavor. I can honestly say that they were all very good.

The food is typical bar fare with a lot of burgers in the $7 to $8 range. Nothing is great but the prices are fantastic, so I'm not complaining. 

As you might expect, the main draw of Triple 7 is the craft beer. If you go, definitely focus on the drinks and limit the amount of food.
Nice restaurant.Very good service. Food is good. Pizza was not so good. Ordered the veggie pizza. Crust not tasting pizza like and different mixture of cheese no bueno for me. Sushi and salads are really good. Would difinitely visit again.
After taking a bad beat at the Golden Nugget, I called up my friend to meet up for a concert later that evening. Knowing that I required an immediate injection of craft beer, he recommended that we meet at the Triple 7 Brewery at Main Street Casino. 

Now THIS is what a brewery in a casino SHOULD be. (Yes, I'm looking at you, Ellis Island) They offer a nice variety of your standard brews (Hefeweizen, Pale Ale) and a couple of Brewmaster specials that show their diversity and beer knowledge. I started with the Marker Pale Ale - a very nice, crisp, and refreshing pale ale. For the next brew, I was planning to order the Soothsayer Saison, but I overheard the bartender telling another client that The King's Kolsch was made with lemongrass. She offered a sample to the other gentleman, who commented that the lemongrass flavor was very front-forward. It wasn't for him, he said, but it sure peaked my interest. 

After a sample I ordered a full glass. It's not for everyone, but it's certainly the type of beer that I just LOVE. The lemongrass flavor was strong but balanced, and the beer finished very crisp and clean. It reminded me of the Ginger Lager at Wild Wolf on the Blue Ridge Trail ... very unique.

I was about to order food when my friend arrived, so I can only rate on the beer at this point. I will be back here next time I am in Vegas, and if the sushi is as good as the bartender claimed it is, and as good as the beer, I may bump them up to 5 stars.
Decent food, good service. They do have some good drinks though!
As Far as cheep food in Las Vegas, it's great. As far as good beer in Las Vegas, it's great. The service sucks and the ambiance is just slightly better than the main administrative office at your local DMV. This is probably due to the fact there are a bunch of sad people eating while taking a break from losing money in the casino. They try to offset the vibe with tons of sports playing on the many TV's on every wall. 
The beer is really good, its too bad the place is stuck in the old smokey casino. 
The sushi rice is not quite right. but its alright for the price.  

The hot dog simmered in the pale ale with the chili, total worth it. The beer is great!
I had a free night so the family and I decided to stay a night...ate here around 9:00 it wasn't too busy after a couple hours of gambling I was starving so we decided to get something we ordered calamari and some kind of all beef hotdog...the calamari was ok sort of bland and the hotdog wasn't that great. But the service was great very friendly and local especially our waitress she was from our hometown back home so it was nice, the atmosphere was sports bar& grill/ brewery look it was nice as well... Not looking forward to going there again but I will give it 3stars just because its ot the best but also not the worst and service was great!
OK; just an update regarding the food.  My son and I went and sat at the sushi bar on Sunday at about 8:30 PM.  It was still busy and packed, but we got good service as usual.

We ordered hamachi kama (and got a super large piece with the whole collar and a lot of filet attached to it), a mixed sashimi plate of ahi, hamachi, ika, and tako.  Very big serving for the price.  And some various nigiri sushis.  

Again the food was excellent and we were satisfied.
It's definitely not swanky, but it will satisfy with a little bit of everything on this menu.  Think Applebee's, but with good microbrews.  If you drink, then you must get the beer sampler.  You're not really coming for the food.  Remember that.

I hit this spot pretty regularly whenever I am in Vegas (because Downtown gambling and people-watching FAR outranks the Strip).  It has all the bad food you crave during the rat race of salads and Diet Cokes.

Even if there is a line out front, waiting to get in, just hang tight because it moves fast, no matter how large the group.  Very similar to a buffet cattle call.

Just eat, drink and be merry here!
I don't often eat at Triple 7 because I'm partial to the other restaurants within the Boyd properties, but every now and then a bit of sushi or some greasy bar food does the trick.

On this last visit, I opted for the former and consumed some oysters, a large mixed sashimi plate and a giant hamachi kama.  Truth be told, the fish isn't the finest quality I've ever eaten, but it's pretty darn good for an offering at a brew pub.  Finesse is lacking, but I can't complain about the portions or the service.
Beers are great! The food was not great! The garlic fries had no favor because the garlic all fell to the bottom of the basket. It was jarred garlic too, not fresh. The salsa that comes with the chips and salsa must be "pace picante sauce". I should know better than to order that.
The best thing here are the microbrews, they are amazing. The sushi is great and melts in your mouth. I love it. They run a happy hour from 3-6 weekdays and the beers and some select menu items are on sale. They recently updated their menu with some new items, however none of them sound appealing. Basically the menu update was a price increase to everything from 20-25%. With that kind of increase i was hoping they would step up their quality of food up, but unfortunately they did not. Just the same old average bar food. Nothing really stands out except the sushi.
Prices have gone up so Triple 7 isn't the bargain it once was for group dining.  There are some new menu items so we tried the pot stickers (small gyoza, not bad), battered and deep fried green beans (really good with the wasabi based dipping sauce but can't taste the green bean), and stuffed pork chops (ok pork chop but the stuffing's consistency was not good - like stuffing made into baby food.  Too full for dessert and only one visit to Triple 7 on this trip (used to be 2-3 visits, sigh).
After a long day of conventioning and a long night of walking walking walking through downtown, we decided we needed some dessert and unfortunately, the ice cream shop in the California was already closed.  Darn it.   We decided to head over to the Triple 7 inside of the Main Street Station because the word was they had dessert.  

When we arrived the hostess seemed put out by our party of 10 and said she would have to look for a table.  We glanced to our left and saw a long table with 12 seats and asked if we could sit there.  She said we could but if there were ten of us we'd have to all be on one check.  It seriously felt like she wanted us to leave.  We sat.

A server finally came by and got our drink orders and then after a while another server came by and told us she was back from break and could take our food orders.... drinks had yet to arrive.  I was very thirsty and asked if I could get a glass of water (which I had already ordered).  She told me the other server was placing that order. Soon after, the drinks did get delivered by server number two, however she started at the opposite end from me even though I was the one who asked.

A little longer wait and then the food arrived.  I had decided to get mozzarella sticks instead of dessert as nothing on the dessert menu sounded like all that.  When she delivered mine, I realized there were no set ups on the table, so I asked if I could get some napkins.  The server told me she'd get us silverware once she was done delivering food.  She finished delivering, went and got silverware and passed out one roll to each person... me last.  Then she walked away and came back with extra napkins which she dropped off at the other end of the table.  I was totally feeling invisible.

The mozarrella sticks were not that great.  hard and rubbery instead of melty and I shared them...  when I aksed for the bill, she dropped it off at the other end of the table, too.  So bizarre.

Overall, I had a good time with good company, but that was despite the service.
We had dinner at Triple 7 Brewpub on Friday 3/29/13. The environment is a wide-open lively bar atmosphere. Kind of fun! We ordered:

Korean Short Ribs ($6.99) - these was tasty ribs marinated in a soy-ginger sauce.
Triple 7 Wings ($7.99) - these were yummy too
Hawaii Roll ($13,99) - spicy tuna topped with ahi
Spider Roll ($12.99) - softshell crab, avocado, cream cheese, cucumber.

The sushi wasn't the best sushi I've had, but it wasn't bad.
For good quick food, we'll be back.
We were on a mission to find a delicious shrimp cocktail. Saw the reviews and made the trek off the main street into the 777.  
Alas, the "cocktail" was four Jumbo Shrimp on a small plate with 2 tablespoons of cocktail sauce. And it was $11!
We couldn't believe it was soo small & plain. When the menu said legendary we can say it was unforgettably sad.
And so the search continues...
Must say the Beer Battered Shrimp was a much better dish if you are craving shrimps. Service is good, the place is clean & modern and the selection of beers was impressive.
There's certainly excellent beer in this restaurant if it's the same beer that's served at the bar. 

There's probably good food in this place, based on what's on the menu. 

I wouldn't know about either because THE SERVICE SUCKS! With plenty of tables available, the hostess was absent for more than 5 minutes and no one offered to seat us, although servers DID pass us by. When finally seated, it took nearly 10 more minutes for a server to acknowledge our presence, then no water for another 5 minutes. 

It was at that point, we left, went upstairs to Aloha Specialties, located on the California Hotel & Casino's mezzanine, to have a delicious meal. 

My advice...sleep at the Main Street Station Hotel, gamble here, enjoy the bar, but pass on all food choices at this hotel. YOU HAVE CHOICES!
Very tasty and well made Beers. The house beers are your standard line up, where this place shines is in the seasonals and specialty beers. Some are OUTSTANDING!! The VIPA series offers up some very tasty IPA's, and the Chocoalte Cherry Stout is a must try. I recently had the Lemon Grass Kolsch and it was amazing. Very light and refreshing with a slight hint of citrus, and that earthy lemon grass flavor was subtle but still enough to really bring life to the beer. 
Food is good but not spectacular, but go for the BEER!!!
Whenever my mom and I go to Vegas, we always go to the 777 Restaurant for dinner since the Market Street Cafe (at the California) usually has a long line.  During this trip, we visited the restaurant twice.  

With the first visit, we ordered burgers (mom got the cheeseburger and I got the mushroom burger).  She opted for sweet potato fries and I got regular fries.  The burgers came out quickly and they were cooked the way we wanted.  Nothing too spectacular...

But on the second visit, we ordered their BBQ chicken pizza and an order of potstickers.  The potstickers were okay and came with a tasty sauce.  The pizza was awesome!  It was a bit bigger than one from CPK and was enough for the two of us to share.  There was just the right amount of chicken, onions, and barbecue sauce on each piece.  

The atmosphere is somewhat noisy and it was hard to have a real conversation without yelling across the table.  There are various sports shows going on around the bar.  

I know that we'll return the next time we come to Vegas.  I'll just order another pizza to try.
I feel like I'm stepping foot in the Midwest when I come here; everything on the menu, aside from the inexplicable sushi (huh?), is breaded, deep fried and/or smothered in an inch of cheese, and served with a half-cup side of ranch sauce (you don't even have to ask for the ranch, they'll automatically bring it to you).

Beers are the real draw here. All the ones I tried here - the Hefeweizen, Black Chip Porter, and High Roller Gold, were flavorful and washed down the greasy fare well.

Decor is surprisingly nice as well. The ornate tin ceiling and the pretty glass enclosure of the beer vats are not overshadowed by people screaming at the TVs that are blaring sports. 

As many have mentioned, the service is sub-par, but not abysmal. The waitress was there to take our orders and to deliver the food and drinks, that's all I can really say about her. I was at least glad that we didn't have to wait too long, even on Friday night during Memorial Day Weekend. 

At the end of the day, this place is definitely sports bar esque, but there's certainly nicer trappings as well (microbrews, sushi menu, nice decor).
Ha!  My hubs reviewed this place a few years ago and basically said the same thing this time that he did then.  What is up with the detergent there???  Beer doesn't taste good when it tastes like soap.

Anyhoo, I had a steak salad which was not what I was expecting.  I ordered steak medium and it came well over that.  I was starving so I didn't send it back and it ended up being pretty tender regardless.  The odd part was that the salad part of my meal was probably less greens than a side salad.  And on top of that, they also put hot sauteed veggies as a side on the plate.  So I had a pile of hot zucchini and onions wilting my tiny salad.  I thought that they got my order wrong but when I got the receipt it did say "Steak Salad".  It did taste pretty good overall though.  

The beer was OK.  I had the Red and I wanted to try the Mango Hef but wasn't able to order it out on the casino floor.  Drat.
There are two microbreweries on or near the old strip. This is the only one where the beer is brewed on location. 

Triple 7 is an interesting space. It's like a pub meets sushi bar meets, well, Vegas. Brick walls, plenty of seating, big tall ceilings and yes, a sushi bar with a big neon sign behind it. 

If you're coming in for the first time, order a tour of microbrews, the sampler is only $5.99. 
Do you like mango? Try the mango hefeweizen. Light in flavour, it goes down easily... too easily. You'll want more! For something a little different, the King's Kolsch is a lemongrass beer surprise! It seems to be an up and coming flavour in everything from beers to vodkas. I'd ask for a sample sip before you order... just to make sure you can handle an entire pint of it.

If you're hungry, might I suggest the Korean short ribs and Korean tacos? I know, weird to have a Korean influence in a microbrewery right? Not any more odd than a sushi and oyster bar. Anyway, both are delicious and both come with a side order of cucumber kimchi. The short ribs were saucy and delightful, though my server, Monique had a description that gave them way more justice than I ever could. The tacos came in a half soft, half crunchy shell and had that same bite. After those and my tour of beer, I was so very full!

Tip: If you're going to order some sushi, you won't be able to do it right from the sushi bar. You'll still need to go through your server! Just roll with it... 

Bonus: No smoking allowed inside the pub. You can escape the smell!
Good place to go down town. There is a good chance of having a line to get in (15 minutes wait). Good choices on the menu, normal Brew Pub food. It does get loud in there especially when there is a sporting event going on.
I really like this place.  Took my aunt and uncle here Monday night while they were in town.  I really enjoyed the High Roller Gold, which is one of their microbrews.  They also have televisions everywhere which was great because the Stanley Cup finals were on and we were able to watch that.  This is a great place to come and watch sports at as it is quite reasonably priced.
Great selection of Triple 7 house brewed beers and pretty good food, but a little bland. Great atmosphere with plenty of bar seats and tables. Will come back for sure for the beer. Will eat lunch or dinner elsewhere. This is in a not so desirable part of town, wouldn't venture here at night.  Go during the day,enjoy some really good beers and get back to the good restaurants on the strip.
Stayed at the California Hotel 4th of July weekend. Had read about 777 and decided to try it since the west tower where I was staying at the California is about a 3 minute walk away. I enjoyed the bar so much that I ate every meal during my stay there. Yeah, sounds lame but I don't give a shit, the place was nice and it was too damn hot to be strolling around. The microbrews were about a 3/5. The two I was looking forward to were out but oh well. They had a pale ale called Marker that I settled in on. While in vegas I only eat during happy hour(s) which is 3p-6p and  after midnight. The beers are $2 during HH. The food was 4.5/5..I had (not all at once) wings, nacho supreme, meatlovers flatbread pizza, broiled chicken sandwhich and a pepper crusted ribeye (medium). Man, that damn ribeye was delicious, came with a baked potato and greens for $15.99. When I stayed on the strip last year with friends, I payed $50 for a Ribeye at some place in Ceasars that couldn't touch this one. All in all this place was real chill, the bartenders were by in large real cool, some came off strange ( and stressed) but that's common, and I never had a problem getting a bar stool during HH. I think California Hotel and 777 will be my new set when in vegas solo for fights.
Ah! This place is great! I have been meaning to come here for some time and a bunch of us decided to come after work recently. We didn't make it to the happy hour (boo) but everything was super inexpensive either way.

We tried all of the house brews; my favorite was the Red Lager. During happy hour I believe the beers cost $2.50. I think I paid about $4.00 dollars. What the heck? That is super cheap for a craft beer! 

The food is good; we tried the sweet potatoes fries, garlic fries and Buffalo wings. Everything was super tasty, particularly the garlic fries and the wings. It is bar food though, so I would stick with burgers and appetizers. 

I will be back real soon and will make the most of the happy hour. 
On a side note, the casino is rather charming, in an old, western kind of way.
Great place for the beer lover. Great variety. Something for everyone. Food isn't bad either.
I been wanting 2 come here for some time now finally stopped by after work today. It means a lot to me when I get great service! ( amazing service might I add! ) food was delicious and the BEER was out of this world!   all and all I will make this place a regular spot can't wait to take my friends with me :)
Excellent beers, good sushi, exciting atmosphere. The beer sampler for 5.99 is great. Went right during dinner rush hours and didn't have to wait.
Customer service was great. The decor was very nice. Food not so great. My bf ordered the saimin wonton and I ordered prime rib. The saimin probably tasted the best out of the 2 dishes. The wonton was pretty huge and the meat inside was not so great. My prime rib was nasty and hard as hell. I had to slice them into pieces and put them in the saimin bowl to make them taste decent. The green bean were frozen green beans and the baked potato didn't look good at all. Their idea of a loaded potato is sour cream and butter. But it fed us at 1am when we were looking for something to eat.
We usually stay at MSS, so we eat at Triple 7 at least twice each trip. This time around we had a great server one night that was attentive and caring even though she had a ton of tables. We received plenty of refills and our burgers were delicious as always. The micro brews are still we'll priced and delicious. Here's where they lost two stars...We also visited late one night during our trip and it was an awful experience. Our server only came by once and never refilled our drinks. My wife ordered Alfredo pasta, when it came the chicken was rubbery and inedible. The server was bothered by my wife's request to send it back, only after waiting 15 minutes for her to come back to tell her the chicken was bad. I noticed that there are a lot more loud and annoying yuppies that frequent this place now, not as fun as when I started dining here 4 years ago. Lets get more Hawaiians in here again, they are always friendly and respectful. If I wasn't loyal to Boyd I probably wouldn't return after this bad experience.
Come for the beer and stay for the prices. 

We stopped here to kill some time before our check in at another hotel. I love trying new beer, especially from microbreweries. It was only a brief stop and I can't comment on the food. First, I want to say that I was very shocked at the price of our beer. Two beers came out to the grand total of $3! Isn't that amazing. That beer was almost free. However, the beer just ok. There wasn't anything too special about it, aside from the price of course. If I remember correctly I had the Pale Ale and tried a couple of other samples. The bartender was cool and had no problem with talking to us about the beer. 

As I'm reading the reviews on the side panel, I believe we caught the happy hour special. I think this is a good place off the strip to hangout in the afternoon and start some day drinking.
Great microbrews. 
Friendly service.  
Reasonable pricies.  
Average bar food.
I was really disappointed with our latest visit to Triple 7.  It had become a staple on our annual Vegas excursions, thanks to its casual atmosphere, friendly service, and good food for the price.  Unfortunately, our latest experience left a lot to be desired.

The food was a mixed review.  I thought the smothered potato chips were awesome (even though my bf didn't care for the white cheese sauce on them).  I can't believe that the Angus sliders were actually Angus -- they tasted like the meat from my grade school cafeteria, kind of spongy and weird.  Plus, it was odd that they only gave us toppings for two burgers (two pickle slices, two tomato slices, etc.) when there were three burgers.  The cup of chili was so tiny that we thought they brought us corn chips and dip by mistake, but to their credit, the chili was very tasty.  (We'd had the bowl of chili before -- it's a much better value for only a couple bucks more.)  The entrees tasted great and were plentiful servings, but my only gripe was that the ahi salad only had one small piece of avocado in the whole thing.

The main problem was the service.  We were seated promptly, but our server was obviously overwhelmed.  She was apologetic at first, and having worked in food service, I am generally sympathetic, but at points, our server was nowhere to be found.  Drinks came 15 minutes after our appetizers.  Tables around us turned over twice by the time it took to get our entrees.  We requested to-go containers at the time we got our entrees, having waited so long that we'd lost our appetites, and we waited another 15 minutes before I walked over to another server's station and asked for some.  I ended up walking up to someone who I think was the manager (who was dealing with another customer who had waited endlessly to order) to get the check.  Just inexcusably slow -- about 1.5 hours for just appetizers and entrees when we already knew what we wanted to order.

I've had much better experiences here before, so I hope the most recent one was just the exception and not a trend.  I'd still give Triple 7 another shot the next time I'm in Vegas.
Came in for quick apps and cocktails. Really surprised about the portions - very generous - had the fried green beans, pot stickers and edamame. Much more than we expected. My friend's Maker's and coke perfect, my Crown rocks  kinda light, but can't complain about the prices - here it was  $10 or so on The Strip it was almost $30 for the 2, wow location, location, location. Want to come back for the microbrews.
The atmosphere was great and the food was okay. My coworkers and I went for happy hour. We had mozzarella sticks, wontons, and the quesadilla- typical bar food and it was pretty good. Service was not so great. Our server was less than attentive and flat out refused to split a check. It wasn't like we were asking her to split it seventeen different ways. We just wanted to split it between TWO parties. My feeling is that any place that makes it difficult to pay your bill is sending the message that our business isn't important. She also refused to give us a takeout box.
Beer is a 5! Food is what made it a little lower. Service was great. All the beer was great. Pale was my favorite. Belgium IPA was different and really good!
Noisy, unnecessary "games" going on that no one was interested in, tv screen overkill and terrriiiible food! 
Nothing on the menu sounded appetizing and their selection was pretty basic (I wasn't the only one in my party of 12 who said this) 
I ordered the fish & chips and I don't think I've ever had a meal so bland! Heard pretty good things about this place, but it could definitely do much better.
Came here after the Kings game and were disappointed.  Upon being quickly seated we waited. 

And waited and then waited, waited some more and after listening to four songs, I sarcastically asking the hostess that seated us is if there was wait service or whether something had changed.  

She didn't apologize, just questioned that no one had come to even drop off water and went towards the back muttering. 

Two songs later, we admitted defeat and just left. 

This was at 11pm. The place was barely 1/3 full. Could it of been that we were Asian and none of the staff was?  At a hotel that caters to Hawaii?  We didn't get a chance to be asses since we never were approached with any type of service other than being seated. 

I personally have eaten here 25+ times before with no issues like this. It'll be a while before I think about going back. There is nothing that special about the food here, then there's the service.   Meh.
Mmmm... Beer. Late night Vegas beer. I am a dark beer drinker, and their Black Chip porter is smooth and tasty. My father in law loves the Red and my wife gets the hoppy ale, close to an IPA. The food is pretty good, burgers, ribs and the like. Pizzas aren't anything special though. A few of the servers aren't good multitaskers, so if you are in more of a hurry ask the hostess about the server she is assigning you to. But go for a brewski! You'll be happy.
Oh man, I had a great time at Triple 7.  It was pretty busy on a Sunday night when I arrived, but I sidled up to an empty seat at the bar with no problems.  Then I ate and drank to my heart's content and paid pocket change for the experience.

The space is rather large and there are two bars flanking either side of the dining room.  The brewing equipment is prominently positioned on two levels along the back of the restaurant.  It's a nice, open space and I felt very comfortable.

The bartender/server who attended to me was efficient if a bit abrupt.  That's okay--he's a bartender, not a waiter.  I prefer brusqueness to plodding service at the bar.  He wasn't chatty but he answered all of my questions and was quick with the refills.

The beer was fantastic and cheap.  I especially enjoyed the porter and the seasonal Oktoberfest.  Each style was well represented, which in my experience is rare in brewpubs.  There was a high level of consistency.  Plus, you could drink here all night and pay the tab with whatever's leftover from your taxi fare downtown.

For dinner I ordered a burger and fries, and they were acceptable.  The burger was cooked a bit longer than I would have liked but it tasted just fine.  I noticed that they also had a sushi bar adjacent to the regular bar.  That was unexpected and seemed a bit out of place in a brewpub, but hey!  Maybe some people like sushi with their microbrews and fried mozzarella sticks.  I didn't try any.

I left about an hour and a half later having consumed a burger, fries and four beers.  The total tab was less than $20.  What a great value.  If this place were located near my home I'd rarely eat or drink anywhere else.
Started off with waiting farrr to long to be able to order a drink. Finally got the drink and I swear it had not a drop of alcohol in it. Actually had to buy shots to put in the drink. Cool looking place  but the servers look like they should maybe work at a Denny's.  Bland burgers with bland fries. Best part of my meal was the Diet Coke.
PATHETIC. This place has gone from bad to worse in a matter of months. Wish I could give you Zero stars.

 I decided to give 777 another chance since my review back in March. I wish that I didn't. 

As I said in my prior review, the best thing here are the microbrews. Correction, the best thing about 777 WAS the microbrews. I ordered a High Roller and immediately noticed that it did not look the same. It used to be a golden color, now its more of a red/brown. 
I asked the bartender whats up with the beer and he said that they got a new brewmaster. The High Roller tasted nothing like before. The bartender said that many people have been complaining and offered to give me a different kind. I went with the Black Chip. It tasted like right (must have been an old batch before the new guy came).  
I ordered a burger and ate it at the bar and also ordered some korean tacos to-go. A few minutes went by and I noticed that the bartender quickly swap out my bill with a new one. I looked at it and he was charging me $2 because I was taking some food to-go. WTF? The bartender said he can't do anything about it and said he can get the manager. Yes, do that I requested.
The manager came out and I told him that I have been coming to 777 for 15 years and and this place has fell to $hit. I told him the food prices went up considerably and the quality has never got better. I also mentioned that the beer is not the same. He said its a different color but should taste the same. What?? This guy is clueless. Get a clue and rename your beers something else, and not try to pass off $hit as diamonds to your customers. 
I finally mentioned to him about nickel and dimeing me for $2 because I wanted to take an order home. He took the $2 off but still.

I am NEVER EVER COMING BACK.
We went to the bar at 777 Grill for their happy hour. It's a good one if you're downtown. $2.00 for their brew? Can't beat it. I wouldn't drive down here just for that but definitely a place to go if you're there between 3-6PM. 

We had ordered their sweet potatoes and they were good. They serve them with ranch and a salsa ranch. The salsa ranch didn't taste like salsa but it was better then the regular ranch. 

I love the "old" of many things and Main Street is one of those place you can just feel the history.
Not bad for a micro brew in a Vegas casino.
I stopped by for lunch and had a couple beers as well as some food. The menu is a little ridiculous in that they have a large selection. It's safe to say that more is not always better when it comes to menu items. I think it takes away from the quality when there are so many items on hand. Narrow it down and you can focus on quality. example.... I had half dozen oysters on the half shell. They were large, didn't taste fresh and looked funky actually! Safe to say I didn't eat them all. Just didn't look or taste right. The burgers they had looked good. Maybe next time I stop by I'll give one a try. The beers were pretty good! Price was good too. I'd probably come back if I were in the neighborhood.
Triple 7 in the Main Street Hotel is good for a late night snack.  Atmosphere is good, service is good, and food is good.  I'll be back next time I'm in Downtown, LV!
Food portions were huge as well as their beer sampler. Great beer!  I had the taco salad that was made with chili and it was delicious. My wife had the Ahi salad and I was jealous. The Black Cherry Stout was pretty good.  I will be back.
I have only triied beer here a couple of times but the High Roller Golden Ale is A-OK.
Triple 7 is a microbrewery restaurant that serves up pub food and freshly brewed beer. I came here for the 1st time recently for lunch, even though I've worked right down the street for years. This place is great for lunch, even if you're in a hurry because they have an express menu where your meal is free if it doesn't come out within 20 or 30 min. I didn't order off the express menu though, and decided to go with a burger since that's what a friend recommended I try. I went with the San Francisco burger which uses grilled sourdough bread instead of buns. The burger was great and cooked medium like I had asked for. 

We sat at the bar and the bartender was really nice and attentive throughout the meal. When we left, he asked if we worked in the area and then proceeded to fill out a couple stamp/punch cards and handed them to us. Ask for one if you're a local, you'll get a free meal after 5 weekday lunch purchases. 

Overall this place was great, both food and staff. I will have to return for some brews after hours. They have happy hour Mon-Fri from 3-6 PM as well.
Our group of 6 came here after having dinner on the strip for some beers and munchies.  The sampler of 5 7oz beers for 6.99 can't be beat.  If you like all the beers, you could just drink that all night.  We had the pot stickers, Korean short ribs, edamame, and a few other things I don't remember (ie drunk).  I had meant to try the sushi but didn't.  The short ribs were pretty good.  It was about a 25$ cab ride from Harrah's to here.  Well worth the trip.  Good beer, decent food.  No complaints from anyone in our group.
The beer is indeed cheap, can't be a $6 sampler, just wish it didn't arrive warm and sloshed all over. We sat at the bar and the bartender did not seem to care that we were there. We had to flail our arms around whenever we needed him (and no, it was not busy). Food was mediocre, nothing to write about, beer was decent (probably better cold).
I ordered the Frisco burger and it was ok.  The patty was a little bland and the bread overly greasy but the reedemer was the 1000 island sauce which was tasty. The fries are good as well (especially with their gravy or ranch sauce). My boyfriend ordered the mushroom steak sandwich which was "alright" -- that's how we got the gravy. The highlight of the meal was dessert. We got the deep fried cheesecake and the espresso. I HIGHLY recommend it!
I feel like i always end up here, although i've only been here twice. It's inside the Main Street Casino in downtown. Its nice cuz they have a pretty large menu, lots of sports TV, beer and not too crowded. 

Their cheesy Garlic bread is super yummy.
I had their chicken and avocado sandwich with sweet potato fries. They give you huge portions!
Based on my equation of great + plus really good food + mistake-free service = 5 stars, upgrading Triple 7 to 5 stars is a no-brainer. Every time I come here I am more and more impressed with their brews. My last visit it was a wonderful Lemongrass Kolsch. This time it's a phenomenal Sour Saison. Triple 7 took two of my favorite styles and made a memorable brew with a perfectly balanced level of tartness. And their other seasonal, a hoppy wheat brew, was also excellent.

On my last visit I heard great things about their sushi. You wouldn't expect sushi from a casino to be good, but the downtown casinos have a high volume of Hawaiian and Asian patrons, especially Triple 7 and the adjoining California. So this time I ordered a nigiri sampler and it was beautiful. The hamachi and ahi were outstanding, and all of the pieces were HUGE. 

I can't imagine a future Vegas vacation without a stop at Triple 7. Some of the best craft brew I've ever had, some of the best sushi I've ever had - how could I NOT consider this one of my favorite places on earth?
And yes, they do fill up any other growlers w/one of their brews of course, and that's only if your pick's in stock; their best IPA was & will be for another 2+ weeks, TAPPED!
Stopped in here to try there beers.  The beers are pretty good.  Every time I have stopped in here, it is pretty busy.  The last time, I saw several member of the LVPD having lunch here.  That is good sign.  The service is pretty good and friendly.
The Vibe: This is a brewpub.  It's airy and its got that simple pub feel.  You just want some diner food and beer, but not at a divey lounge?  This is a FANTASTIC alternative in the Fremont Street area.  You also can watch sports here too, and just feelin a chillax effect come over you as you hang out here.  

The Attire: If you were business casual or something more classy than that, you will be expected to buy drinks for everyone less dressed up than you.  Come as you are with CASUAL as an expectation.

Consider: DON'T COME FOR THE MICROBREWS.  These are not great, and by far some of the weakest I have tried.  Coming from some experience of trying 200+ DIFFERENT beers, and having done beer tasting in San Diego, trust me on this.  Come here to hang out, get some grub and a drink, but not for beer tasting.
My cousin, husband and I came to this place because the Main Street Station buffet had a super long line.  Bad idea.  The service was terrible.  The waitress took forever and did not give a rat's a** that she did.  We all ordered the Choice Cut Ribeye Steak.  Huge mistake!  I got the teriyaki style and my cousin and husband got the cowboy broiled steaks.  You could definitely tell these were cheap steaks.  I mean seriously cheap like found dead on the road or something.  Terrible, terrible tasting!  And what teriyaki sauce??  I mean can't they just get it from the jar?  Ugh seriously one of the worst steaks we have ever tasted.  The baked potatao was bleh and the green beans were soft and mushy.  I guess I should have known when I seen the sour cream come in a packet.  I gave this place one star for the beer.  I got the High Roller Gold which was pretty good.
All I can say is wow. We tried their buffet and it was pretty darn good at this place. But 777 kicks ass. I had the Philly steak sandwich which was a grilled hoagie bun with yummy mozzarella cheese I asked for no bell peppers and extra onions and a steak sandwich was so huge I had a hard time picking it up. I had garlic fries and my girl had the flatbread with meat lovers that was like a huge pizza it was so yummy licious recommended all the dishes that came out looks wonderful. Our server Lori she was a great server and work her ass off for us
Bland, poorly prepared food and terrible service. But the atmosphere is pretty sweet and the High Roller microbrew was worth drinking. This place would be out if business anywhere but a Freemont St hotel... Definitely will not be back.
There aren't a lot of places I would put down in Las Vegas as having a "home" or "community" feel. Though Sin City might indeed be the creator of many sinful provocations and temptations, "humble" isn't a word that comes to mind readily. However, visiting the little brother of The Strip and spending time in Downtown Las Vegas had the benefit of finding a nook, a corner to sit in where the smoke of cigarettes and waves of slot machines faded to a hum. Brick walls and copper colored beer vats instead took place and slowly, it's easy to phase into a history mixed with old speakeasies and modern day breweries like BJ's. Triple 7 Restaurant & Microbrewery welcomed everyone back to the brewing days.

Deco: 4 stars

The interior is surprisingly large. Although located inside Main Street Casino, walking in felt like you were inside one half of a giant brewery, waiting to be explored like an adult in Willy Wonka's beer factory. Large copper vats can be seen and old saloon ceiling fans churned the atmosphere. Flat screen TVs showcased the latest in sports and a huge open dining floor with no partitions to be seen showcased the large space available for accommodation. There is no glitz and glamour of a showgirl here. Simply the girl-next-door humble look we all learn to love one day at a time.

Service: 3 stars

The service was friendly, almost down right Southern. The server was pleasant, introducing the different specials of the day as well as the selection of beers that are brewed within the very walls you find yourself. However, as tantalizing as the descriptions for food and drink might have been, it was a bit slow. Hopefully you are in no hurry.

Food & Drink: 4 stars

The great thing about a simple place is they give you simple, delicious food in large quantity. Sure, this isn't Bouchon or Mesa Grill but it doesn't have to be. There is no need for comparison because the food tastes great for what it is: traditional American cuisine made with good ingredients and lots of generosity in portion sizes. The burgers are juicy with crunchy, savory breads. The fries are crisp with a texture perfect for sauces. The salads are huge and filling for vegetarian and omnivores alike. Come hungry and you'll leave full. Come famished and you'll leave satisfied.

And because they brew and create their own hoppy libations on site, you as a diner have the pleasure to sample and indulge on truly unique beers you can only find here. The porter was delicious with that oaky, smokey, caramel aftertaste after each sip. The amber ale was as golden as a Swede's hair in summer. Plus like every brewery, there are flights to be had and spirits to enjoy. If for nothing else, you should come for the beer.

Price: 4 stars

The price might not be the cheapest in the land, hovering around the same price you would pay at a Hoff's Hut or BJ's, but you get so much for your money. It never feels like you've been cheated out of your money or you made a gamble by coming here, which is a great feeling considering all the dangerous that your wallet will face before or after dining here. Instead, just like the food, you feel satisfied.

Conclusion

Many people won't know about this wonderful brewery. Even more people will find it hard to believe you. But once you come here and truly experience what a gem this place really is, you'll be wondering why you never came before. From the artisan beers to the tranquility within the storm of chaos all around, Triple 7 Restaurant is truly unique and worth experiencing. You'll make a lot of bad choices during your stay in Sin City. You should at least try to make a good one by dining here.
Triple 7.  I'm from Milwaukee, yo.  I know beer.  The sampler was very good, aside from a flat glass of the Red.  I asked the bartender for a substitution, and he gave me 2 more beers of my choice with an apology.  Shane, thank you!  You left before we could tip you well.  I liked the Double Down as well as the Pale Ale, and he liked the one with the gold tapper.  Richard was also a great bartender and remembered us from earlier that afternoon.  

Two other bartenders were disaffected, however, which detracted from our experience.  One looked like Alfred E. Newman all grown up and could have cared less if we were there.  Another on Wednesday night just gave us our drinks, never asked any questions, and cashed us out.  

All-in-all, if you're a beer fan, definitely stop by and try it!
I wish I were in Las Vegas right now just to eat at the Main Street Triple 7 brewery! I live in California but when my family from Hawaii is on vacation in Vegas , I fly down there to vacay with them for a little bit of fun, shopping and food! This pub has thee best happy hour menu. I love the fried calamari and artichoke dip. Thumbs up for the house brews. Many items on their menu are absolutely delicious and not only the prices are reasonable but they also are very generous with the portions of food. They are also very accommodating to their guests who vacation in downtown LV from Hawaii by offering many local Hawaii comfort food favorites in their menu (saimin, sushi, Korean short ribs) .
Good restaurant.  Ample portions.Was delighted see such a variety of food sections.  Would not hesitate to go there again.  Plenty of interesting beer choices.  I had the steak salad.  Not the usual "lots of unnecessary lettuce filler with a small portion of steak."  Steak was delicious and a good size portion surrounded by freshly grilled vegetables on top of fresh greens.  The other selections in our group were a burger & fries, prime rib, stuffed pork chop, 2 beers and a glass if wine.  Satisfied customers all around.
Mediocre but certainly not bad.  Good appetizers - pot stickers and cheesy garlic bread.  3 in my party ordered burgers and all were happy.  I ordered the ribs - not great.  Beers were okay, especially the red.  The brewmaster special tasted like black coffee.  Pretty good service and very reasonable prices.
Great food, not ideal to watch a basketball game.
This place along with the Triple George Bar and Grill on Ogden St is one of the great hidden gems off of Freemont St.  First of all this place is spotless they keep the restaurant/brewery very clean. Now for the most important part, the food and brew. I ordered the Korean tacos and two brews. The tacos were excellent with an amazing spicy kick typical of great Korean food, the brews were off the hook, they had a great batch of hefeweizen and an awesome triple bock named after our waitress (who was awesome). All in all the microbrew is top notch and the food and ambiance is 5 star, why this place isn't packed to the ceiling is simply location. People when on Freemont st expand your horizons there is more in life than tasteless food from Tony Roma's and gimmick diners like the Heart Attack grill!!!...use Google map it's 3min off Freemont and well worth the walk! I love this place and will be back with my family next year!
Was seriously underwhelmed with this place.  Based on reviews I was pumped and got a large group of guys to go down there.  The food was acceptable but where Triple 7 really let me down was the beer.  I went for the beer and tried some of their award winning microbrews and I was not impressed.
Some friends in Vegas with us told us to try this place. A group of us went in and had great food and drinks for a super reasonable price!! The service was great and friendly.
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out on Freemont. We didn't eat but the beer was pretty good! They had a nitro porter and you can order a flight. The beer prices were very affordable considering it's Vegas. It's a pretty cool hidden gem.
Great bar. Awesome happy hour, food, beer, and prices. The place is rarely crowded and a great place to watch a game. A locals paradise. The Mango Hef they make for summer is the greatest beer on Earth!!
Do not get the hamburgers.  They have a funky off taste.  The bloody Mary's were very good.  You can get the same beer on the casino floor bar for less than half the price they charge in the brewery..

Waitress kept complaining to us about how slow the bartender was. He poured my beer before he made my partners Bloody Mary.  I saw it sitting on the bar for near 10 minutes.
Sushi.  Do not order, this is not a sushi place.  My daughter saw another table with it and got excited an don't ordered two rolls.  OMG, the worst.  Don't make the same mistake everyone.
Service. Nice and great.  We got our two sushi taken away and didn't get charged for both.
chicken fettuccine.  Good
Ribs.  Decent.
Chicken wings with just flats.  Decent
I come here a lot just cause with family when they visit.  So I just deal with it.
This place is the Bee's Knees when it comes to microbrews. Every one on the menu is great. My all time fav is the Monique seasonal brew. It used to be served in a sifter with a two order limit per person due to the alcohol content, but I think they have since lowered it because the last time I was there, I was asked what size I wanted and the sign had the alcohol content blacked out. All good because I was a fan of the taste more so than the knock you on your butt effect.

The food is always great here as well. Ordered lots of things here. Last time I ordered the nachos which were awesome. And they have countless TVs, so catching a game here while sipping a microbrew is ideal.
Too many fun memories here mostly drinking!! But the food and service is always pretty good! I love the beer choices and it's usually not too crowded everything from nachos to salads even sushi!! Party time baby!!
Great food awesome menu... Laid back and watch some march madness
This continues to be our favorite place for late night food that provides the island flavor satisfaction we seek that other downtown area places don't have or when we don't feel like waiting in long lines for oxtail soup. Anytime sushi option with the meals make this joint unique I'm food choice variety. 

I'm really not a beer person but I guess people here come for the best of that too'
Love the atmosphere and service is fast considering the variety of dishes the kitchen needs to prepare. 

Food for the mood...you can be sure that if you're feeling light there's great salads and appetizers, fresh oysters, edamame, artichoke dips, sliders, and every traditional favs. Or if you're feeling hearty try king size prime rib, meatloaf, Alfredo with garlic bread, many more!!!

Food has always tasted grand, I don't know what the bad reviews were eating but I haven't had anything I didn't like. So give them a try...a full house and lines out the door during mealtime don't happen at joints with food that suck!
We got to our hotel late and this was one of the few places open near the hotel. We decided to go in and it was enjoyable. Wasn't crowded as it was after midnight on a Wednesday night. Had a couple of the their beers but missed out on the mango beer. Maybe next time. The burgers were good and hit the spot after our long flight and drive to the hotel. Didn't get a chance to visit after the first night but when we stay at the Main Street Hotel, will for sure go back again, especially if they have their mango beer.
I only tried one of the beers, their porter. It was decent, but it did not really stand out. The salad I ordered on the other hand was very good. It had candied pecans and a variety of greens. The wait staff was also excellent. Attentive, but you hardly noticed they were there.
Move over Pizza Hut! BJ's has you pinned for their pan pizza! If you like Pizza Hut and like their Pan Pizzas then you'll definitely love BJ's Favorite Pizza! Their pizza in my opinion tastes better! mmmmmm! It's a pan pizza with all the fixin's Oven-baked meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, black olives, white onions and fresh Roma tomatoes. This pizza is so yummy!  It's nice they have different sizes you can order...mini size, small, medium & large of coarse. This way it suites your hunger and how many will be eating it!  I like it cuz sometimes I just want a taste and I can order the mini! ... I also like their chicken wings too! Luv it! gotta try it!
Great atmosphere, great service. There are many menu items to choose from. 

Plus Pizookies are awesome! You get a free one for your birthday ;)
Pretty slick place! (I felt under dressed in my shorts, no worries though)
Nice room. Will seat 100+. Someone paid attention to details here!
Great graphics on the walls, the logo's for their homebrew styled beers are excellent. Meaning they make you want to order and drink them (thats what a good logo does) http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/list.aspx Well crafted brews I will add. 7 are on tap year round with an additional 10+ specialty (seasonal) brews. ex: Pumpkin Ale, and Oktoberfest Marzen coming Oct./Nov.

It's a large menu. Listing Cocktails and Wines  throughout the Beers, Appetizers, Soups/Salads, Pizza, Burgers, Pastas, Entrees, and into the Kid's Menu. Tip: Dessert, try the PIZOOKIE®!! don't ask, just Do It!

Nice Bar too. You are welcome to eat a full menu there. But, before 7pm daily all appetizers 1/2 off (bar only) just an fyi. So I am told. I did not do this this visit. http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/beginnings.aspx (Sliders (4) Angus Beef is $7.95 w/ fries take 1/2 off before 7pm) 

Service was excellent. Food was good. Interesting variety well executed.
Big room, and it was filling to Full by 7pm, noise was very tolerable.

So if you find yourself on the westside near Red Rock Casino, BJ's is across the street. Easy parking. And they also have have "Curbside pick up" for To-Go ordering http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/curbside.aspx
Hours:
11am-10 pm Sun-Thurs
11am- 11pm Fri-Sat

No gaming that I saw either. (Nice break) 2 Nevada locations and plenty more http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/locations.aspx
I come to this place every time I visit Vegas.  The beers are good. The food is great and reasonably priced  My personal favorite is the pesto cilantro pizza, but I have really liked everything I've had there.

It is a really fun place to hang out at the bar.  My favorite bartender there, Mike, is quite the  charmer.  It's always nice to be flirted with, even if you are old enough to be his..uh.. slightly older sister.

I had to take away one star because the kitchen and bar close way too early.
Not much to say. Very typical type of spot. Nice look and feel. Decent food. Didnt blow me away, but maybe that is because I didnt try their famous pizza. 

I'll update the next time I am out there, but that is only if I actually feel like going back. I recommend it more as a spot to fit a bunch of friends who want to grab some cold ones and some grub while watching the games.
Good chain. Pretty fast. The deep dish pizzas aren't really deep dish like Chicago (saucy and soupy) more like a pan crust pizza from pizza hut but still pretty good to eat and definitely better than the average Chicago want to be. Haven't had the beer here but they have a great happy hour around 5. 

Biggest recommendation would be to order the world famous pizzuki, a giant cookie in a skillet covered in ice cream. Wow.
daryl was the best server i have ever had! he deserves a nice tip every visit
Where do I begin.....

I've been to BJ's many times in Northern California and it's a pretty good restaurant. Anyhow my sis and I were staying at Red Rock and wanted something other than a buffet/fastfood/$$$restaurant so we decided to come here. The food is pretty much the same across the board which is great because I hate inconsistency when it comes to chain restaurants. This restaurant has PHENOMENAL service. The hostess that sat us was very sweet and our server [whose name I'm unsure of] was AMAZING. She was attentive, sweet, and just a great server. We ended up getting a pitcher of beer, artichoke dip/bruschetta, nachos, and a parmesan crusted chicken entree all for under $60! 

Note: On the check it said our server was Cinnamon. Not sure if that's a birth-given name or a nickname... Cinnamon was the shit!
Every single time I go here everyone from the host to the servers remember my name and my drink, and I only go there 2-3 times a month. I usually go during happy hour for their half off mini pizzas which are to die for!! The BBQ chicken cannot be beat, I have 99% of the time. Plus, their pizookie is AMAZING!! I will miss this joint when I move back to Green Valley but they just opened a new in Henderson. GO to this place if you want happy servers/bartenders, awesome music that isn't too loud for conversation, and a huge food selection.

Like most places, it's a madhouse after 6!
This southern California transplant is a good, fun restaurant. Located across the street from the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin it is nice and new and in a nice part of town. 

They have a huge selection of beers to choose from. The menu has just about something for everyone. They have lots of deep dish pizzas to choose from as well. The pizza is what they are known for. The service was friendly and fast.

BJ's has a desert called a Pizookie, which is a baked cookie topped with two scoops of ice cream and served in a dish.You can choose from chocolate chunk, white chocolate macadamia nut, peanut butter or oatmeal raisin walnut ice cream. Totally not healthy and totally yummy.
I have eaten here several times.  Have enjoyed the white pizza.  I usually order it with extra garlic.  The pizza dough is fantastic.  I have tried the mozzeralla sticks and the avacado egg rolls.  Both were not that great.  And I agree with the other posters that the Pizookie should not be missed.

My only quibbles are that the prices are a little high and it is way too crowded and noisy.
My husband and I come here probably once a week.  Where do I begin?!
Below is what we LOVE:
1. Apps:
-Potato Skins
-Chicken Pot Stickers
-Avocado Egg Rolls
-Chicken Wings
-Chips & Salsa (yes, their salsa is good!)
2. Salads:
-Caesar Salad (with chicken)
-Honey-Crisp Chicken Salad
-Santa Fe Salad
3. Pasta:
-Angel Hair Toscana
-Grilled Chicken Pasta
4. Entrees:
-Parmesan Crusted Chicken Breast (SO GOOD!  My husband get's this almost everytime!)
5. Sandwiches:
-Angus Roast Beef Dip
-Crispy Chicken

We actually haven't had their pizza, but all our friends say they are delicious!  We always love what we get, so its hard to try new things.

If you have room for desert (servings are VERY generous) then you gotta try the Pizookie.  Huge cookie with ice cream.

Great Beer & Drink Menu.  Casual, so you can come in your jeans.

They have something for everyone... I'm sure we will be there again this week!
Our trip to Vegas ended with neither a bang nor a whimper and that was fine by me. After spending time at Red Rocks Canyon, we wanted a simple dinner before heading to the airport to catch our flight. We initially went to The Vintner Grill, but that was way too upscale for what we had in mind. We'd been hiking all day and I wasn't feeling (or looking) swanky. While I prefer non-chain options, this brewpub clearly has their act together.

BJ's has a sports bar feel and an enormous projection TV above the bar as well as multiple flat screens throughout the large restaurant. Sunday night brought out people in droves, and I can understand why, since this place seems equally enjoyable for families, singles and groups. It was a great place to watch some football and the restaurant just hums with activity.

The service was incredibly efficient and we saw the entire staff hustling. What is unfortunate is that the food isn't nearly as special as the atmosphere and service. Mr. K ordered a beer and I had to be different and chose hard cider, but neither was great. One of their specialties is deep dish pizza and again it was only OK. For the standard entrees, portion sizes are enormous and I was happy we shared dessert since the BJ's Brownie is served piled high with whipped cream.

For the food alone, this is a three-star joint, but it really doesn't give this place enough credit. It would be a semi-regular hangout if they were located in my home town. Funnily enough, my local sports bar has a very similar name.
We were pretty pleased with the food, drinks & service at BJ's. Typically when me & the hubster are in Vegas we're visiting family so we tend to stay away from the Strip and just relax... which is sometime hard in Vegas. BJ's is so chill it's easy to feel comfortable. Though its a chain restaurant, they've hit the nail on the head with stellar service and strong drinks.  

Lots of beer choices and like Ken. M said, they're one seasonal beer on tap is a killer hit (at least with my hubby!) I had one of the strongest cosmos Id gotten in a long time and that was perfectly fine with me considering we were there with the in-laws ;)

Nonetheless, when you're in Vegas and either want a break from the Strip or just someplace to feel comfortable, watch the game and put a few back, BJ's should be just perfect!
BJ's is a great place. Great food, great beer, great hand crafted root beer (according to my son,) and great service.

BJ's offers healthy size portions (often enough to keep me in left overs for a day or two at our family condo.) I highly recommend any of the specialty salads or the stuffed baked potatoes, which are a meal in themselves.

If you are up for some beer - the 7 beer sampler fits the bill to start. I would recommend the Tatonka Stout if you like dark beer. BJ's also offers some hard ciders and regular mixed drinks.

Watch for BJ's happy hour - most mini pizzas and appetizers are 1/2 price later in the evening in the bar. 

BJ's is great for kids and offers several kid's selections (that are adult size meals.) Most come with an included drink - my son always gets the handcrafted root beer, which is a lot better than the other soft drinks.

Grab a bit at BJ's - you won't be disappointed. They have a great take out too if you want to avoid the line.
Every time I have come here I always get the avocado appetizer and it fills me up so I have yet to try anything else. My wife usually orders a salad, but the beer is what we go here for. While we're not always in the mood for beer, there are only two places in all of Vegas I'd recommend, the first is Chicago's, but this is a close second. Ok, I guess a third would be Gordon Biersch, but whatever.
The highlight: Wine half off  on Tuesdays.  That's a deal. It goes for both bottles and by the glass.  I believe the special applies all day long and not only during happy hour (3-7pm).  They have the basics:  their "house wine" is barefoot (listed at $19/bottle) but with the special it comes out to be very similar to what you can get it for at Trader Joe's.   

I shared the homemade Kettle Style Potato chips ($3): good choice.
I also shared the flatbread Margherita Fresca pizza which I don't strongly recommend;  It was $9 and barely any tomatoes.  Mainly just cheese with specs of tomatoes. 

I just ate here earlier today and had a great time.  There's a good overall ambiance with the music, the service, and the continuous crowd coming in and out (It's a tuesday evening and it was still crowded by 10PM). 

I probably would come back because of it's convenient location, minimal wait and decent prices.
My girlfriend and I went here just last night, and it was amazing like always.  Their pizza is one of the best I have ever had.  They have all of the traditional toppings, but their specialty pizzas are to die for.  I had a buffalo chicken pizza that was spot on and amazing.  Their always seems to be a long wait (and for good reason), so make sure to call ahead.  Also, their desert 'Pizookie', which is a cookie topped with ice cream cooked in a small pizza pan, is a perfect end to a meal.
The environment can be chill or loud, depending on when you go. They have TVs everywhere, which are great for watching football on Sundays. They do take big groups, but told us they could only separate the checks 4 ways max. Also, parking is a pain during busy evenings/weekends, especially since it is right next to Olive Garden.

I do not like their pastas. The pizza is delicious. The strawberry lemonade is fantastic, but they can never seem to make a good batch consistently. The pizookie (white chocolate & macadamia is my fave) is unforgettable.

I go here often, usually with friends, but it is far from my favorite. Their food is good, but none that I would ever be yearning for.

After you get all the blowjob jokes out of the way, don't forget to order a pizookie. It's the one "for sure" dish they have.
Happy hour at BJ's Restaurant Brewhouse is worth a look!

Offered on Mondays through Fridays from 3 pm to 7 pm, and reverse happy hour on Sundays through Thursdays from 10 pm to closing.

$1 off all Draft Beer and Cocktails
Half off all Mini Pizzas
$2 off all appetizers (BJ's Snacks & Small Bites not included)

You can only take advantage of their happy hour in the bar area - so cozy up to the booth or the high tables!

For our party of three, we shared three flatbreads and we enjoyed them all!

* Fresh Basil with Italian Sausage "Mozzarella, Fontina and Parmesan cheeses, fresh basil with a hint of oregano, sliced Roma tomatoes and a touch of Italian sausage." ($8.95)

* California Club "Grilled chicken, crisp Applewood smoked bacon, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese.  Drizzled with roasted garlic aioli and topped with fresh diced avocado." ($8.95)

* Grilled Chicken Pesto "Basil pesto sauce drizzled over mozzarella and fresh Parmesan cheeses then topped with grilled chicken, red onions and sun-dried tomatoes." ($8.95)

I can't remember which one was my favorite, but I know we were impressed by all of them and happily finished them.

I also enjoyed their Double Berry (10 oz) "Berry Burst Cider & Lindeman's Framboise" ($5.95), which is part of the HH. 

It definitely gets packed though during these hours, so get in there early.  We barely got up from our booth when another party was happy to take it over. 

It's a busy restaurant with means the noise level is high and parking can be challenging.
This is one of my sister & mine favorite places to munch... We went tonight & only had beers... while we normally we eat & indulge in the wicked selection of draft brews... from their house brews to the wide selection of more comerial beers... I don't think I drink the same beer twice in a visit...
as always the service was awesome... never had an empty glass... the check was under 20 bucks for 6 beers.... not bad... now I've never sat any where but the bar so all I can vouche for are the bartenders... but they're good... so
BJs Pizza....In the words of Bret Hart, the best there is, the best there was, the best there ever will be.  There may be a bit of hyperbole there, but damn, I'd be hard-pressed to say that ive ever tried a better pizza and thats saying something since this is a chain.

I've been frequenting both the San Jose, Roseville and Las Vegas locations (yeah, i get around) for almost four years and finally have the sense of mind to review it.  Whats nice about this place is that no matter which location you go to, you can always expect consistency.  Great ambiance, great food and great fun are to be had at each location and you can really tell the company strives for it.
Where to start, oh yeah, PIZZA!  The pizza is amazing.  It is the deep dish style not to be confused with the stuffed type youd get at Zacharys in the yay area or Giordano's in the Chi.

The pizza is baked to perfection, has the right bit of crunch to it and is just generally good all over.  The sandwiches, beer and desserts are nothing to scoff at either.  Please try a Pizookie if you ever get the opportunity.  I'd rank it right up there with the White Molten Chocolate Cake (believe it or not) at Chili's or the Brownie Sundae at MRKT inside the Aliante Casino in North Las Vegas.

Do yourself a favor, eat at BJ's.
Bj's is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour 3pm-7pm (I think). Their Garlic Kettle Parmesan chips on the small bites menu is one of the regular items I like to order. It's a good size portion that can easily feed three people. It comes with caramelized onion dip and a buffalo sour cream. I prefer the caramelized onion dip because it doesn't take away from  the flavor of the chips. Their mini deep dish pizzas are delicious and cheap during happy hour. Their appetizer portions are enough to make you so full that sometimes you don't have room for their Pizookie! I also found out that they can make the Pizookie into a half ..half order. It's helpful when you share this with someone who is the complete opposite of you because they can customize it to your liking. I find eating here during happy hour is sometimes cheaper than eating fast food and it's more filling.
I should finally finish this review I started a while ago. In short, BJ's is a good chain restaurant with good brews. If you like IPAs, I recommend their Tempest IPA, which isn't on the menu. Secret IPA for the win!

The last time I was there, it was for the World Cup 2010 Final. We chose this venue because our buddy had $70 in gift cards. It's really not the best spot to watch sports, but it served its purpose.

On this visit, I ordered their Jambalaya. I wasn't completely sold on it. I don't mind spicy, but this one was to the point of barely tasting the dish. In the past, I've had their deep dish pizza. I remember it being pretty good.
It's been awhile since I've eaten at Bj's. I love the Blonde beer. The last time I found hair in my food and the service was great.

Yesterday we were there for an early dinner. We grabbed some calamari, avocado egg rolls and the sampler. Then 2 mini pizza's. Everything was excellent! Especially the service! I will be back to eat here again.
Mmmmmm. Can you say Pizookie?! Giant Stuffed Potato?! Seriously some really good food. Great prices. Currently they have a 2 for 19.99 special: 2 soups or salad, a medium specialty pizza, and a pizookie! I was stuffed, and when I left, my wallet still was. I go here at least a few times a month, and never have been disappointed! Better than Chili's, and come in at a tie with Cheesecake Factory for best cheap, date night eats :)
Love the food and the beer what more is there to say. Oh yea, the pizza is real good but kinda pricey if you get a lot of toppings.
Haven't been to BJ's in a while and we went last night for the Pary for Two special they have for Sept.  My first time for pizza, the BJ Combo was excellent, couldnt finish it.  I usually have Jeremiah Red but decided to try the Oktoberfest last night, Loved It!  And after the Pizookie, yummy i wanted to sleep.   I love the food, service and atmosphere at BJ's especially the BEER.
Came here for lunch with my Mom.  It has been a while since we've eaten here.  Since it was Sunday and the NFL games were on, we sat in the bar area.  I'm glad we did because they have Happy Hour all day during the games.

We ordered Chips & Salsa to munch on while we waited for our entrees.....it's not complimentary.  I ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger Deep Dish Mini-Pizza, which was 1/2 Off during HH.  Mom ordered the BBQ Bacon Chicken Sliders & Fries, which were $2 Off during HH.  To wash it down, I ordered their Oktoberfest Beer special on tap.

The Chips & Salsa were pretty good.....it's not authentic, but we didn't come here for authentic Mexican Food.  The Chips were warm and fresh and the Salsa had a nice kick to it....I'd rate it Medium.

Our food was ready after a short wait.  My Deep Dish Mini-Pizza was just the right size.....the Crust was moist and buttery and it really tasted like a Bacon Cheeseburger!  Mom was surprised because her plate looked like a mountain of BBQ Bacon Chicken Sliders! (see pics)  There were 4 Sliders on her plate and a mound of Fries.....she told me I would have to help her finish it.....thank God I only ordered a Mini-Pizza!

I tried the Sliders, which were excellent.  I'm surprised more restaurants don't offer something like this.  The Hickory Smoked Bacon and BBQ Chicken flavors accented one another and the BBQ Sauce had a good tangy flavor to it.....not overly sweet, which I don't enjoy.  The Shoestring Fries were pretty good too....but I didn't have enough room to eat very many of them.

The Oktoberfest Beer hit the spot too....I was hoping for a little more hoppy flavor, but it was fine.

Overall, it was a great lunch experience.

Will I return?  You bet!
I've only been to a BJ's once - in San Diego - but had never tried the one in Las Vegas until last night.  

It was Thursday night, and this place was jammed - pretty good, considering the economy, so I figured I was in for some super food.  I wasn't blown away by the meal, and the service was sub-par.

I had a turkey burger.  I didn't want fries, so I was able to substitute steamed broccoli.  The burger was okay - not bad, but as bland as could be.  It came with Swiss and slices of avocado, lettuce and tomato.   Nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about, either.  The broccoli, though, was inedible.  It was partially cooked, but not that crisp, delicious stuff that Chinese restaurants do so well.  This was RUBBER.  I had the waitress bring me mashed potatoes instead.  They were good, but too salty (What else is new?).  My friend had the turkey burger, too, and felt the same way about hers - Average.

Our husbands both had Parmesan-crusted chicken, and they were satisfied.  Again, nothing to rave about.

I just don't get it.  There are so many places in town that have above-average food.  They offer hefty discounts.  And they're empty.  In my humble opinion, BJs, which rarely has coupons, has a menu that's not much different from any other similar chain restaurant, and has food and service that doesn't distinguish itself in any way, has a steady stream of customers.  And judging by the Thursday night crowd, probably has lines out the door on the weekends.  I think it's kind of sad.
This is rapidly becoming one of my favorite places to have lunch on Sundays.  They have Happy Hour all day long during the NFL Football games.

This visit we ordered the Pulled Pork Sliders ($5.75 happy hour price) and BJ's Favorite Mini Pizza ($5.00 happy hour price).  To wash it down, I had an IPA.

The food came out quickly.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Sliders and dove right into it.  They were awesome!  The combination of Pulled Pork, Onion Ring Strings, and tangy BBQ Sauce went well together.  The Onion Ring strings had a nice sweet taste and the BBQ Sauce was tangy and balanced the palate.....the Pulled Pork was very juicy and full of flavor.  Sooo good.  I ordered Wedge Cut Fries with the Sliders and they were cooked just right....not under/over cooked.

My Mom couldn't finish her Pizza, so she gave me the last couple of bites.....it was very good as well.  The thick crust was soft & buttery with the edges slightly crispy....hmmmm!

Overall, another awesome experience @ BJ's!

Will I return?  Hell ya!
I never have a bad experience at Bj's.  I love everything about it from the layout all the way down to the Pizookie!  The microbrews are great.  I really like how they suggest certain foods with the different beers they offer.

The pizza's are great.  I have never been to Chicago, but it's nice to be able to get a deep dish only a few miles from where I live.  The pizza's may not look gigantic but don't let that fool you they are feeling.  The staff are awesome the place is always clean and there is always A nice buzz in the place.  There hasn't been a single time that when someone suggests Bj's I say no.  The place is great.
I really love my NY style pizza...thin, crispy crust...not too much toppings to weigh it down.  But man, BJ's Chicago style pizza gives it a run for its money!  I enjoy the pizza here and apparently a lot of other folks do too.  This place is always packed for dinner!  Very happening.  

Went here with the fam, and we had a blast.  It was great hearing the game on the TV, people congregating and laughing, plates and glasses clinking.  The atmosphere is pretty inviting, lots of dark woods and high ceilings almost reminding you of a gastropub.  BJ's has a very large menu that includes appetizers, salads, sandwiches, Angus burgers, sliders, giant stuffed potatoes, pasta, and even a gluten-free menu (no gluten, in a pizza joint?  Come on!  It's pizza!)...but the Chicago pizza is the star.

I pretty much perused the main menu and went straight for the heart, BJ's wonderful deep dish pizzas.  They usually have at least 8-9 different pies on the menu and of course you can make your own with any of their ingredients.  Every pizza comes with their special blend of FIVE cheeses.  Their pizza creations include - BJ's Favorite Pizza (The Works w/ meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, peppers, olives, onions, and tomatoes), Mediterranean (Grilled chicken, basil pesto, roasted garlic, Kalamata olives, sun-dried tomatoes, and feta), Sweet Pig (Pineapple, tomatoes, and roasted ham), BBQ Chicken (BBQ chicken, red onions, tomatoes, hickory BBQ sauce, and cilantro), and the Southwestern (Blackened chicken, green chiles, chipotle sauce, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and cilantro) just to name a few.  They even have calzones, and yes...a gluten-free thin crust pizza!  I feel so sorry for you people that can't handle gluten.  No deep dish for you!

We ended up with a large BJ's Favorite pizza for all of us to share.  Just to let you know they aren't cheap, probably around $10-24 each depending on the size and type of pie you get (Mini, Small, Medium, or Large).  Mind you, these pizzas don't look large when they get to the table but they are DEEP.  It's like a good almost two inches thick!  I thought our family of four could finish the entire pie in one sitting but I was wrong!  Our pie had six large slices and we could only eat a slice each!  You definitely have to eat this pizza with a knife and fork...no folding slices in half folks!  The crust is buttery, not too heavy, and completely cooked through without being soggy.  The ingredients were fresh, and the veggies still had a light bite to them.  The sauce was tangy and sweet.  Overall a very delicious slice of pie!  Yes, like pie!  Very good pizza.

We rounded out our dinner with a few appetizers, the Crispy Calamari ($8.95) with spicy marinara and lemon garlic aioli, and the Garden Medley Salad ($8.95) with romaine lettuce, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, tomatoes, red onion, feta, and balsamic vinaigrette.  Both very tasty.

Although we were stuffed (ha ha...like pie?) our server told us we had to try BJ's Famous Pizookie ($5.95).  After rants from the kids on how we never have dessert it ended up being ordered.  Funny how they win and you don't even realize it.  This thing ended up being delicious!  Like sweet crack!  Not that I've tried crack before.  The Pizookie is a hot out of the oven, fresh baked cookie topped with vanilla ice cream and served in it's own mini deep dish tin.  We got a chocolate chunk cookie, but you can also choose, white chocolate macadamia nut, peanut butter, or oatmeal raisin walnut.  So good!  They bake the cookie dough until it's just a smidge underdone so your cookie is still gooey on the inside.  Goes great with the vanilla ice cream on top!  Good way to go to end a calorie busting meal!  

I wanted to try one of their hand crafted micro brews but I couldn't fit it in on this trip.  I hear they also have a great happy hour M-F from 3 PM-7 PM and also on Sun-Th from 10 PM-close.  They have $1 their draft beers and cocktails, $2 off most of their appetizers, and 1/2 off all their Mini Pizzas.  I will have to go check this out on maybe a game day!  

I definitely want to go back here again soon, good food, good service, good times.  Go here, and enjoy yourself before the crazy holidays!  BJ's has made me a fan of Chicago deep dish pizza.  NY pizza I love you so...Chicago deep dish, you can be my secret mistress!  SHHHHHH!!!
I've been to BJ's probably over 10 times, and I've always been consistently impressed by their food. I've had so many pizzas, pastas, tacos, and desserts from their that I've lost count, but I will showcase some of their highlights. 

I usually don't get appetizers from BJ's because their food is in really large portions, so I'm full by those alone, but I've gotten their chicken tenders before, and they're really good. They're nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside like you'd expect. They also give you this tangy honey mustard dipping sauce with them which is a great complement. They also come with a mountain of french fries. The fries don't taste too good with the honey mustard, so I usually just ask for ranch dressing for them... because I think ranch is the perfect dipping sauce for fries, not gross ketchup.

Their pizza is great. If there is a long wait, and you have to sit in the waiting area, the servers will come out with deep dish pizzas put up into individual bite sized pizzas for the crowd to sample while waiting. I think this is epicly nice of them because I would be perfectly willing to wait, but it's always nice to snack on a little slice of pizza too. hehe. 

I usually just stick with pepperoni pizza. It's a classic and is loaded with lots of meaty pepperoni, stringy cheese, and hearty tomato sauce. Normally, I hate tomato sauce on pizza, seriously, the less sauce the better, but with BJ's pizza, their sauce is so flavorful that the abundance of it is fine with me! Their barbecue chicken pizza is really solid as well. I've had it a couple of times. I like CPK's BBQ chicken pizza better, but this is a nice deep dish take on it. Next time I go, I need to try the buffalo chicken pizza to see how that compares to various ones that I've had. Maybe I can persuade my boyfriend to go there this weekend. hmm...

The sandwiches are really yummy. Their pulled pork is really tender and not dry at all. The Cobb sandwich is tasty too with the addition of bacon, cause everything tastes better with a littler... err... a lot of bacon on it. The BJ's burger is great, but you should definitely add bacon to this one for the reason that I mentioned above. Their parmesan crusted chicken is delicious. It's very cheesy, and their mashed potatoes are very creamy. Their fish tacos are great too. They go great with a side of strawberry lemonade to drink.

So... as if this review wasn't long enough... DESSERT! First off, get a pizookie. I've seen some of my friends' pictures on facebook where they've gone to BJ's and they've ordered something like the apple crisp for dessert. I've shaken my head at those pictures many times. Seriously, you don't know what you're missing unless you get the pizookie! It's the best part of the meal. I always get Triple Chocolate Pizookie with Ghirardelli chocolate. My boyfriend and I split it, and it's pure decadence even after you claim that you're so full that you can't eat dessert. 

So yeah... this was a really long review, but I've been here so many times, and I really wanted to share how much I love BJ's. I will definitely be back soon.
Let me admit to a bias, Sports bars are not on my list of favorite fifty styles of dining. So I came in predisposed to NOT liking this place very much. 

And I have to say, this place isn't all that bad. As far as Sports bars go. If you can get past the fried everything and kooky layout, it's OK. It won't impress a foodie or your Mother-in-law, but it is fine for very casual intake of brews and squinting at the way-over head TV screens. 

It does have the horrid atmosphere that diminishes the food experience: Too loud, too crowded, too many children ( yechh ), distracting TVs, and bad interior floor layout. And the parking lot is shark frenzy hell. Yet it does contradict the average sports bar by having non-intrusive ( props to Louie ) and congenial servers ( except for the plastic faced and wooden personality of the gal who walked us to our table ), The crowd petering out as the evening winding down helped, and the sound level got much better down on the floor. 

Food-wise, theres almost no avoiding the FRIED experience. Taste wise, go with the Avocado rolls. Spicy, creamy, and crispy. They also split plates in the kitchen for food allergic people. A nice touch. Some of the other rolls and wraps were too tightly wound and more roll than innards. 

Also note that they like THEIR brews and occasionally run out of, horrors, Guinness ( Food of the Gods ), and push their stouts, which I found too bitter. So I went with Boddingtons instead. They have sample paddles that are an enormous value and help pick out the flavor profiles you might like. 

FOODIE NOTE: English beers are not good coming from cans, they need to come from a tap. Why? The metallic taste comes through. But from tap, they have a smooth, creamy texture and a nice frothy head. 

The serving size on entrees is rather large. The fish and chips was well done, but the chips a bit less crispy than I like. The Spinach Calzone was decent in size, and taste was noted as quite good. 

We went at 7ish on Friday and the place was cramped and under dressed and teeming with parties and kids, by ten it was more moderately filled and the din lessened. And don't try to watch sports, Soccer in one corner, basketball on most, football on a few. More distracting than observable. 

Oh. The bar. Average brands, and no sidling up to it, or you bump butts with people waiting for seats. But why overpay for well drinks in the first place. 

Upscale TGI Fridays. OK for once, not for foodie twice.
Much better than expected.  We got the brush-off from the first server, I guess she didn't want to deal with a handicapped, old, quirky family member that was dining with us.

Our second server was perky and funny.  They ran out of both the homemade root beer and homemade cream soda and it was a running joke for the rest of the meal.  BTW, the homemade orange cream soda was great.

I had a salad that was huge and flavorful, and the other two diners had fish and chips, which again were an enormous portion.  We split a mini deep dish pizza which we said on numerous occasions that it was supposed to be served as an appetizers.  We even ordered it 15 minutes before our entrees.  Low and behold, it came out at the same time as the entrees.

As for the drinks, the Frosty Peach was amazing.  I would go again just to get hammered on the drinks.
It's odd coming from CA, service at restaurants in Vegas is WAY SUPERIOR.  It's not suzy moron college student serving you, it's people that have spouses and families trying to make a decent living.

So yeah excellent service. Layout and seating great at this location. Lettuce wraps were off the hook!  And they now have a child sized pizzooki HELL YEAH!
This is a reliable spot near my house, but it certainly isn't anything special. The prices are a great value, but the wait on the weekends is beyond ridiculous and the parking situation is a deterrent. My favorite thing is the Gourmet Mac and Cheese on the small appetizer menu. Food tastes a little processed and unhealthy, but it is basically all bar food.
Much better that I expected from a "brewhouse".

Although kind of a loud place, the great food at a great price (and of course great beers) while being family-friendly makes it a hit. A great price for Summerlin as well, I expected to pay much more. The casual contemporary decor is also done well, if you like that kind of style.
Stopped in before work to grab something and they had a veggie burger... It was so good... If you aren't that big on eating meat or just want a good veggie burger... Go to BJ's... The potatoes are really good too...
The pizza is always good, but when you use fresh jalapenos on something use them sparingly!  Went there for lunch yesterday and while they seemed staffed service was slow. At one point it took 10 min to get a refill on water!
Never disappoints. Excellent Chicago style pizza. Crispy on the edges...chewy and gummy in the middle. Yum. 
We also had Italian market salad. It was a little overdressed and a bit salty but hearty and flavorful. 
I personally love the berry burst cider on draught. Crisp and refreshing. 
I don't know when this happened  but they now offer a pizookie trio. This was perfect when the three of us couldn't decide on flavor!  We got three individual smaller versions for $9! Yippee! 
4 beers, a salad, a pizza and the pizookie trio cost us $78 with tip. 
Always busy in there so expect a wait. The trick is to seat yourself in the bar.
To start out, the only BJ's that I have been to before this is across the street from MGM Grand. So to come to this compared to that, this place is impressive. 

I came for a baby shower for a friend and we had a section in the back side area, where there were other bigger parties. They had set-up a buffet table so when the food was ready we just went up and grabbed what we liked. I'm usually not a fan of potato skins but it was really good because they were crispy. The other food items, such as wings, pizza, and salad were nothing special. 

The best part of the restaurant is the service. The servers were so nice and I felt like it was my very own neighborhood restaurant. I would def come back to try their regular menu.
Quickly climbing the charts as my favorite place to eat in town is BJ's! Their menu is incredible, their beer and wine list is excellent, and their service is great! Hubby got a huge burger that he quickly devoured. I ordered the Alfredo pizza (made from scratch) and it was the best pizza I've ever had! The kids got the mac and cheese and devoured it of course! To top off the dinner we had the chocolate chip pizzone, which was to die for! Be sure to call ahead and put your name on the list as this place is always packed, and for good reason! Run, don't walk, to this place.
We were heading back to Vegas after a day trip to Red Rock Canyon and decided that rather than dealing with the insanity of eating somewhere on the strip, we'd eat somewhere just outside of it.  I pulled up my handy-dandy Yelp app on my phone and found BJ's.  After a few wise cracks about how with a name like BJ's, it has to be good, and then proceeded to navigate our immature selves there.

We were seated right away and our waiter was friendly.  We ordered a couple of beers and the potstickers for an app, and decided to keep it simple with a cheese and tomato deep dish pizza.  Both the beer and food we had were quite tasty.  Back home, the only option we have for Chicago deep dish style pizza is Uno's, and this definitely beat that by a landslide.  It made us want to go to Chicago someday so we can try the real deal for a basis of comparison!

Overall, it was a nice, inexpensive, quick, and tasty alternative to dining on The Strip!
Food here was totally worth the wait. I must admit the line was quite long. They do not take phone reservations. So i suggest you plan for an off night if your doing a bigger party of 5+. The service here once seated is definitely fast and so is the food. The prices were super reasonable for the amount and the quality of food served. Absolutely one of my new fav. places to eat here in Las Vegas. Dress at your own comfort but i suggest casual as it is not someplace you wana come to in your pajamas. Parking is also very abundant. There alcohol selection is definitely great as well especially if you are a beer fan.
Great service, great food and great atmosphere!

They have a wide variety of stuff on the menu ranging from bar fare to tapas style smaller plates to specialty drinks and some great desserts.

We started with the fried artichokes - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. The aoili dipping sauce was perfect.

I dined on the open faced pot roast sandwich which was super tender. It actually tasted home cooked. It was served over garlic toast and mashed potatoes and covered in a brown jus gravy. Mmmmmm. Seriously yummy.

For dessert we had the beignet. Um, yes. YES. It was covered in real strawberries and whipped cream and ice cream and was friggin' delicious.

This place was a nice surprise.
I try to avoid places like this because they usually serve greasy, crappy, frozen dookie on a plate. I was pleasantly surprised by their menu and beer selections. They have good food at great prices.

If you want bar food done right with a good beer, stop here.
I actually wish Yelp offered a half-star rating, because this place should really get 3 and a half in my book. I came here last night for dinner and left pretty pleased actually. I had a couple of hefeweizens which were quite good but I really prefer mine with a lemon. I had the grilled turkey cobb which was very good and finished it off with a white chocolate macadamia nut pazookie. The pazookie was good, though not as thick as I anticipated. I really enjoyed the vanilla bean ice cream topper though - very nice touch.
Service was good and fast. They also have a take out entrance. I'll eat here again, though it was a little pricey for me. I do think the beer was a little overpriced, but it wasn't happy hour either.
Great beer, menu has something for everyone, and prices are reasonable.  What not to like.  Had the grilled pork chops -- but prepared like the new low calorie dish.  These were excellent. Great spicy sauce. Red potatoes were good too.  Abbey Normal season beer was great.
Bar food style place ... Good service. Note to self: return for the Avocado Rolls, skip the other 3 items in the 4 item appetizer sampler. Pizza is OK, but Chicago deep dish is not my favorite style. Menu is so extensive, I'll have to go back a few times to figure out what I like.
I love to go to BJ's with my friends, great fun!
BJ's is, and has been for over seven years, my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas; and I have been to A LOT of restaurants all over town. To me, a great restaurant is one that has an enjoyable environment, great food, good service, and fair prices. BJ's definitely has all of these qualities. 

To begin, the environment is very welcoming and well-kept. The restaurant has a big city, Chicago style, feel to it and offers both bar/lounge area seating with a full bar and several flat screen TV's all around the restaurant. The dining room offers booth seating for two, four, or up to eight and tables for a small party of a couple friends or a huge party of a high school archery team, (I tried going with something other than football team, you get the point...). The lights are slightly dim to keep the mood somewhat mellow, but the TV's and music keep the restaurant upbeat--it's a good balance for a good environment. 

The food at BJ's is awesome! They offer a great selection of appetizers which are perfect to share, as well as smaller sized appetizers, "Tiny Bites," which make perfect individual appetizers or sides. My personal favorites are the Chicken Pesto flatbread pizza, (appetizer to share), and the gourmet mac & cheese, (individual "tiny bite"). As far as the main entrees, BJ's offers a wide variety of foods ranging from classic burgers to Italian inspired pastas to Teriyaki Chicken to Grilled Salmon and even some Jambalaya. BJ's also has some delectable gourmet salads and wholesome soups. My favorite entrée has to be the Parmesan Crusted Chicken with steamed broccoli and mashed potatoes. 
There is a large selection of drinks offered at BJ's, from the full bar to specialty drinks, both alcoholic and non, as well as their signature hand-crafted root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda, and black cherry soda.   
Now for the good part--the desserts. BJ's is known for their pizookies. Pizookies are cookies, baked in a pizza pan, served hot out of the oven with two scoops of ice cream on top. They have the classic Chocolate Chip pizookie with vanilla bean ice cream on top as well as quite a few other flavors such as Triple Chocolate, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, and, newly added, Red Velvet. There's also an Oatmeal Raisin pizookie for those of you who like to feel like you're eating healthy even while having dessert. BJ's also offers beignets and an ice cream sundae as well as a couple other dessert items. 

Almost every time I have been to BJ's, the staff has been very friendly. Only a couple times have I ever had an issue with a server or host. If my order is ever made incorrectly, which rarely happens, the server will gladly take it back and bring me the correct order as well as give me some sort of compensation, such as a discount or free dessert. 
The prices are really good for a restaurant such as this one. They have lunch specials during the week which are only about 6-8 dollars. As far as the prices on the regular menu, most of the items range anywhere from 10 to 18 dollars with a few exceptions being slightly 
higher or lower. 

In all, BJ's is a great place to have a quick lunch, to go on a date, or to take the family out for dinner. It is very unlikely that you will be disappointed with this restaurant, (unless, of course, you are a complete restaurant snob who will complain about the most insignificant things), and I do hope that you give BJ's a visit in the near future.
First time to BJ's, glad they are opening a store up north on Centennial!!
This place was awosome...Monday nite visit, place was jammed, but only had a 15 min wait. Very nice decor, very expansive therefore very loud. Server was great...beer selection is huge, took sometime to select a few brews. Ordered a two appitizers, potstickers/avacado spring roles both were really good. Ordered a Southwestern pizza, more than enough for two people, actually took 4 pieces home.Finished off w/ a pazookie..1st time it was wonderful. Somehow would like it if the could create a creme brule pazzokie!!...For being a chain  they are years ahead of TGIF,Applebees,etc.......Great for brews and food
Love the fried artichokes and Parmesan crusted chicken! It's all I order!
I just can't find anything wrong with BJ's. I am a repeat customer of this place and have been coming here for who knows how long. I recently had dinner here with my guy..actually dinners..with an 's' since we came here twice in the same week( ohhhhh yaaaahh..it's that good) Here's the rundown of what we had:
Appetizers-seared ahi, spinach stuffed mushroom caps, and the guy got the mini tacos(both beef and chicken)
Entree- I got the jambalaya(w/ shrimp, chicken, and andouille sausage) for both nights I came here and the guy got roast beef sandwich and BJ's supreme pizza the following night
Dessert- Beignet!!(w/strawberries, topped w/ ice cream and whip cream)

Let me tell ya: those appetizers are theee bommbb! Most especially the mushrooms (salivates). I didn't try the tacos but the guy  said "it was daaam goood." Oh and it only cost around 12 bucks for the three! Hell yahh! Moving on to the entree: If you don't like real spicy cajun rice topped with big fat shrimps, chicken, and a butt load of andouille sausage...then you might not want the jambalaya. But if you like it hot, then opt in for this dish. ( fyi i didn't try the chicken and the sausage just the shrimp but the bf says its as good when only eaten w/ shrimp). The roast beef sandwich on the other hand, was "not that great." I'm quoting from the man! He stated that it was a weee bland. But the mini BJ's supreme was "soft and cheesy."  Then came the dessert! Pizookie is out! That beignet is in! It's soft, not too sweet, and so effin yummy! No complaints there! Service is good, nothing to complain about. Everything came out promptly and it cost us close to 70 bucks including tip. Yay!
Been here countless times for birthdays and lunch. All their portion sizes are big enough to share since I never ever finish my entree. It's a great place to bring a group if you're treating cuz you'll be saving money. Large entrees that are shareable are probably the deep dish pizzas (yum) and their pastas. I also think their lunch special runs from 11am - 3pm. It is also really nice to just come here and sit at the bar with a beer and watch some games on their tvs. 

Service: I'm really surprised at all the negative comments about service. I went during lunch this past Friday and my server was more than beyond courteous and very attentive. He came back to check on us 2-3 times and also made sure to let us know that the food was on its way. I guess you just have to get lucky?
Hmmm the service was really bad the night I came ... We got our appetizers before we even got our waters ..!! The food tho was decent ... If you come sit at the bar ... Otherwise you'll be totally ignored by your server!
I'm going to give them a four star rating because of their pazookie dessert.  If you haven't tried or heard about a pazookie you must check it out.  It's one of the most delicious desserts in town.  It's a homemade cookie I. A deep dish pizza pan cooked 3/4 of the way through top end with a n amazing vanilla ice-cream.  The bar is hopping with dozens of beer options on tap and in bottles.  Menu is huge and all over the place, I'm not a big fan of the entrees.  Apps are good and dessert is fantastic!
they make their own cream soda. now how can you not like a place that makes their own soda. every time i go here its a blast. the only food i have had is the pizzas and so far there is not one i dislike. i really like hanging out relaxing and watching the sports on the tvs with good friends here.
The BF and I shared:

Butterfly Shrimp basket. Came with about 12 big shrimp, coleslaw and fries. These were good, panko breaded and not greasy. 

Small great white deep dish- More doughy almost like having pillowy bread with toppings than how Chicago style is. Good though. 

Pizookie Trio- we got red velvet, chocolate macadamia, peanut butter. One plus is they don't skimp on the vanilla ice cream. I've never had these before as I don't really ever have space for dessert. 

The service was great. Our server seemed to know how to pace themselves well in checking up on people and walking by to see if you need more drinks. The BF didn't know they make homemade sodas, but it was no issue for the server to switch to homemade rootbeer from ice tea. They brought us the check after putting our dessert order in so by the time we got dessert, we were all checked out. More servers need to do this! It's awesome not needing to wait for the check. 
 
It's a decent chain specially if you like beers and homemade sodas.
Yes, it's a chain-but it's a great chain!  The food never fails to disappoint, and there's something for everyone on the menu.  It's a very family friendly atmosphere, yet you wouldn't hesitate to take a date here.  It's always busy, but service is on point :)  The avocado eggrolls and pizookies are a must-do.  One tip-do check your take-out before you go home.  Once, they left out the very important sauce for the avocado eggrolls.  Ugh! Try the red velvet Pizookie!
Place was nice and busy, especially for lunch hour

usually i come for the pazoooooookie, but this time it was business, so sadly no pazookie

waitress was nice and friendly and answered the questions of the people in my group.

we originally planned to sit at the bar, but who knew that a sleeping 6 month old cant sit nearby. Hmm, bummer. well they were nice to quickly change it to a booth. Sweet!

They have great lunch specials, only thing was after i ate my fish tacos i was still hungry. maybe im just a fatty.. okay i wont ding them for that.

food was good, hot, fast and reasonable.

3.5 stars from me.
I just love this local brewery tucked away in one of my favorite areas of Summerlin. The food is always consistent and yummy, the service is impeccable(you are truly treated like a guest) and we never leave disappointed.  

Amazing Bonuses:
Their deep dish buffalo chicken pizza
Small Bite Menu (affordable and perfect portions-our favorite is the artichokes)
The salads (I love the Cesar and market)
Lunch Specials
Half off wine night on Tuesdays!

I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants delicious food in a relaxed environment.  Keep up the consistency, BJ's!
A better Chili's. This is the type of restaurant that keeps people from fitting into their clothes. 

I generally don't go to places like BJ's because everything is so full of fat, lard, fried you-name-it and portions are always large. I realize I am not their target demo here, but still was happy to come here for lunch to splurge a bit.

The server gets a Star for the various things I threw at him: Changing which Fries I wanted after already placing the order; Side of jalapenos; and the biggie---- having my California Burger delivered deconstructed so that I could pick and choose what I wanted.  He went one step further and put the cheese on the bread, and had the bread completely separate from my burger. This was a great way to enjoy the burger. The burger itself seemed a smallish 1/2 LB and very thin. Consequently, not terribly juicy --- but not bad.

The in-house Root Beer was good and refills came without request.

The desserts looked good and others seemed to like them. I did taste the Grilled Salmon which seemed pretty healthy and tasted fine but nothing too exciting. Steak Fries are well-seasoned and a nice change of pace. I glanced at their 'Chicago-style Deep Dish Pizza'. Optimistic thinking, I'd say.

 Very friendly staff.
Since joining Lifetime Athletics, my cravings for carbs have intensified immensely. Growing up in a Vietnamese house hold, you'd think the first thing I go for is white rice or noodles. But you're wrong! My craving is for the Chicken Parm with Spicy Marinara served with garlic toast. It's really the spicy punch of of the sauce and the crispy flattened chicken that scratches my itchin'.  If you can make it out of the restaurant without ordering the Pizookie, you can call it a healthy success with dining out.
after hearing alot about this place & reading tons of reviews. we finally checked this place out. me, my hubby & our 3 month old went here for my birthday. they are kid/baby friendly(one of my worries because i thought since it had a bar that it wouldnt be smoke-free but it was) they provided a sling for our son's carseat which was very convinient not having to bring the stroller inside. i love the ambiance and feel of the place. we were given a table as soon as we got there. our server was soo awesome he was very warm and he really knows what he is talkin about especially when about the menu.(so we gave him a fat tip) they have a wide variety of food on the menu. so we got chips and salsa 5.95 more than enough. i also got the SEARED AHI very small portion 3.95. my hubby got the grilled  PORKCHOPS which was really good 14.95 and i got the JAMBALAYA! omg to die for!! for 15.95 worth it. soooo addicting! good sized portions which gave us leftovers. aaand since it was my birthday a complimentary PIZOOKIE :] soo bomb! they also have a wide variety of beer.. if you guys love beer. we do lol 

so overall yes we would def keep comin back here.. all i can think about is the jambalaya as im writing this lol
Service is good, beers are good but $5 for a small draft beer is a total rip off!  The thin crust pizzas are very good, ribs were just OK, Dave's BBQ ribs are far better.  Good 80s music selection.  Very cool and hip atmosphere.

Wayne Gorsek
Best Brewery in Town.  Great Beer, Great Food, Great Service!  We had the Pizza Deal thay have and The Portabello Mushroom Pizza was to die for.......so juicy and yummy!   My boyfriend had the Cheeseburger Pizza, which he loved - I'm not a huge fan,  I pefer a cheeseburger if I'm in thw mood.  However, there is something for everybody there, and a wide variety of beers!  Thank you BJ's for a special night out with my man
We eat here so often, it's only fair that I write a review.  When we can't decide where to have dinner, we go to BJ's.  They seem to have something to please almost everyone.  I usually get the Broccoli Alfredo potato with extra sauce... yum!   Good service, good value.  Great place to bump into your Summerlin neighbors. I appreciate that you can call ahead & be placed on the seating list - sometimes the wait can be upwards of 45 minutes, so calling ahead really saves time, especially when I'm with the 10-year old (or if my guy is hungry... and cranky!)
Yum! The food is great especially the avocado egg rolls!!!Of course the pizookies are awesome. Dont count on great customer service. The hostess are almost never nice but I guess it's so busy that they just don't care. Asked about there happy hour and the sever told me that she didn't know. She didnt even try to find out... Awesome.... They have two different type of fries and they almost always bring my bf the wrong one and he usually doesn't say anything but the last time it happened I politely said they were the wrong ones and the food runner jut picked up the plate without saying anything and walked away. Very awkward. So I usually just try to order to go now since it's usually not a pleasant experience. Maybe it's too busy and the staff is just overworked? Not sure and don't really car.
Man I forgot how good the pizza was. It was thick crunch yet soft. My wife and I will definitely go back. And the service was good. I think our server was over sat with customers but he did his best to make it pleasant.
Consistently good; great BIG menu & draft beers; what can be bad?

This location is in Summerlin, across from the Red Rock Hotel.  When you don't want to mess with the downtown/strip area...this is a good choice for an alternate place to grab some grub with the locals.  

As with all the BJ's, the pizza, brews, salads, and tons of other items, desserts (can you say pizzookie?)...it's all good stuff. Plus, lunch & happy hour, and late hour specials.  My favorite thing on the menu (for years now, and I never tire): the BBQ Chicken Chop...which I feel is the best I've ever had (sorry CPK).  Salads don't travel well, but everything else is served in HUGE capacity and get read for a 'take home' box.

The service is very good at this location.  The only downsides is that it gets awfully busy, and parking is difficult to get in the front of the restaurants (shared with other restaurants), so you often have to park on the backside and walk a bit around a large building.
I never thought I'd see myself reviewing conglomerate type restaurant like BJ's.  However my most recent experience inspired me to take a few minutes to spread the gospel on some great things that most people are probably missing out on.

First off their fish & chips have the most uniquely delicious batters I have ever encountered.  I don't know how they do it, but the batter is flavorful, crispy and surprisingly flaky.  It absorbs the malt vinegar or lemon juice while still maintaining its crunchiness.  Every other beer batter I've tried, the vinegar or lemon juice just glides right off and makes the batter soggy.  They've learned how to break the laws of physics with this magical beer batter.

Second notable item offered at BJ's is their Irish Root Beer, which is their micro-brew root beer mixed with Jameson, Butterscotch Schnapps, and Bailey's.  The drink comes out frothy, messy, and overflowing like a great root beer float.  If you've never tried it before, you don't know what to expect when you taste it.  The best way to describe this flavor of this drink is with words from that guy in that Daffy Duck cartoon.  BJ's Irish Root Beer is... "Amazing! Marvelous! Stupendous! Colossal! Tremendous! Gigantic! Astounding! Unbelievable! Spectacular! Phenomenal! And it's good, too."
BJ:
Fantastic happy hours.
Fast service.
Great food.

Service:Outstanding.

I really have nothing negative to say about BJ!!!

Cheers
Crowded night, lots of kiddies (with lots of screeching).. not the best ambiance, to say the least.

However, my pork chops were absolutely fantastic.. I was amazed at how perfectly prepared they were.  The rest of the plate, meh.. but the pork chop I ate was incredible.  

The one that hubby ate was also incredible, but not the reason why... his ribs were terrible.  The potato was enormous, ridiculously so.. and his "smoked" ribs weren't smoked, they were boiled then some sauce was slapped on and they were finished on a grill.  It was obvious, and their menu was a lie.

Will I return?  Possibly... but not for the ribs.  They get a bonus point for removing it from the tab, but they lost a point for him having to resort to eating half of my meal because no server came around to find out how the food was, thus giving him a chance to order something else.
So we go here with my parents a lot. The pizza is pretty good and the atmosphere is generally pretty good. TVs everywhere so you can watch a game and still focus on the people in your group. Their beer is pretty good and very reasonably priced and there is almost always some sort of special going on. My only complaint is that the Vegas locations don't have nutritional guides on hand. They are readily available in California so why not Nevada?
As a family we love BJ's.  Every time we have family members or friends visit us from another state, we bring them here.  Service is amazing, staff is knowledgeable and fun, and the food is always hot and fresh and delicious.

But here's why I recommend them and what prompted this review:
BJ's is always busy. (Use their call-ahead program where you can add your name to the wait list before you arrive.) One Friday night, we were waiting in the small reception area for a table, a wait we expected and didn't mind knowing that the food and service would be well worth it. Unfortunately, our wait began going over the initial wait time quoted to us by the hostess.  In fact, it was beginning to be significantly over and the very, very, very, very tiny waiting area was now becoming quite packed with other families and people waiting for their tables as well.

Looking over the dining room it appeared that it wasn't the servers' or restaurant's fault.  Many tables had paid checks on the table and were cleared, except for some napkins and lingering drinks.  The guests were just camping out at tables, ignoring the growing group of families with whining, hungry kids.

But the managers didn't ignore us.  In fact, two different food runners were sent out to the group of waiting people (both inside and outside the restaurant) with trays of pizza cut up in small portions for the kids to munch on while we waited. Napkins were provided and no mention of payment was ever made. 

This act was by far the kindest, most thoughtful gesture I have ever witnessed by a restaurant. As a parent, I was deeply appreciative of this simple, yet thoughtful gesture on the part of  the restaurant. As a 12-year veteran of the industry who has worked as a corporate trainer for two major national chains and is married to a chef, I was greatly impressed by the amazing attention to this matter and quick resolution. 

We had been entertaining the idea of leaving and going somewhere we didn't like as much, just to get some food in our crabby, hungry toddler's tummy. But this act on the part of BJ's staff kept us there and our money in their hands. Great job!

We were huge fans of BJ's before this event, but whenever asked about a good family restaurant, I quickly recount this story and lay on the great reviews.

Thanks, BJ's. We're fans for life!
I have gone here twice and each time excellent service and food. If you can put your diet on hold go and enjoy BJ's.
This is up there in one of my top 5 restaurants. I get excited every time we go here, like a little kid would get excited for Disneyland, lol. Their menu selection is never ending. A part of me wishes their menu was smaller, because I never know what to get! I feel like I am always missing out on something! But, no matter what I have ordered I have never been let down. Their Avocado egg rolls are so good I can barely stand it! I am not a beer drinker, but I order beer here cause it's so delicious. Their seasonal pumpkin beer is amazing. My boyfriend raves about the pazookie dessert, but we are always too full by the time we are done I just can't do it. I told him one of these days we will just come in for beers and dessert and skip the meal, ha! 

Give the place a go if you haven't yet. I doubt you would be disappointed, unless you are looking to woo your date with some romantic meal, then go somewhere else. No, it doesn't have ambiance as I saw one person complain about... but this is not that kind of restaurant. It's a busy loud restaurant with sports on the TV's, what do you expect? Go to a classy joint for a romantic night, this is a low to moderately priced brewery people! And a wonderful place to grab a bite of great food and a good beer!
What a joke. I can't believe I was actually prepared to pay $12.00 for an individual pizza and a small side salad.

Ordered curbside. Lady said it would be 20 minutes.  I arrived to find no parking whatsoever. I called and told them I had arrived but there was no parking in the designated "curbside" spots.  Lady who answered had no solutions. So just then I noticed a spot, told her I had found one, and asked her to please bring me my order. Well, no one ever came out. I saw a waitress serving other cars, but she didn't bother coming up to mine. After waiting over 10 minutes, I simply left. Went around the corner and grabbed a couple of slices from Roco's for $5.00! They were delicious.

Guess what? They never even called me to let me know my order was ready!  

You people have some nerve charging way too much money for average food and deplorable service. 

Stay away from this poor excuse for a dining facility...
A great place and surprisingly good lunch specials were on-hand at BJ's.  We recovered from a long hike at Red Rock with some tomato bisque and toasted sandwiches, and both the price and selections were great.   We had pretty good service, too.

I still don't quite know what a pizzookie is.  Perhaps it's best left one of life's secrets.
BJ's is a standard fall back restaurant when we cannot decide as a family on some other place.  We all love BJ's but I just cannot give this type of restaurant 5 stars.  It would be hard pressed for me to give any bar restaurant a 5 star rating so 4 is really good.  My kids love the deep dish pizza and I love several items on their menu.  The balsamic chicken is awesome, but make sure you order it with extra fried onions.  The French dip is also very good.  

It's a must to order their pizookie .  This is a fresh baked cookie (warm) in a circular metal tin with a scoop of ice cream on top.  Several cookies to choose from.  They are all amazing.    

Great place to go to and watch a sporting event as they have TV's throughout the restaurant.  

Enjoy!
Food is fine. Atmosphere is casual. Beer selection was limited. I consider it a decent place for bite but, nothing memorable. They do have a wide selection of entrees if you have a large hard to please group.
My husband had never been to a BJ's before, so we came here for lunch on a monday at 11am. Everytime I come to this BJs i recieve excellent service and food, i couldnt wait to show him what BJs was all about,

Things were off to a good start... we ordered our drinks and food and the waiter was extremely nice and helpful witht he menu.

45 mins later we didnt understand why our food hadnt come. We ordered the soup and salad AYCE. The waiter explained the computers had failed. 

When we recieved our food finally I was given the wrong soup. Oh was i pissed. here im waiting almost an hour and its wrong. I tried to keep calm but i asked the hubby to handle it. Im a hot head when im extrememly hungry. 

The manager, John Micheal came over and apologized. I understood that mistakes happen but i just didnt want to leave hungry. he made sure the rest of our food came correctly and handled it professionally. He took care of our entire bill even though we offered to pay. We greatly appreciated that. We left the waiter a great tip because we knew he deserved it. it honestly wasnt his fault that computers malfunction.

We will be back again.
Came here again after the line was too long at the buffet at red rock.

Ordered the AYCE soup and salad for 6.95. what a fantasic deal. There was choice of broccoli and cheese, clam chowder, tortilla soup and chicken noodle. 

Brocoli and cheese is the cheesiest soup i"ve ever had, hands down. no joke. order it and youll see what i mean. The tortilla soup they do in this weird way but it works. They bring the chicken, and stuff in the soup bowl but with no sauce. they then at your table pour the sauce onto the dish which leaves the torilla chips in it super crunchy. its delicious. also, its a nice touch that they add avocado and a lime inside for a bit of a kick. The caesar salad is okay, nothing special. Its yummy but i ordered only one. Of the soups i ordered then both again. 

For our daughter we order chicken tenders and fries. The chicken was actually a great portion. three large golden crispy tenders that came with two dipping sauces. ranch and honey mustard. the honey mustard was delious but the waitress said its bottled. FYI she says the only sauce they make fresh themselves is the vinegarette. The fries were pretty good. They are super thin but it just meant they got cold uber fast. no bueno. My daughter really liked them.

The service was impeccable. Our waitress was named Brittney and she was one of the best waitesses Ive ever had. She made light conversation saying she had a one year old as well. She even asked if while we waited would Leilah like some oranges. She brought a little dish with them in it to keep her occupied while we waited. Awesome. Moms FTW!
Food was very good. I just can understand why they don't have wifi access for customers. This is not good for my business meetings.
I've eaten here several times and the food is decent.  Not great, but about average for what you would expect from a chain "brewpub."  I do enjoy the loaded baked potatoes that they offer and their beers are pretty good.
Great place awesome pizza and great beer oh and the red velvet pizookie is out of this world and speedy friendly service
This is always a good "late night, but I don't want to eat crap" type of restaurant. My wife and I figured something out tonight. 

I LOVE Nachos, what I don't like is when it is soggy or too cheesy and not enough toppings. 

We ordered the:
 Chips and Salsa = 5.95
Garden Medley Salad w/grill chicken = 12.50

The two together made a decent Nacho w/out the huge number of calories. 

We also had Spinach stuffed Mushrooms - I tried and still don't like mushrooms, and Mini Bruschetta - the Greek restaurant at Tiviola was better.

The reason for 4 star is because the atmosphere, employees customers service skills (patience) and decent food. 

It is a bit expensive, $40+ for two eating appetizers. I double checked the prices and math....WOW that adds up fast!

Oh and one last thing...they don't have the Garlic Kettle Parmesan chips anymore. :(
Wow,  had a great lunch special today Chicken Tortilla Soup and Caesar Salad.

Unlimited Soup & Salad $6.95

Your choice of soup and a house or Caesar salad (unlimited refills). For some reason I thought I had to order only one type of salad and soup.  When the waiter came back and asked if I would like another soup/salad I didn't realize I could order a Clam Chowder, Chilli or Minestrone Soup.  It was fantastic!

They also have snacks and small bites starting at $2.95 so you can have a variety.  

Desserts?  Pizookie's to die for!!!

You're never too old to enjoy our freshly baked, hot out of the oven, rich and delicious cookie topped with two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream and served in its own deep dish. Your choice of Chocolate Chunk, Red Velvet, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, Peanut Butter or Oatmeal Raisin Walnut.

or

BJ's Baked Beignet
Their delicious bakery crust dough baked to a golden brown, tossed in cinnamon and sugar and then topped with vanilla bean ice cream, fresh strawberries, a drizzle of strawberry puree and fresh whipped cream.
Service here was fantastic. Destiny was such an amazing server. She was so bubbly, cheery, and very attentive. She sure knows her brewskies! She helped me find a good brew of choice, and she also made light conversations with us. Such a sweet waitress. Also, I left forgetting my keys on the table and the nice busser flagged me down and gave me my keys back. Thank you sir!

The food is a-ok. I think for a lunch special that is $5.95, I really can't complain. I had the chicken quesadilla and my friend had the bottomless soup and salad. the good part about that is you can switch off your soups and salads if you want to try something different. I honestly come for the pazookie. They have the best pazookies, and they bake the cookie the way I lllloooovvveee my cookie! Soft and doughy. My ultimate favorite is the macadamia nut pazookie. I'm really tempted to try the red velvet, but my heart just can't let go of the macadamia nut. I guess I'm just not ready to let go yet...(It's complicated).

I also had the Nutty Brewnette which had the very carmelly sweet and nutty. I also must warn you that this brew sure's got some HOP to it. After one drink I was getting quiet and I'm never quiet.  If you are all about a strong roundhouse kick in your brew...try the Piranha...I was about to choose this one then Destiny kind of warned me that it's got a really strong spicy taste to it, and it's got a whole lot of hop to it. So, I backed out on that one. But if you are one who is all about the IPA intensity..go for the Piranha.
Thursday night about 9pm it was busy. Parking was packed and is tight lot.
The booth was not lit well but spacious.
We ordered fried artichoke hearts as appetizer and it came with a mayo type dipping sauce. Only like $3.95 and a must try before meal.
We got the new Asian Kung pap chicken. It was supposed to have alot of veggies and snow peas but only had a couple and good rice. But it tasted good with alot of chicken.
The the Californificatiin  flatbread, it was good but the mayo sauce drizzle was kinda nasty so I took it off. The tipping were good,
The finally was the desert giant pan baked fresh chocolate chip cookie topped with massive scoop of French vanilla ice cream. Sugar shock WOW and bust out the defibrillator. Sweet heaven has arrived. Try it you'll be back for more!
Food totally rocks!  We have eatten here, as well as, have done carry out.  It's almost always crowded on the weekend, but the wait is manageable.  The waitstaff is friendly and always able to give great recommendations!  Wonderful Fish Tacos!  Great portion size too...so you will not leave hungry.
Its BJs, a chain with a obscenely huge menu, which I feel can be a red flag for not fresh food.  But it is what it is, just decent bar food, good beers, and usually pretty easy to get in an out of.  I dont think I can justify giving a chain 5 stars.
Bj"s  is one of those restaurants I have a love hate relationship with.  Some of the items, I just love some are not so great in my opinion.  First things first parking can be a hassle at times, and your bound to wait re guard less of what night of the week you attend.  I like the atmosphere and decor very much.  The wait staff is pleasant enough, yet often make mistakes with our orders.  In all fairness we usually have rather large family dinners there.

Now, the food.  They have great soups the tortilla soup is my daughters favorite with fresh avocados a top.  My son and I love the Tomato Soup, truly creamy and delicious with large homemade croutons.  I usually start to get full with just my soup.  On most evenings we go my daughter orders their Chicken Alfredo, she normally loves it.....occasionally can be dry.  I ordered a little more sauce was charges an additional 3.50 ouch!  My son usually goes for their Jumbalaya which is very delicious and huge portion, or their ribs both are very tasty.  I waiver between their New york strip, which by the way is great! or at times go for their other pasta dishes on the menu.  I personally am not impressed with their pasta  dishes, find them a bit tasteless.  Also their pork medallions with white cheddar mashed potatoes are great.....

I can't ever leave this restaurant with out eating desert.  My kids and I are crazy about their warm fresh baked cookie with ice cream a top called Pazooky, I'm sure I've
misspelled that....l.o.l. yet  a sinful and  necessary experience!  Dinner there usually can be a bit pricey with appetizers and desert usually about $90 to $!00  for the three of us.  Bj's is always a family favorite, with variety for all offering a huge menu and great to go service too.

Bottom line is, if I ask my kids to pick a restaurant to go to, always seems to be Bj's a leading contender!


Marisol Juracka, LV, Nv
We stopped in to BJs for lunch after hiking in the Red Rock canyons. We sat in the bar area and were quickly greeted and had our drink order taken immediately. The service started to go downhill after that. We had a very long wait for our drinks, to the point that we had to flag down the server to see if he had forgotten about them.  He was not polite with his response that he was 'waiting for the bartender to pour them'.  We did finally get our drinks and placed our lunch order. 

The first thing to arrive was our friends chicken tortilla soup. They made a nice production of pouring the broth over the soup at the table, presumably so that the tortillas didn't get soggy, but he had no spoon. We couldn't flag anyone down for a spoon, so my DH finally went and asked someone for a spoon. We still sat there for a long time before a spoon arrived. When we finally saw our waiter again,my Dh asked him to bring our friend a new soup (ok, he may have TOLD him to :-))

I think at this point our waiter realized that our service hadn't been great and he brought over a sample of one of their beers which was nice. The funny thing though was that I also got chicken tortilla soup and when they brought it, after all of this, no spoon! Maybe they have a shortage, idk. We knew to ask immediately this time and they did bring it out pretty quickly. 

Having said all that, we all really enjoyed our food. The chicken tortilla soup was very good, the mac and cheese was excellent, the chopped salad was great and huge, and they recognized that our service was not good and did try to make up for it. They also made a very tasty margarita, so it's worth another visit.
One word: Pazooki. If you dont try this dessert you are missing out!

Prices are great, quality and taste of food is excellent, happy hour prices are decent, and the staff is outstanding.
Our first experience here didn't go very well, the waitress spilled an entire tray of drinks on my husband, they offered him a free T-shirt!  We haven't been back since.  So when my husband decided to give it another try, I was a little hesitant.  

We got a couple of appetizers, a flatbread pizza, which had fresh mozzarella cheese and sweet tomato sauce. Garnished with fresh basil and Parmesan cheese.  We also got the crispy fried artichokes.  It was lightly breaded artichoke hearts fried crisp and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese.  Both of these were very good.

For an entree, I got a good old bacon burger, smoked applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles, smothered with their special sauce.  It was juicy and very good.  I love bacon, so if I would change anything, I would add more bacon!

Service this time was very good, I enjoyed the food, my husband was disappointed with his choice of entree, the old fashion pot roast.  He said it was truly "old" as in taste, he felt it was the left overs from the night before.  

But the menu had some nice looking items, especially deserts that we might have to return for.
The number one reason to come here is the pizookie. Sure, it's something that I can easily make at home, but I'm way too lazy. It came out in a fairly large (maybe 5-6 inches in diameter) metal dish. In it, a piping hot, moist and chewy chocolate chip cookie at least a quarter inch thick and topped with two scoops of vanilla ice cream. It's simple but when you combine two classics like cookies and ice cream it's a sure fire way to make me drool. It's large enough for three people to share, but my son and I managed to devour it quickly between the two of us.

The other food is pretty standard. They've got a big menu that'll make you think you're at the Cheesecake Factory. Full of items not high in quality of preparation or ingredients, but large enough to appease any hearty appetite.

The pot roast sandwich may not be good for the heart, but it's good for the soul -- slices of beef on top of toasted garlic bread. If that wasn't enough they top it off with mashed potatoes and gravy. Some random veggies on the side might fool others into believing it's healthier than it is. The wife went with a classic burger. Standard fare, but it hit the spot.

The place is great for families. It's loud enough to drown out the sounds of restless toddlers and plenty of tv's to distract you from the average food and service. The kid's menu is full of all the usual stuff -- chicken tenders, grilled cheese, burgers, etc. So, chances are there's something for even the pickiest eater.

3.5 Stars
Ive been here numerous times. A good place for consistent food and drinks when shopping or errands on that side of town.
This review is for Friday night with a group of 7 at around 7pm. We were expecting a wait (it's Friday at dinner rush) so my husband & I got there early and ordered drinks at the bar after putting our names on the list. The wait was an hour - typical for a popular restaurant on a Friday night. We enjoyed a glass of Pinot and a house lager before the rest of our party joined us.
We were so lucky- an 8 top table in the bar area opened up and we swooped it up! I prefer bar dining, anyways. We are a low maintenance group that understands the workings of a busy restaurant. Our server was friendly and efficient for how busy she was. We ordered the avocado rolls, calamari and boneless buffalo wings for apps. Everyone had beer or cocktails and started Cesar salads. Everything was timed right and satisfying. We ordered 3 pizzas (theirs are deep dish). My husband asked for no tomatoes on ours and they made with tomatoes- but they realized the mistake and started making one without while leaving the pizza with so we weren't eating after the rest of our group. The server was apologetic and the manager brought the correct pizza out when it was ready. 
They handled the situation correctly and we were happy with the service. For some people this would ruin their dinner... But really- stuff happens, the apologized and fixed it! What more could you ask for?!?
Had the crispy jalapenos Burger and wedge fries with a few Oasis beers. Devoured and ravaged this burger. Love this place and its pizookie!!!! Service was good just took awhile to get our drink orders.
BJ's is a fun place to go if you aren't on a diet.  I am not certain there is anything on the menu that is a healthy choice, even items listed as a healthy choice.  BUT, if you go there for the food, you won't be disappointed.  From their Avacodo Egg Rolls to their Chicago-esque pizza, they know how to make their food.  They recently added "small plates" to their menu, 8 -10 mini appetizers for between 2-4 dollars each.  We decided to sample as many as we could and ordered Thai won tons, meatballs, a mozzerella salad, and fried artichokes.  The Artichokes were surprisingly good with large pieces of artichoke beneath a breading that didn't zap the flavor of the choke.  The dipping sauce was good but not perfect.  The meatballs failed miserably as they stunk like yesterday's laundry.  They tasted ok but the smell really curdled our appetite.  Luckily the Thai chicken won tons were excellent.  Add to that a wedge salad, housebrewed root beer and cream soda, and a kids meal and the three of us got out for under $40.00 with full tummies!  And the kids Pazooki comes with their meal and is big enough fo the adults to sample without stuffing it in.
Friday nights are really packed.  food is great!! a must get is the Pizzookie (sp?)  my fave is the white chocolate macadamia nut.  Another favorite of mine is the balsamic chicken entree off the 500 calorie menu. I can't remember exactly what it was called but it's bomb! 
The happy hour menu is ok.  Beer is good! Service is excellent!
***** Service: Our server was great. I wish I could remember his name - he is a young Hispanic kid with a faux-hawk. Seriously, excellent server.

**** Kids: The menu is great, with several options for kids. All kids items are $5.99, which includes a main dish, side dish, and a drink.  The only problem I found is that if you have a child who needs a high-chair your wait will be longer because of the lack of tables - their booths are not designed to have a high-chair on the outside.

* Food: It is just not very good. My wife got the jalapeno burger and was not impressed, which is saying a lot because she is not very picky when it comes to burgers. I got the Cajun pasta with shrimp and, while the flavor was okay, the pasta was terrible.  At least half of the noodles were stuck together in groups of 2,3,4 and more! Obviously, this makes for some crunchy, impossible-to-eat pasta.  How hard is it to cook fettuccine noodles? It was like someone stuck them in a too-small pot and just left them there for 6-8 minutes and then tossed them on a plate.

Conclusion: Unless you are just looking for a place to get a drink and watch a game, go elsewhere.  There are probably 20 other restaurants within a 2-minute walk of this place, most of which will be a better food experience.
Busy place in the evenings. 
Server was good.
Food was good. 
I will go back to try something different.
Why go here?   Seriously.   Everything here is about as exciting as the Cheesecake Factory.  And by that I mean there is no taste, no excitement, and no flavor.  But for those of you who like safe dependable food that fails to deliver an iota of anything unique, this place is for you.  As I struggle to find something good to say about this place, I guess I will mention that the service is always bright and cheerful.  Of course bright and cheerful service is over rated in my world.  For those of you who enjoy unblemished mediocrity I encourage you to eat here.
I am not a big fan of this place always way to loud really greasy food and unfriendly staff.
Met some friends of friends here on the advice it was more local less tourist and we were looking for a change from the adult Disney side of Vegas. It was a fairly low key bar at the end of happy hour. The prices were right on the booze and food. The happy hour special on the wings was $5 fantastic and tasted amazing. I hate when restaurants give you the small birds instead of the genetically enhanced chicken's that science has given us. Too bad I didn't try the pazooki cause it's apparently a treat. You'll be happy with the wings though.
I grew up with this restaurant. This was my neighborhood restaurant from middle school even until now, and man, am I lucky to have such a great neighborhood restaurant! I'm a frequent visitor, and I've never tasted anything I didn't like here! 

There's the pizookie, which is a given. Red Velvet is my fave! All of the salads are great. Just had the turkey burger which was bomb! The waiters are always accommodating and it's just a great casual place to hang out and visit whenever!
Went to this restaurant for dinner with the hubby - loved the food but the service could have been better.

 I ordered the sampler of beer which was fun. I always love getting the sampler at Yardhouse and was happy to see they had one here as well. As an appetizer I started with the Ahi poke bowl - it was perfectly dressed and the tuna was super fresh. I always order this dish  anywhere it is on the menu and I can say this was the best I have ever had. I had the mini caprese salad next also fantastic - they used a very creamy mozzarella and it was the perfect portion for a midcourse. For my entree I had the buffalo chicken pizza -super thick crust and a nice drizzle of ranch on top. Not only did it look like a work of art but it tasted fantastic too. 

Now my husband was not as happy with the meal as I was.Ffirst the waitress convinced him not to order the beer battered shrimp that he wanted and talked him into a pulled pork sandwich which he didn't really enjoy. The biggest issue however was the timing of the food delivery. Or salads were brought out before the appetizers were even half way finished and the entrees came out not even 3 minutes later. We were sitting there with 6 plates of food on the table. W e enjoy going out once a week for a "date night" and like to take our time and enjoy our meal. We definitely felt like we were being rushed.

Overall the great food way outweighed the lack of basic service and I would go back again. Next time I'll request to space out the courses.
Dont do it!!! Food poisoning from the happy hour chicken taco's...i would have rather ran a marathon than get that sick ever AGAIN!!!
Pretty fun place to eat, with lots of reasonably priced choices.  All that house-made soda is a big bonus, too.

The staff all were very friendly and attentive, at one point the manager stopped by my party to ensure everything was going well.

I would recommend this restaurant, I will eat here again.
I'm prejudice against chains already but I just don't understand how this place stays busy.  The pizza dough is literally the old Pizza Hut pan pizza recipe.  It's expensive and nasty.
I went to BJ's yesterday for lunch with a group of 11 people.  There were four parties, including ours, with 10 or more people yesterday and the staff handled it well.  The kitchen was a bit overwhelmed so our orders took longer than normal, but it was fine because we weren't in a hurry.

I ordered the soup and 1/2 sandwich.  For soup I ordered the tortilla soup.  The sandwich was the turkey Cobb.  The soup was outstanding.  The tortilla strips are in the bowl and the warm soup was poured overtop so they retained their crispness.  There was also some pieces of avocado and the flavor of cilantro was very present for a wonderful flavor.  I was a bit disappointed in the sandwich.  It was billed as roasted turkey.  Well, it was, but it was luncheon meat roasted turkey and sliced thin for the sandwich.  It also says with blue cheese dressing.  It was there but the blue cheese flavor was not.

As for our server, she was really good.  My iced tea was replaced with a fresh glass when I got low.  She did commit a cardinal sin with one of my friends.  He ordered another beer and when she brought it, she picked up his unfinished first glass and removed it before he could stab her with his fork.  That's a big no no!!  She didn't do that with the little iced tea that was left in my glass when she brought the fresh glass.  Wow, were we surprised.

Summing up BJ's, it's OK.  It's not a place to which I'd go often.  There are just too many good places to go in this town and this area.
We go to BJ's  about every 6 weeks, and I like the atmosphere and the food,  but the service on every occasion I have eaten there is awful !  Why can't they get some decent servers?  It almost ruins a nice dinner.   Also it would be nice if the salads, and appetizers came out well before the main couirse  food, however they either forget them altogether, or you are in the middle of eating your salad when your hot food shows up. They can't get it right, it seems.  Even the manager can't seem to help the situation.
The thing I liked most about this place was the choice of beers.  Other than that it was nothing special.  My boyfriend and I shared a mushroom and sausage pizza and each of us got a side salad as well.  The salad tasted like the ones that you buy in the pre-mixed bags, flavorless and too wet.  The pizza was very comparable to Pizza Hut.  Its a shame they compare it to Chicago style deep dish pizza because it doesnt even come close to that!!
I liked the atmosphere and size of the restaurant.  The service was pretty bad.  We called while in the parking lot because it looked really busy but the hostess tells us theres no wait for 2 people.  So we walk in and she says it'll be about 5 minutes.  We could clearly see theres several open tables but whatever.  We stand there and 5 minutes later she decides to tell us "oh, you can just go seat yourself over there"  Ummm okay.  Our server was very nice but I could tell he had more tables then he could handle because after he took our order we didnt see him again for 20 minutes.  We finished our beer and never got asked if we wanted another.  My glass of water remained empty for about 20 minutes.  If he was a bit more attentive I would've enjoyed my experience a lot more.  Medium pizza, 2 side salads, one pint of beer, and the sampler of 4 beers ($6.00) was $40.  All in all, it was nothing special. It tasted like Pizza Hut on a good night but tripple the price!!
Love the late happy hour, especially when I'm craving a Jerry Burst! Food and service are always good.
This is the spot to go! I go there for family dinners, watching a game or just gathering with friends! they have a great variety of food and the staff are very friendly! the deep dished oven pizza is a must try! and their famous dessert poozkie!!!
A nice place to go to get a steak or salad later in the evening.  Unfortunately, they close at 11pm.

I have had nothing but good service here and I prefer this place over the Yard House simply because it is not loud and overbearing at night.  

On the many visits here, I've had the Turkey Burger (it was moist and delicious), the Rib-Eye at medium rare (perfect!), the Thai Chicken Mango Salad, (the sweet dressing really makes it POP with bright flavor, and the Santa Fe Salad (the fire roasted red peppers, jack / cheddar cheese, avocado and corn make this Santa Fe Salad one of my top Southwestern Salad favorites out of any restaurant...)

For desert, we sometimes get the PIZZOOKIE!  Chocolaty goodness is yours to behold!  Definitely try it if you have room for it at the end.  It's very worth it.

The servers are usually quick and on top their game.  The restaurant is very clean and neat.  The ambiance is very casual and perfect for a date.

I'll be coming back here for sure.
I recently moved to the area and while getting unpacked and settled, I grabbed take out from here about twice/week. I tried similiar type restaurants in the area (i..e, Claim Jumper) but have found the quality of food and friendliness of staff much stronger here than other places. 

There have a been a few issues - one time, despite waiting to pick up for until the 15-20 minute ready time, my order hadn't been put in yet. Another time, a salad with the dinner didn't make it into my bag (and I didn't realize this until I got home). Both times, however, the staff was super responsive. With the delayed order, the manager comped the meal without a complaint from me. Likewise with the missing salad - I called and asked them to just make a note for the next time I was going to be in (b/c with boxes still unpacked, it was inevitable I'd be in again) but they comped the entire entree. When I went in the other day, they also gave me a complimentary gift card for future orders. I've not eaten in the restaurant, so I can't attest to the service of the waitstaff (as mentioned by several people in previous posts), but the take-out order staff is super friendly, accomodating, and easy to deal with. 

The food is pretty good. It's not fancy, gourmet style. It's quality comfort-type food that's much better than bigger chains (i..e, Applebee's, Chili's).  They have the best mashed potatoes in the area. Their salmon is excellent, and the parmasan chicken was really good too. I don't like their fish and chips, but I've not found a local/Summerlin restaurant that does fish and chips well. (But am still looking!) 

I'd definitely recommend this place and think it has 5-star potential (but need to eat in to find out).
Love this place! The menu as a nice variety of items and at good prices. My whole family enjoys going there. And I love that they add a rewards card.
No good customer service even when restaurant is almost empty!!! Left after 10 min waiting in the bar area and it's not the 1st time!!!!
Located right across from Red Rock Casino and Resort.  Everytime I've eaten here, it's never by plan.  It's always been because either Yard House (at Red Rock) is too busy or I happen to be on that side of Charleston.  

As for the food.  Probably tried almost everything on the menu at some point.  My favorites include their Spinach Dip, Salmon, Lasagna, Pazookie, and their Great White Pizza.  If you haven't tried their Pazookie, then you must try at least once. I prefer the Peanut Butter Cookie Pazookie over the Chocolate Chip.  

My favorite dish is the Great White Pizza.  Chicago deep dish style pizza that taste like a pasta alfredo.  I love it when they burn the crust a little.  Sometimes I request it. 

Service is just average, but really good during lunch.  I have to say, service is better than Yard House across the street.  

Any BJ's is a safe bet when your with a group and everyone is undecided where to eat.  One things for sure, getting a table is a lot easier here than in the one's I frequent in California.
I've never been a huge fan of BJ's restaurants. They seem to offer all my favorite things, beer and food, but the place has never really grown on me. 

On this occasion, I shared a half buffalo chicken and half sweet pig pizza. I enjoy the texture of the pan pizza, but they no longer serve them in the pan, which was a disappointment. Maybe they were just a little too heavy for the servers to carry, but man they really helped keep the pizza warm and the presentation was better. Now they serve them on a plate and it just wasn't the same. I didn't really enjoy either pizza flavor either. I've had both before and they were ok, but this time I was completely underwhelmed. The pizza just didn't seem warm and gooey enough to make up for the lack of flavor either. 

I did enjoy my unsweetened tropical iced tea. I'm always happy when places offer other varieties of unsweetened tea. The service was ok as well. Our server was friendly, but she wasn't very quick with the refills, so we sat with empty glasses for a little longer than I would have liked.

Overall, it's not my favorite restaurant chain, but it does in a pinch. I just haven't found the menu item of my dreams here yet.
We go often and the last time it was really bad.  Pizza had no to very little sause and the crust was doughy.  They also changed the crust.  There are better places around.  Staff is nice, but not worth the risk of another bad meal. We will not be going back.
This is always my husbands and my go to place. They just updated their menu so we tried the hand tossed pizza, it was okay the deep dish is WAY better!!
Good place to have an unplanned, spontaneous dinner at. My wife, son and I had the opportunity to do just that and we all had a fun time. 

Our server Destiny, was great! She had great recommendations, especially with their seasonal Pumpkin Ale, which was absolutely delicious! 

For apps we enjoyed crispy wontons, with tai dipping sauce & fried artichoke fritters. Wontons definitely won that battle.

For entrees, my wife enjoyed a classic Bacon Burger, and I had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken, which was great. Its rather large, so just remember that when ordering. 

For dessert we wanted a trio of Pazookies, and received 2 of which we ordered, and 1 which was not. They corrected the situation immediately which was nice.

The one suggestion I will make is, I would love a brief description on the food after its delivered to the table by the food runners. Always nice to be reminded of what was ordered. 

We had a great, laughter filled evening and will definitely come back. Thanks Destiny!
The BEER is AWESOME! We are beer lovers and this place has a great selection of micro-brew, although a bit pricey at $5 a pint, it is worth it! We ordered the deep dish pizza, half bbq chicken and half white(alfredo), yeah that's right you can get half and half! It was good, although it seemed like is was just reheated to order and not freshly cooked because it wasn't really hot and you could tell that the halfs had not been cooked together, that was a little disappointing but it still had a good flavor. The cilantro on the bbq chicken was a winner for me, I wasn't that into the white side honestly. The Pazookie's though, holy hot cookie with ice cream on top! We ordered the sampler so we could try 3 different flavors and it was heavenly! If you love beer, go here! But be willing to spend some dough!
The atmosphere here was pretty relaxed and they have a wide selection of beers, which is always awesome. Every time I come here the service is always excellent and the food is amazing.
Wonderful atmosphere. Friendly service. reasonable priced good food. 
We had two of the 540 calorie dinner entrees.  Was ok.  Used a $5.00 off coupon.Thanks.
Keisha was our server.  Excellent service and food
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants. Food is amazing, the pazooki's are to die for, service is usually pretty good, decor is nice, great looking bar. Not a big drinker but i hear the beers are great! This place is highly recommended.
My boyfriend and I went to eat at this location last night and I had such a great experience, as always! Our waiter was quick, kind, and genuine! I can not have gluten so I love going to BJs for their gluten free pizza. Last nights pizza was the best ever. I had a great time and left completely satisfied. Will be back very soon!
I LOVE BJ'S! (hey, get your mind out of the gutter! :p) I like BJ's because they have great beers on tap (if it's still January, try the Grand Cru!!) The Grand Cru is a special brew they do at the beginning of the new year and they don't re-brew it until next January, so get it while you still can! As far as food is concerned, don't order anything else besides the Bj's favorite pizza. SO GOOD! It has like everything you could ever think to put on a pizza. Finish your meal off with a pizookie and life is GOOOOOOOD.
Long wait, but the food has never disappointed.  I give it to the staff though- they started handing out complimentary pizza after we waited for 30 min :)
This place never disappoints.  I don't get over to this location much, but he service was great, the food never disappoints and the deserts will leave you feeling 5 pounds heavier.

It is not always a great place to go if you are having a meeting or gathering and you desire to chat as the noise level can be high sometimes, but the food will is worth the noise level.
Excellent food, extremely broad menu selection, fast service, limited parking, very reasonable prices. Accepts call ahead reservations.
Great deep dish pizza! For some reason I thought the smaller pizzas off the bar menu tasted better than the same type of pizza, but larger size off the reg menu. Go figure.
I have to say I haven't had a bad meal at BJ's in all the years I've been going.  The food was exceptional as I remember, and the service was just right.  Never had to look for our waiter, but he wasn't always there asking if we needed either.  

The beer was ice cold and a great selection as always.  The lighting was nice and the TVs showed a good variety of channels and topics.  The wait was a little longer than I would prefer, but I'm spoiled and I got over it quickly.  The food and service was worth the few minutes I waited, and I am already looking forward to heading back again soon.
So good! This my first time here. Service was awesome. The beers are great. The calamari was good (worst thing I can say). The ribeye with horseradish mash and red wine mushroom sauce was fantastic! Servers name was Carrie. She was absolutely perfect. Quick, on the spot, got the orders right and didn't hover. Great night out with my wife!!!
Weren't planning on dropping into BJ's for a late lunch (or early dinner) but the other place we wanted to go had a long wait. There was a bit of a wait at BJ's for tables but we were able to grab a spot in the bar area with no wait. Server was friendly and food is as expected at BJ's... consistent and fair priced.
Ordered two small plates, the mozzarella and tomato salad and the bruschetta bites. Both were really good and were a nice starter at just a few bucks each.
Ordered the grilled burger melt with wedge fries and Kacey had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Both were good and my burger was cooked just how I asked.
Of course one of the best reasons to go to BJ's is for the beer. I'm a big fan of the Blonde... one of best light beers I've had.
All in all, good service, good food and good drinks... BJ's is a solid option any night.
Try the buffalo chicken pizza!! it is the Bomb!
I recently just tried their clam chowder. It is possibly the best I have every tried, surprisingly. The clams are very very tender and amazing in every way. This is the only thing I have been ordering lately as I can't bring myself to order anything else.
Excellent service and the place was packed! Our server Christy D. was on it. She checked on us regularly and we never felt neglected though we could tell she was slammed. We requested 2 beer samples and she brought a third she thought we might like. We did and ordered a pitcher of it. We ordered avocado egg rolls & the BJ's bacon cheeseburger pizza and the food was very tasty.
BJ's is a great place to have some good food and a great dessert which is a pizookie.  If you have been in the Eastern location, then there isn't much of a difference in the Summerlin location.  

Ratings: 
Food: (4)
Service (4)
Location (5)
Ambience/Atmosphere (3) 
Overall (4)

I ordered the Mahi-mahi tacos which consisted of two tacos, nachos and a dip.  I really really liked it a lot.  However, it needed a little more of the sauce to put in.  Brad T. ordered his favorite pizza the buffalo chicken.  Lastly, we ordered a white & chocolate pizooke.  As always it tasted amazing and chocolate-ly.
I have visited this location a handful of times since moving out here. I became a fan of BJ's ever since I gave one a try back in Hawaii. Imagine my excitement when I found out they have a few here(And in Cali)! I've taken a few friends here and it's been a pleasant experience each time. Good food, drinks and service.
Big fan of their deep dish pizzas. They do have hand tossed as a pizza option now. Prices are about average for this type of venue, not real pricey but not cheap. It is also a brewery, so they make their own brews, even root beer and cream sodas.
They do currently have some specials. 2 for $19.95 meal which includes 2 salad or soups, a medium pizza and a pizookie for dessert. Also some lunch specials starting at $6. They do have other items like sandwiches and entrees but honestly, I've never gotten past their pizzas yet hehe. If you have a craving for some good brews n pizzas, definitely not a bad place to stop by!
I have eaten there a few times, i have had the rib eye with baked potato, that tater was huge, rib eye had good flavor and it was medium rare as I ordered. I have also had the bbq chicken salad and sante fe salad as well as the wings, all delicious and not only that but the p lace can be packed and you still get your food fast and hot. Worth trying for sure
I I really enjoy BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse.  I had actually never been to one until I met my hubby a few years back and boy was I missing out!  I'm glad he showed me the light!

The menu for BJ's is quite extensive and has something for everyone in your group.  Their pizzas are fabulous and come in so many different varieties or you can design your own.  My fave would be the White Pizza.  Anything with Alfredo sauce and I am in love.  My husband disagrees and always goes for the Classic Combo pizza.  It is good too, but not as pretty as the White Pizza.  Looks aren't everything, I know, but it is true in this case!

They also have a ton of other things from burgers, sandwiches, steaks, brunch (on the weekends), lunch specials Monday-Friday, and even low cal choices.  I don't anything about those because I am a full fat kinda girl, which is probably why I'm not a size 2.  They even have  french fry options!  Now that is just awesome because sometimes you want skinny fries and sometimes you want wedge ones.  GENIUS!

And of course, they have a ton of beer!  They make about a dozen different beers and even switch it up throughout the year in the different seasons.  For you non-boozers, they also make their own root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda, and black cherry cream soda.  I always go for the cream soda and I am always happy.

The service is usually ok, but it does waver, which is why I gave this location 3 stars.  Food alone is easily 4 stars, but the service knocks it down.  Sometimes you go in and your server is on it, but sometimes, like this past weekend, it was a diaster.  Our food took 40 minutes to come out.  Some of it was hot, some lukewarm, and one had been under a heat lamp for way too long.  We were all so hungry (Warning, do not mess with my family when we are hungry because you WILL get hurt!), we didn't send it back because we were afraid it would take another 40 minutes and we had plans afterwards.  We were not the only ones with this problem either, as I heard the tables around us all complaining about the same things we were talking about.  The manager on duty wasn't particular helpful either and we didn't even see him until we were already 35 minutes into the wait.  We asked him about the food situation and he tried to make a joke and then blew us off.  

I would say 80% of the time you will have a great experience, so definitely try it out.  And get some cream soda too!
Bj's has alot to choose from. So its a good place to go when everyone cant decide on what type of food to eat. They have a cool atmosphere so eat there. Ordering the pizza for pick up or delivery is not the same as the crust gets soggy. Good selection of beer as well.
So if you can past the semi obscene name of this place, you are in for a great selection of food and beer. They also have a loyalty program worth joining. To be clear this is not fine dinning but it is often better than the other chains in this space. So if you want to get out of the casinos and go to a casual dinning restaurant and pretend like you live in a normal town, this is a good choice. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I  love thier hamburgers. Meaty, juicy, fries are ok, bettre off with a baked potato.
Other dishes are good, prices are ok.  You can call ahead for a reservation. Do it, they get busy in the evening.  Usually no close parking, and no valet.
If you're looking for a large beer selection, including some they make themselves, this place will do. The food, on the other hand, is not so great. The menu is like that of many chain restaurants in that its huge and covers various types of cuisine. Everything sounds delicious but rarely seems to be. 

Deep dish pizza's - 5/10 - more like a standard pizza hut pizza and nothing like a real deep dish pizza
Wings - 6/10 - not bad, but would be much better with more sauce
My boyfriend and I love going to yard house. The food is great and the service is great as well. Our waiter Name was April sunshine, And she was the best! she had the best customer service, She was friendly and nice. We are definitely asking for her next time we go.
20 minute wait at 6 pm on a Wednesday night, but that's OK and they handled it well. 

Our server, Kenny, was pleasant, but just like most places these days, they spend a lot of time "suggestive selling" by telling you about all the wonderful beers they have and all the apps, etc.  Maybe I'm old fashioned , but whatever happened to "May I get you something to drink?" or "May I start you off with an appetizer?"and leave it at that?

My daughter ordered thin fries and they blew that, so it makes me think if you spent more time focusing on what I do want rather than going on and on with what I don't want , maybe you won't make mistakes.  If you don't want to drink and have apps, they don't seem to care about you.

My chili-stuffed baked potato was lackluster and overpriced  I expected something more. It Looked like something from Denny's.  The wedge salad that accompanied it was similarly lackluster.

My son's double deluxe burger was good.  

I won't go back because of the hard-sell service and the food which was nothing special.  Another boring McFridays-Chilis-Applebee's-type of place.
Can't say anything bad about the place. The food is okay. I brought my daughter with some of her friends there after the movies. They ordered chicken strips, French dip, burgers, and a big cookie desert.

They seemed to enjoy the meal. It was a good place to bring the kids.
Call ahead seating!!  

LOVE, LOVE BJ's!  It's one of few places that we can go to as a family and everyone is happy and content.  It's less than a mile from my house which is super awesome and I've never been disappointed!!  Yes, I know this is a chain and I am personally more a fan of the local eateries, but BJ rocks!!

They have a kid's menu that the girls know like the back of their hands and I like that it includes celery & carrots and ranch or applesauce or a small salad.  Not just fries (since those don't go over well with my kids).   The happy face potatoes are awesome too, but they are not fans. 

They now have a great ENLIGHTENED menu if you want to keep the calories down -- my personal ENLIGHTED fave is the chicken ala fresca, but  the Garden Market Salad w/Blackened Chicken is a close second!  We love their pizza - if in the mood for a thick pizza filled with goodness. 

Hubby loves their fried shrimp, chicken fried steak and many of their sandwiches.  

Breakfast is good too - not what brings me back every time, but it's noteworthy.  

Come on your birthday and get a free b-day sized pizookie!! Yum!  They don't sing either which is a bonus, but their pizookies are amaaaaazing!!!  I've never seen one disappear so quickly as they do when placed in front of my kids!!
Great food and friendly service. No wait for a table in the bar area.  Ice cold beer selection too.  Thanks. The giant stuffed potato was great.
I don't know what took me so long to write a review on BJ's. I've been to many of their locations in the past, but it was never really anything memorable. Perhaps I wasn't paying attention.

Recently, a friend and I came to this location for dinner. I like the beer selection (both in-house and other craft brews). 

The food was awesome! I had a steak that was cooked to my liking. The best part is my friend got the Jambalaya. She raved about it before we arrived, but I didn't really pay much attention. I tried a bite and was floored at how savory, spicy and perfect this dish tasted.

The menu is quite diverse. You'll find something for everyone. Service is good.

This is a great "go to" spot if you are in the area.

Don't miss the jambalaya.
BJs is as close as you're going to get to pleasing everyone.

Neat subtly communist decor in a very large restaurant. Came in on a Sunday afternoon and got right into the bar. Lots of TVs with sports, and bizarrely clustered taps. They have a spectacular selection of beer; including their own which is usually quite good. They have several different samplers, including one with enough sizable samples to tranquilize Nancy Grace during a double murder trial. And they really mean full bar. In fact, they mean full everything.

The secret of BJs is it's menu; everything is really pretty good, and that's a feat because they have a huge diversity of entrees. If you have that friend in your group who has specialized diet concerns and can only eat blue foods from islands that don't feature indigenous amphibians BJs can feed them. BJs is great for large groups for exactly that reason: everyone gets what they want. No matter how stupid it is.

Mega Bonus: The waiter split our check with no muss nor fuss. Always impressive in the land of the unified restaurant bill. 

It may not have a ton of personality, but if you need lots of either different types of food or a huge selection of beer it'd be hard to go wrong.
- Valid thru 7 Jul there's a "Celebrate BBQ at BJ's with a FREE ENTREE of equal/lesser value with purchase of an entree!" offer you can obtain by clicking on it at 
https://www.facebook.com/BJsRestaurants
- Great beer & lunch meal specials, convenient location near Costco, Lowe's, Best Buy, etc.
- Friendly service, nice decor and reasonable prices.
Always have great service at the bar. Bison burger is good along with the shrimp lettuce wraps. Plenty of beers to try on hand from tap to bottles if u like to try different beers
By far the WORST customer service ever!!! After being there many times before. And even having them deliver to our home. Tonight was TERRIBLE! First of all we ordered the Spinach Dip (which we have ordered before) as an appetizer. Tonight it shows up with huge chunks of artichoke hearts (the size of apples quarters) in a small small soup bowl. Every time you tried to dip a chip it broke! So we asked for a new one. The new appetizer showed up right after they delivered our entrees! So we sent it back and asked to have it removed from the bill. I ordered a New York Steak ( and had told the waiter that how i wanted it, depending on who was cooking it. He assured me that Med was pink all the way through) So the New York steak shows up Med Well! Completely Brownish Grayish throughout! So i sent it back also. Told them not to make a new one. Because by the time they got it done. My wife and daughter would be finished with their meals! The Manager Terry then showed up and apologized for the in connivence. However when the check showed up.......I was shocked! The Manager did NOTHING!!!!! I was not looking to comp the whole ticked of 2 salads and 5 drinks! I thought he (Terry) would have at least comped one salad or one glass of wine! BUT NO! I WAS CHARGED FOR EVERYTHING!!! Nothing taken off for the in convince! So I watched my family eat! As I wondered what I would eat when I got home!!!! WHAT A JOKE!!!!! I WILL NEVER RETURN!!
I wish i could give 4 1/2 stars.......
I got a coupon from Facebook for 50% off a large deep dish pizza, you can't beat that!! So we headed up there tonight.

Now we come here often it's our go to place when we don't know what we want and I love it! 
However, I decided to get the BJ's favorite pizza tonight and its the most bland pizza I have ever had. (Which is why I knocked off a star this time) Pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, and onions were on the pizza. These can be bold flavors but tonight it wasn't there. I will stick to the BBQ chicken pizza if we get pizza again! 
Service as always was outstanding! Our dessert took 20 mins so the manager came out to take it off our bill, which was very nice!
Great food, great staff and it's always clean. They have lots of selection so everyone can get what they like.
Get 4 finicky female foodies together and you better find a place that has something for everyone.  BJ's usually provides a good fix.  Since we're usually starving by the time we meet up, appetizers are a big deal.  Because there's a BBQ thing going on, we tried the corn fritters with a special aioli (light textured fritters, with just enough corn...not so much that it makes it too dense and chewy).  The calamari was flash fried and tender, with a barely-there seasoned batter.  At first, the chicken lettuce wraps didn't look like it would be enough to share, but we all had at least two wraps each, doused with the hot mustard for some bite.  Good experience, so glad it's in our neighborhood.  Tip:  Send someone in to sign up for a table while you find parking; get a head start.
We discovered BJ's one night when we wanted to go to Dos Caminos, only to find it closed.  However, BJ's was a wonderful surprise and our new go-to when we want good food and to stay close to home.
My favourite beer is the hefewisen (I'm not sure about the spelling).  I mentioned to the waiter that I liked Blue Moon and Shocktop, he suggested that beer, and I'm now hooked.  The pizza, calzones, and burgers are awesome.  My dad even orders a pizza and a burger because they are both so tasty, he takes one home to eat later!
The service has always been prompt and friendly, it's not too loud or crowded, the TVs are plentiful and high enough so everyone has a good view of whatever game is going on, and the prices are reasonable, especially for Summerlin.  Our new favourite hangout :)
Yuck! Worst meal I have had in a long time. The entire experience was bad. I walked in t this restaurant and was greeted by a nasty hostess who had the worst attitude. What a B*&$%!!! I had to complain and the manager came right over and apologized right away. 

Ordered the Potato Skins for the app. Since when do you deep fry potato skins? These were deep fried with no cheese, bacon or green onion. Just plain with sour cream sauce. Blah, gross!

Next up came the meal. The BF ordered the BBQ Beef Sandwich with coleslaw. It was so bad he could not even choke it down. Usually he can eat anything, so this had to be bad. He said it was the worst tasting sandwich he had ever had. Mine was the Angel Hair Pasta that I have ordered several times here and it is usually good. The chef didn't drain the noodles so the bottom of the bowl was full of water, there was no sauce at all, just a few canned tomatoes and trust me, all I could taste was the metal from the can and a half of teaspoon of feta. This went back immediately. They brought me a bowl of their famous clam chowder to replace the pasta. Hahahah-- famous clam chowder?? You have got to be kidding me. 

The only good thing was the beer that we had. They have their October Fest beer now and of course their famous Jeremiah Red. Funny how they are famous for so many things. NOT!!!
Top Notch service when getting takeout or eating in. Take out experience included on time delivery of my food, and because I arrived a little earlier than the time they had promised my food would be ready, they offered to get me a drink. Their jambalaya also happens to be AWESOME....
Good beers and service. I love the stuffed mushroom appetizer so dee-lish. They have a gluten sensitive menu you too. The California chicken sandwich is my so good!! Grilled chicken with avocado and green chilies with pepper jack on sour dough. I know it's a chain but this location has a locals feel. Good eats with TV's everywhere. So no one will miss the game.
Blown away at horrible my experience!  I'll keep it short as I don't want to waste any more of my time in this place.  I took my wife and her parents and we went on a Sat afternoon - busy but not incredibly busy.  What went wrong??  .....ordered a bowl of soup and received a cup (without soup crackers).  I had to track down server and tell him.  He said he would bring another cup...it never came.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and it came out with LESS THAN ROOM TEMP fries.  If that wasn't enough...the grilled sourdough from the sandwich was COLD!!  Needless to say, I provided feedback, did not accept any other food or compensation and will NEVER return!  Even though I can't stand Denny's I would have rather eaten there!!!  YUCK! Save your money and avoid this place!
The food is very good, but that's not the big takeaway.  This is NOT a good place for kids, and by kids I mean anyone who needs a highchair.  They do not have functioning highchairs at this restaurants. They have about a half dozen broken chairs, which of course serve no purpose.  This has been for about a year now.

The food though is quite good.  Tuscan Chicken Limone is solid, and should be ordered if it appeals to you.  Also, don't leave without dessert.  The pizzas though are overrated.  

Enjoy, but leave the kiddos at home.
Good food, just a tiny bit short of great. Prices were awesome when we went there thanks to a special ($20 for a pizza, two soups or salads and a dessert), but they're only doing that for about another two weeks, so normally they're just pretty good. Service was quick. Almost a 5, but just couldn't do it.
I love this place! I've been here a number of times and the food and service is always good.  Lot's of different choices on the menu, and their pizookie's are amazing!!
Always a good selection of tasty food and beer. This time, however, the service was lacking. Our boneless wings were cold, twice. So we sent them back and didn't want any more. And then my fries were cold...The manager apologized and offered us a free dessert...We took him up on the offer and ordered a Pizookie. But, when we got the bill, the waiter didn't take it off the bill....Whatever, we were in a hurry and our waiter only came around every 15 minutes it seemed like, so we just paid for it and left. I frequent this place and hope it doesn't become a trend.....
I don't personally love chain restaurants, but at least it's always consistent. Tonight we had avocado egg rolls (not as good as Cheesecake Factory) and an individual sized hand tossed pizza. They let us do half BBQ chicken and half spicy meatball. Some places don't let you do half and half if there are two different sauce bases (which is ridiculous, but I appreciate it even more when they do it).  Both were good, but the best thing is that we got Happy Hour prices even though we showed up at around 7:15! Our waitress told us that if the game is still on (its Thursday night football), the HH prices continue. Sweet!
Great food and service. I called ahead to make reservations and the host was very informative and friendly. The waitress was wonderful and attentive. A little expensive but yummy overall.
Placed an online to go order. Ordered a half sandwich and a house salad and a grilled BBQ pasta with a house salad. The total was $24. Yes, $24 for two lunch specials. Specials are typically discounted hence the "special" label. They obviously don't get that part or that's why they don't advertise the prices online. Went to pick up my order and found all of the to go order parking spots taken with no one in their cars and no one inside waiting for their orders.  The food was good but not great.  I suggest skipping their online ordering set up all together. It's not worth it
The soup and bar b que chicken salad were excellent. The Ice tea was very fresh and just brewed.
The food is the only reason I come back here. The service is awful!

A dinner for two people should not take over an hour and a half. The restaurant wasn't overly busy either. It took awhile to get our orders and when the orders came out we asked for a side of ranch for our fries. By the time the side came out, we were about done. We ordered a pizzookie for dessert. When we were done we waited a good 15 minutes for our check. There is no reason why a check would take that long.
LUNCH FOR TWO.

First off our server forgot to give us straws with our water, but when he brought water to an older couple next to us he did not forget to give them straws or a cup of water filled with new ice. Our water looked like it's been sitting out for a while because the ice was almost melted.

 & when they brought out our clam chowder they didn't include the oyster crackers & it took forever to flag someone down for it.

Did I mention it was my boyfriend's birthday? It was a nice that they brought out a dessert for him, but they brought it out when I was in the bathroom. I mean, couldn't you wait a little bit until I came back out? He was sitting by himself with the damn dessert & a lit candle on it! (he didn't want to blow it out until I came back.)

Lastly, I usually get the jambalaya because it's one of the best I've had but today I tried the grilled chicken pasta & to my disappointment, it was totally bland.

I understand my boyfriend & I are young but that's no excuse to give us poor service. We still left the waiter 20%, undeservingly.

I only bumped it up an extra star because I usually come here & I never had a bad experience until today...on my boyfriends birthday. Such a shame.
I like the atmosphere in this place...who doesn't like a place to watch games and throw back some brewskis? Food is a cut above normal chain restaurants..not spectacular but good.Besides after 4 or 5 beers everything tastes good anyways. I will definitely frequent this establishment.
I am a huge fan of this Chicago style pizza joint. The pizza is deep dish and solid and their beer on tap is all brewed in house or locally. Service is generally solid and price reasonable for what you get. Personally I am a huge fan of the Buffalo Chicken Pizza which is just the right blend of spicy and pizza if there is such a thing. Also their Jerimiah Red ale is pretty solid also.
The pulled pork sandwich  was really good.  Wife got California chicken sandwich and tomatoe bisque soup which she really enjoyed.  We are here for lunch on a Friday and they are very busy.  

All in all, a good place.  They also have a big drink selection. Would be a good place to come for happy hour. They new their own beer and have a huge selection.
I've been there twice and looks ok. Nothing special to me, decent food, good beer but I am not going craze for it!. Fried calamari a bit greasy but tasty, fish tacos ok, steak was very good. I love coffee and they don't serve cappuccino. Great service!
I'm pleasantly surprised by how good my food was here and how nice the servers were.  On previous visits, my food was lackluster and service matched that ambivalence.  Hubby and I wanted some calories NOW as we just finished a gnarly hike an hour prior.  He wanted a place to chill, enjoy a beer, and eat some comfort food.  Since BJ's was kinda sorta on our way home, we decided to check it out again.  I'm glad we did.  Hubby's steak salad was all that he wanted and my turkey burger and wedge fries hit the spot.  Service was nice and friendly.  I was amused to note that the staff who brought our food to our table assumed the "chick" ordered the salad.  HA HA.  NO.  I may be fun-sized, but I can put away a LOT of food, especially after a long day hike.  :)

We enjoyed our calorie-induced coma whilst watching the Super Bowl on the many TV's in the restaurant.  It wasn't too crowded at all; I think most people were watching the game at home.  Great way to end a great hike.
Our waiter: I wish I knew his name. I could barely hear him when he spoke. He was whispering/mumbling and we had to ask him multiple times to repeat himself. 

We all ordered burgers, which a couple of us sent back. I have never seen a hamburger patty like these. First off, they weren't even circular, so they were falling out of the buns and all over the place. They weren't thick at all, but smashed down and falling apart and so thin in some places. They sent us new burgers after we told them, and the second round came out exactly the same. They hadn't even listened!

We left a little disgruntled. Don't get the burger.
So this is my new favorite chain restaurant since Yard House has been going downhill with the service and consistency. 

With that said, it isn't perfect. We have certainly gotten our share of inattentive servers (sorry to be sexist but the men tend to be the ones that leave us hanging for way too long, the women have been way more on top of their game here) and the hostess/seating people are fairly unfriendly. I always hate that the first experience walking in seems to be being ignored. Oh and the wait times can be insane, for that whole area of restaurants there, especially on a Friday/Saturday night......anyway, let's move on to the good shall we?

The pizza - I think it is delicious, and this isn't even my favorite type of pizza, it is more of a deep dish, which I am usually not a fan of, but theirs is almost always pretty delicious. They had this mushroom, balsamic one that was SO FREAKING GOOD and I almost cried when I was told they took it off the menu, but alas, the Sweet Pig is pretty yummy too, so that is what we often get. 

The other stuff - I have gotten some other dishes but honestly, I prefer the pizza over everything else. Can't really remember what I have ordered, which probably says something, but the last dozen times or so have been all about the pizza.

Now on to the PIZOOKIES - Soooooooo yummy. Little pans of cookies served up warm with ice cream on top. We have even gone just for dessert a time or two, they are really that good.

We also joined their rewards club and have earned enough points for free pizookies and $10 off our meals, so that is always a nice incentive to come back. They also run decent meal promos sometimes (something like soup or salad, pizza and pizookie for 2 for $20) so a super cheap lunch is always a good incentive too. The atmosphere is pretty typical for this type of restaurant, generally busy and somewhat loud, lots of TV's going, etc., but I find it to be a perfectly nice place to have a lunch or dinner out.
Went to BJ s for lunch with fairly large work group.   They were on time with all the food despite over a dozen of us.   Food was better them I expected although typical pizza and pub stuff.  They got us on and out quickly and service was prompt at all times
I love BJ's restaurants but I have to shout this one out. The staff is always so accomodating and attentive!!  A bunch of friends, about 10 of us, were celebrating a birthday and came in one saturday afternoon dressed up as zombies and they didn't bat an eye! We were taken care of and not rushed at all. 

Another Monday afternoon I had lunch with a friend and our server James was so great! No rushing through the lunch crowd, he treated us like we were his only customers. This BJ's is a great place for dinner before or after a movie at Red Rock; or anytime! BTW they have great drinks and specials :-)
Usually four stars and the three are probably my fault for trying something new.  Almost always get bison burger which is a delicious low cal option.  Today I went low carb and got the wings.  They came with the sauce on the side and I am a wet wing fan.  The sauce was ok....may have been franks red hot.  Bleu cheese was very thin and no celery came on the plate.  Tracy the bartender always remembers my tea order and is very friendly.
I always get flyers in the mail for BJ's, but for whatever reason hadn't ever tried it until now. The inside appeared clean and I was greeted and helped right away. The menu had a good variety of options. I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered a "Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato Salad" priced at $3.50 thinking it would be small for the price, but I was wrong! There was a fair mix of red onion, tomato, mozzarella, basil and it was topped with a balsamic dressing. I was impressed with the amount of mozzarella in it and it tasted fresh and good. My niece was with me and she chose priced at $4.95 a "Kids Pizza" from the kids menu. It was a 6 in deep dish cheese pizza topped with tomatoes. I scored a piece and it was good! I liked the thickness and flavor. The kids pizza also included a drink so it was a good deal and she was happy! 

They offer online ordering and you can go inside to pick it up or call the number on the sign in the designated parking when you arrive and they will bring it out to you. If you eat here often you might want to consider signing up for their rewards program.
Great food as usual. Either greasy bar food or healthy options this place has it all. My favorite is the Crispy Jalapeño Burger.
Decent food but sometimes there's a long wait! She's not a huge restaurant but she's big enough. They have an area in the back that you can have a large party.

When I was a wedding planner, one of my brides wanted to have their rehearsal dinner here and they fit roughly 25+ people in the back room. It was pretty tight and rather than being sectioned off, it was one long table. It wasn't very comfy but it was good enough for what was needed. Buffet style menu and then drinks were ordered and paid individually. BJ's is very accommodating with their catering options and if they can't, they'll try to take care of ya the best way they can.

BJ's is great for a night out to have some drinks and a meal (if you like) to catch up with old friends or a gathering place to be with family. It's low lighting may put you to sleep (as it does for me sometimes) but it assists when you're trying to have a little more intimate/private mean/drink as it makes it harder to see those around you lol.
The food was delicious and the service fantastic! I've been to the Centennial Hills location and it is very good, yet it pales in comparison to the experience I've had today at this location. I'm so pleased that I would consider going out of my way to go here.
My first time here and it didn't disappoint! The food was delicious. My husband and I got burgers and wings, and the wings were fantastic! They were crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Make sure to order them tossed or they will only drizzle the sauce on top (wouldn't be enough sauce). The burgers were perfectly cooked and were huge! Had to take half home.

Next time, we're going to try the pizza!
Berry blast cider is the best. I come to this restaurant just for the cider. It is a little on the sweet side but it takes a little sweetness to bring out the fruity flavor of the berries. This is a nice sports bar with plenty of room for group get togethers. The food is good and the menu  is large enough everyone can find something they like. I will go back for the Berry Blast Cider.
Bj's food  is comparable to chili's...not great but definitely not bad. How they set themselves apart from the list of mediocre food establishments is their service. I have never had a bad experience at any Bj's locations. The staff is so helpful and attentive. I've come during happy hours and peak dinner hours and have always received great service. 

And even though nothing that I've ever ordered from Bj's has ever stood out to me, I have to acknowledge that they have put together a very extensive menu together for their guests. Their is a dish for everyone in your party.

They have a great beer selection... a variety of in house and craft brews for you to choose from. Their cocktails are also great...especially the watermelon mojito.

Bj's is a great neighborhood spot to go to if there is one in your area.
Recently discovered their curbside service. Just another reason to love this restraunt!
The only reason I'm giving three stars is because of the food, which was amazing, but the service really took away from the overall experience. I understand that establishments are weary to serve teenagers, but that's no reason to be treated like we're below the status of a regular customer. Every time our server spoke to us, I felt like we were being scoffed at. Not every teenager tips just below the minimum, so if that was the reason why the service was horrible, you won't be seeing me or my family here anytime soon. My party isn't stupid, we know the norms of tipping and dining out. I was excited to bring my foreign exchange student here to enjoy the highly regarded burgers, but the embarrassment my whole party experienced overshadowed it all. the waiter actually had the guts to scream at her because she couldn't hear him when he brought all the food to our table. first of all, the place is always filled with people, resulting in a volume problem. Second, she doesn't speak good English! we seriously had to endure him directly shouting at her and giving us attitude when she didn't speak up saying it wasn't her food, even going as far as to say "you need to speak up next time." I haven't even stopped laughing because, really, this will be the last time me and my party will dine here after this experience. Bj's should know not every patron is the same, so why were we treated like every other  teenager who dines out? pathetic.
I have two words for you: pi-zookie

In certain situations there is nothing you crave more than a good BJs. Another review compared it to Chilis and that comparison is probably pretty apt but I think of it more as a cheese cake factory- they don't really specialize in anything (food wise)-they have an enormous menu with a bunch of diverse options, none of which knock your socks off but all of which are passable.BJs is a great compromise spot when trying to negotiate a meal with a large group- it has something for everyone .


All that being said we all know what we really love about BJs- the pizookie. If it wasn't for this dessert no one would have heard of this restaurant/it would of gone the way of the dodo. The pizookie is a skillet cookie Sunday that you can get in a bunch of different flavors- both cookie and ice cream. They even have a sampler pizookie that comes with 3 different cookie and ice cream combinations so you can get a variety. However, for the discerning foodie the only real option is the white chocolate macadamia nut one- the cookie comes not quite baked through, very soft and gooey in the middle. This means the white chocolate will be basically molten (be careful you don't burn 1/2 your face off Harvey Dent style by shoveling it in too fast... I know from experience) and though the whole cookie itself is soft the nuts will give you that crunch for textural contrast that is so key. 

In closing- PI ZOOKIE MOFO
The atmosphere is amazing. The food is great.  The avocado rolls are delicious.  The Santa Feel salad with the blackened salmon is the best. They have tropical tea unsweetened which is nice for a change. Great customer service and comfortable booths.
It's was a nice atmosphere and the food was good. Great service. Will go there again. Nice place to gather with a few friends. They also brew their own beer which is pretty nice :-)
Ate here a few times and everything was excellent. Decided to dine here tonight and ordered the same thing I always do, Avocado Egg-rolls and Moroccan Spiced Salmon. Egg-rolls arrived and they tasted weird. Couldn't figure out what was wrong with them. When the entree arrived, it looked as if it had been dropped on the floor and then re-plated. I pointed out to the server that it looked like a disaster and her response was "Yes, they do throw allot of stuff in there". I took a few bites and it just tasted horrible. Sent it back and within a hour I was sick beyond belief. Not sure if it was the egg-rolls or the salmon but I'll never eat here again. They should have better controls to check the food quality before serving it. It only takes one time to lose a customer, especially when you get food poisioning. 

However, the server was very friendly. After I sent the food back she came and told me that it didn't look right (wondering why they didn't see this when they served it to me).

If I ever decide I need a full body cleanse I'll make sure to dine here again.
I've always enjoyed my experience at BJs. I've been going there occasionally for four years and the service has never let me down. They're always friendly :)

Plus, there's a large variety of pizza, beer, burgers, salads, pasta, and meat (steak, ribs) to try. And you can't leave without ordering a pizookie ;) trust me.
BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse boasts a delicious assortment of brews and cocktails. I'm not a beer drinker but occasionally go here for lunch because they have a decent-sized menu, reasonably-priced lunch specials and plenty of tables with almost no wait time. I recommend trying their Southern fried chicken resting on a bed of cheddar mashed potatoes and corn. BJ's also offers "enlightened" items, food that's healthy and relatively low calorie. One of my lunchtime favorites is the Maui pork chop. Just one grilled bone-in chop with a sweet glaze, served with potatoes and crisp green beans. Finish off the meal with their famous Pizookie, a cookie baked fresh out of the oven and topped with ice cream. It's to die for.
Service was good, food was... Ok. Ordered a medium rare steak which was medium only. The presentation was not so great. Also ordered Angel hair pasta tasted like mr noodles with a lot of oil. 
California burger was good but a bit on the oily side. 
Kale and Brussels spout salad with blackened salmon was good. 
Overall experience was ok, the waitress was friendly and forthcoming.
Food sucked no flavor at all. Everything was dull from the patty on my burger to the pasta my aunt ordered ... Wah I was really looking forward to this place. Margarita was good though :-) and the hostess was rude , but our server was nice .
Went here for Mothers Day dinner last week.  It was the first time at a BJs location for myself and my daughter, although the rest of the family had been there in the past.  We had a large deep dish pizza (BJs special) and a medium deep dish with anchovies.  I can honestly say this was some of the best pizza I have had in Las Vegas!  Very fresh ingredients and I liked how they use fresh cut tomato instead of tomato sauce in the pie.  BJs offers an extensive menu and is an excellent choice for a family gathering.  Very kid friendly and excellent food.  I will definately be back and would recommend this restaurant to others....
This place has awesome food and the prices are very reasonable.  They actually have carry out too.  They don't advertise the carry out much at all because it is a huge costs savings.  I went into the restaurant and ordered food to go and waited for it.  What would have cost me roughly $120.00 in the restaurant plus the tip only cost me about $55.00 out the door.   I couldn't believe it.  Their pizza is the best that I have had in las vegas and it takes a little bit of time if you order one but it is well worth the wait.
The only thing on their menu that is outstanding are the Avocado Eggrolls. These are a must. All of their food is okay, I guess I'd say good, but it's a bit boring. Something I can't describe. Eat here 10 times (including takeout) and you're burnt out. Takeout is usually ready on time, but there's usually a wait on the weekend which is scary bc this place is scary big. So imagine how long it usually takes to get your food. I much more prefer this place for lunch. They have lunch specials and there isn't usually a wait. Service can be spotty, depends on who you get and wether they're hungover. If you are unfortunate enough to go on the weekend try to grab a seat in the bar if you don't want to wait close to an hour for mediocre food. But make sure you flag a server down or you won't get service for a while (we've waited a half an hour for a server in the bar before).
Only reason why I did not give them 5 stars is because of the service. Our waitress took so long to even come to us after being seated that when she greeted us we all knew what we wanted to drink and order. After that it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks. We felt like when we flagged her down we would need to ask for everything because there was a chance we wouldn't see her again for another 20 minutes or so. 
Usually get better service than this. 

Food was good as always. Fettuccini Alfredo is yummy. I love the small bites. Got crispy artichokes and the bruschetta. If you don't eat a lot id recommend ordering some small bites and maybe sharing an entree with someone. That's a good amount. 

As always order the pizookie for dessert! You can't pass on it. Good place to come with a group. Try their beers or do the beer sampler. Overall the food is good here. Service varies.
They have great service and salads! Will definitely be returning in the near future!
Love this place.  We live near here so we come here pretty regularly. We like to sit in the bar, we typically get better service if we sit in the bar area.  Food is pretty good for the most part. I think I have only had 1 bad meal here. Chik parm was definitely not very good.  Love the atmosphere. Sign up for BJs rewards and you can get free appetizers and other good stuff.
I recently had lunch here (I'd been here before for drinks and also for a work dinner), and BJ's did not disappoint. Every experience I've had at BJ's has been perfectly pleasant. 

They were very busy at lunchtime, but we were seated promptly. Our server was very friendly and attentive as well. I really appreciated the variety of lunch specials! There were lots of choices, from pizza to salads, to entrees. I got the BBQ platter, which came with a BBQ pork slider, a BBQ chicken breast, cole slaw and fries. The chicken was juicy and tasty. The slider was also pretty tasty, just messy. 

BJ's is a great Summerlin option for lunch. Casual and low key!
Always eat here with my boys. Love this place. Ate Saturday before Father's Day and had a great experience. I've only had one shortfall in service here once and the one time I did, I didn't have to bring up. BJs staff recognized on their own and apologized on their own!  Great staff and management team here!!!  Always come back!
Stopped for lunch, I love the Honey Crisp Chicken Salad & my husband tried the new Spinach with Seasonal Berries salad + Blackened Salmon...we ended with a Chocolate Chip Pizookie with substituted Chocolate ice cream!
Downloaded their APP & saved $5 off the check :)
This is your typical BJ's, with the giant menu and the cookie pie things. I've been here a few times, and the service is better than in Centennial, you get in and out quickly. I've never had an issue with a waiter or waitress. 

They are located by the Red Rock casino so you can always go to a movie and cross the street to eat here, or just get dessert like I do some times.
Ate here for dinner today and for some reason it was super busy. I really love this restaurant and have been coming here for a long time. I love the ambiance and the food is great. I love their signature pizookie's and their rootbeer. 

Our waitress was not at all coordinated. She was in over her head I think because it was so busy. It took 15 minutes after we were seated for her to come by and ask what we would like to drink. Then it took another 20 minutes for her to actually come back to give us our drinks. This made me mad since I've never had such poor service at this restaurant before. 

We ordered 2 appetizers which came out literally 5 minutes before we were served out entrees. On top of that our waitress was not really attentive to us and was kind of rude when we asked for sauces and other things. 

Overall, I still love this restaurant, but I believe that if they do become busy the waitress/waiters should not neglect their tables and not be snippy if ketchup or other things are needed.
Although there is usually a wait if you go during the peek times and days, it's worth it. 

I usually get their amazing honey crisp chop chicken salad and it is always consistently made, no surprises. That goes with their whole menu. Obviously their pizza is made to perfection, that's a given. So someone at the table has to order a pizza! But please, for the love of god, SAVE ROOM FOR A PIZZOOKIE!!! What's that, you ask? It's a hot giant cookie, still warm in its mini pizza pan, with a heaping scoop of ice cream on top, just waiting to be devoured! You can say you'll only have one bite, but you would be lying. I double-dare you to only have one bite. When a table gets a Pizzookie, it's like watching a pack of starving wolves being thrown a juicy steak. First come, first serve!
This place is a pretty mediocre restaurant for vegetarians who don't drink.  The only reason I've been back a couple times is because my fella likes their pizza... they also serve massive baked-potatoes.

Last night they wouldn't serve me a Gardenburger because there is spinach in it.  I understand that they are looking out for our best interests (so I don't get sick and so they don't get sued) but since it isn't FRESH spinach it seemed a little excessive.  The FDA lifted the ban, get over it and gimme my sammich!
BJ's is a very consistent restaurant. I have been them all over the West Coast and they all taste great. It is a great place for beer lover's because they brew their own brew, that's actually pretty good unlike some brewery's. For the underage or non-beer drinkers they also have draft root beer which is absolutely amazing.  There specializes are massive potatoes and pizza. To be honest the pizza is good but not great. It is suppose to be Chicago style deep dish but comes up short for true Chi-town pizza lovers. The potatoes, which are there own meals, are unlike anything I've ever had. They are very filling and very good. My favorite is the Blackened Chicken which comes with a potatoes, spiced chicken, cheese, red peppers, and Alfredo sauce to dip your bites in.  Also the sandwiches are great. The French Dip and BBQ Beef is highly recommended. If you have room for dessert, the freshly made cookie and ice cream called poozkie is great.

A little secret is about BJ's is that all of the lunch specials that are said to be over at 4, are always available if you ask. The best is the half potato and soup/salad. I recommend the calm chowder, it is a hefty portion that can be a meal in itself.
When I was first brought to BJ's with a friend I was a little skeptical of the huge menu and the fact that it wasn't busy, but I was pleasantly surprised by their deep dish pizza which still keeps me coming back. Nowadays there is always a wait for this hot spot at Desert Ridge. Although BJ's does do a good pizza nothing about the restaurant or service really stands out to me. The service has always been hit or miss in my experience, and the huge menu can actually be a little daunting. One time while feeling like a healthier option I tried the other famous item on the menu the big baked potato. The potato was extremely dry and lacking in advertised size, so I left hungry and disappointed. Although average, I would recommend BJ's for dates and group gatherings as it is an open atmosphere with a menu that can please just about any one. Also if you have room after dinner try the pizookie! They have mastered this favorite dessert of mine, and it is offered in four different flavors.
Solid experience from a typical brewery. I have been to BJ's several times now, usually after eating somewhere else in the Desert Ridge area. The typical visit usually includes drinking their blonde concoction, and watching sportscenter. The food i have eaten there was really good, including a chicken pasta meal that is one of the best i have ever had. Its 3/4 restaurant, 1/4 bar with tall ceilings and no smoking. Other than good food and drink there is not much else that separates BJs from other breweries, but thats ok. You will find a mix of adults and families before 10, with mostly adults in the bar after 10. Not much on the singles scene, so bring a crew with you!
It's basically no different from any chain brewery place but there are two things I love about BJ's (and stop thinking dirty thoughts now about the name!).

1. I love the pizza. I am a deep dish pizza girl. None of this folded crust, NY style nonsense here. I want a pizza with a crust, a knife and forker. Husband and I are on the same page, we have our favorite's but BJ's is up there. They cover the pizza with fresh toppings (no canned mushrooms here) and chunks of tomatoes. It's yummy.

2. I love the Pizookie. I know you can get Pizookies at Oregano's and I love them there too. 

Our one hiccup here has been service. It's friendly but slow. Don't come here for a quick meal.

Tons of TV's in here and a big bar also mean that it can also be a good place to watch a game.
There are quite a few things that are great about BJ's Brewery.  First off, their beer offerings are better than average and very consistent, no matter which BJ's you go to.  They fall short of the beer offerings from such brew houses as Four Peaks and Sonora Brew Pub (then again what beers come close to being as good), but they are solid offerings nonetheless.  I highly recommend the Pale Ale and the Stout.  Secondly, they have a great happy hour.  $1 off beers, $2 off all appetizers, and half off mini pizzas.  The mini pizzas are very good, and they have a wide range of great appetizers, all of which are quite tasty.  And for those of you with a sweet tooth, they have a pizookie that is to die for.  The regular menu items are divers and very good.  I used to go to the Chandler location a couple times a week and have had most items on the menu, all of which left me very satisfied.

The restaurants is large in size, with a nice bar area and large screen TVs you can see from pretty much anywhere you sit.  They are also very family friendly, and can get quite crowded, especially on the weekends.  Despite the place being packed, and our server being the only one in the bar area, service was very good and very friendly.  They also have a take-out option (similar to what Chili's does), and I saw quite a few people while I was here take advantage of this service.
Average, average, average.   Had a few beers and tried several others.  All were fine but seemed watered down a bit.

Had a few apps and they were standard issue.  Meh.

I'd rather go here than an Olive Garden, I guess that's the best way to sum up how I feel about this place.
I like their deep dish pizzas a lot! The freshly chopped cilantro on top of the bbq chicken pizza is amazing. I love cilantro on anything! The best part is on happy hour the mini pizzas are half off.  Also for a place that does pizza mostly their chicken wings are darn good as well. 

If you like deep dish pizzas this is one good place to get one. They are on the pricey side of pizzas so don't expect pizza hut 5 dolla specials here. Again the best time is to get one on happy hour!
I have only been here a couple times but the food was really good every time. I have had the pizza and a couple of the sandwiches. All delectable!
Gigantic potatoes served here!

Nit Wit is one of their best beers - basically a clone of Hoegaarden Belgian witbier.  I can't recommend this enough.  Overall, house brews are notably above average as far as chain brewpubs go, and BJ's provides guest taps in case you're not fond of the homemade stuff (I often see Anchor products, Rogue, or an import draft).

Don't just come here for pizza.  The lunch combo of half potato and salad is quite a deal, and if you're a big eater then I dare you to eat an entire potato.  I like their arrabiata sauce for some of the pastas - red pepper spicy with a touch of cream in the base.  

Calzones are great for texture and fresh dough flavors.  The cilatro-pesto appetizer thin crust pizza is rich and highly recommended if you're into pesto.

Great corporate model for service.  Hostesses know their job.  Servers are prompt and polite, and smile even if they're having a bad day (unlike at most mom 'n pop places).
The wife and I had our Friday night dinner here recently.  We are not a stranger to here, with this probably being our 5th visit or so...  The wife was having a hankering for their Berry Burst Cider...  For me, BJ's is probably to a 3.5 than an 'a-ok' 3 star...it's just there isn't anything terrible memorable about this place for me.  I mean, on the car ride over, I was trying to figure out what I like there, but couldn't figure it out.  I think it's that BJ's makes a lot of things that are good...but nothing that is particularly memorable to me.  I can't recall ever having a bad meal there, yet I can't recall having a great meal.  

The service was good, friendly and fast.  We were lucky to get there early enough to not have to wait to be seated, which was good since they filled up pretty fast.  I had a french dip sandwich with fries.  Standard french dip, though I must say that the horseradish cream sauce had a decent bite that I liked.

As noted above, 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3 stars.  I wonder if the real thing that will hook me on this place is the pizookie, which I've never had...  (Oh yeah, I didn't like that happy hour was only in the bar, which it would have been the whole restaurant...at least it is decently sized (3 - 7pm).
My five-star rating is just for the deep dish pizza and its croissant-like crust.  It is delectable!  As a former Chicagoan, I claim some expertise in deep dish pizza (eating, not making), and I've got to say that B.J.'s makes the best.  I've never had any crust like that.  Ever.  

I haven't had much else at B.J.'s  The multicolored chips and salsa was very good.  Didn't care much for the thin crust pizza appetizer.  

The Pazooki (huge hot cookie served in a pie plate with ice cream on top) is yummy, but the last one I had, it was uncooked in the center.  However, you get a free one if you tell them it's your birthday!

THE best BJ's is in Laguna Beach.  Order one in the restaurant, and go sit on the boardwalk at Main Beach.  Just something about that sand blowing on there!
I suppose my score would teeter in the gray area of a 3.5. This place has it's great points: good, brewed beer; incredible deep-dish pizzas loaded with toppings; and, from what I saw, attractive wait staff (always a bonus). 

My short-comings list would be: the Applebee's-esque environment; and horrible placement/identifying of the facilities. Those don't seem major, but when you need to go number 1 between well-crafted home brews, you don't need to make laps around the place. Especially weaving your way around the islands of high schoolers who are enamored to be there. Also, given that this place attempts to combine the sports bar with a family place to dine, it clashes too loudly and, on a packed-out night, I could see this place being overkill.

I know this might be coming off harsh because they do have some magic working for them. Their pizzas are bomb. In this new age of pizzas with thinner crusts, these pies kick it old school with their Chicago style crusts. Complimented by their over-abundance of toppings, these pizzas rock. That is all I can say for their amazingness. You will have to try the pizza for yourself.

As far as brew goes, with me being a beer snob, this was a good brew. I ordered the Kolsch and my broseph selected the Porter. Both had a good consistency and overall taste. The Kolsch was a little reminiscent of Four Peaks kolsch, perhaps with less vanilla. It had a some characteristics of a red ale to it. Overall,  I feel like they can put out some good beers.

So looking back over this, I will bump up my teetering score to 3.75. You will just have to experience it for yourself.
The main reason for the four stars is for their Angus Roast Beef Dip -- it is delicious!  It is up there on my list of favorite French Dips. The meat is super tender and juicy, and the horseradish spread really compliments the sandwich. Plus, it is a great condiment to dip your french fries in.  

The portions are huge -- my sister ordered the Sesame Chicken Salad and she barely ate half of it. I, of course, devoured my sandwich. They have a huge menu, with a lot to choose from. They seem to be known for their pizzas, which look really yummy too.

The atmosphere is similar to most sports bars, although I'd say this place is more of a "high-end" sports bar with chandeliers and mood lighting instead of ripped vinyl and dirty blinds.  There is a massive flat screen TV. above the bar, and little ones interspersed throughout the restaurant. The wait can be a bit long on Friday nights and weekends, but you can call ahead to get your name on the wait list.  And, they are nice enough to offer you some small pizza bites while you wait.

Overall, BJ's is your standard chain restaurant/sports bar, but with a few extra niceties to make it stand out above the rest.  I'll be back for sure, and maybe next time I'll venture outside my love-for-the-french-dip and try some of their other goodies.
Vacation time spent by a trip to see the family is generally rife with compromises. After failing to produce an agreement on anything we all really wanted, we ended up at the somewhat unfortunately named BJ's Brewhouse.

I half expected to see gaggles of teenage boys and tweenage girls (of roughly the same maturity level) stifling giggles about what "BJ" might stand for, but did not. The other half expected the food to be disappointing and for me to be already longing for some good Szechuan before I'd been in Arizona 2 hours, and pleasantly did not experience that either. Standard chain decor, standard chain service, standard ratio of operational to non-operational men's room stalls (non-zero.)

We opted for the stealth $20 email special of a shared medium pizza (any specialty or number of toppings), a shared "pizookie" dessert and individual soup or salad which I would strongly recommend since normally a specialty pizza itself is $20.

The starter? Minestrone with a bit of cheese. Italian. Adequate. Unremarkable.
The pizza? A paradoxically Chicago-style Southwestern, like a chain boutique version of Pizza Hut. Solid crust, great by Seattle standards (low.)
The dessert? A very thin (Peanut Butter, among the 5+ varieties) cookie in a pancake-sized tin topped with vanilla ice cream. I was more preoccupied with whether Madame K's Pizza Brothel, er, Bistro in Seattle copied the Screaming Orgasm from them or vice-versa (and thinking they would have been better off to copy BJ's pizza) than the experience of the sweet cookie.

The verdict? For optimizing any particular aspect, one could do better elsewhere, but the pizza is quite good among mostly forgettable accompaniments. Chains are generally compromise candidates, and in that vein, BJ's Brewhouse performs the job.
ok food in a applebees sports bar type of environment.  Good beers and ok food - although the pizookie was great - just needs more ice cream)

Good selection of kids food as well.
My best friend loves coming here for happy hour/lunch. We used to come all the time until the manager made a snippy comment about us going other places more, so we stopped coming at all for awhile. But last week we went back and it was good. I love the southwest salad with salmon on top. It's a tiny bit spicy and the dressing is just right-not goopy. I love the avocado's and black beans and the red pepper they use to dust the plate. It just works for me, especially with happy hour glasses of pinot grigio! MMmm!
Bj's is just ok. They have some good dishes and some bad. I do have to say there wings are very good and i could eat a lot of them. They are breaded. Normally I'm not in to a breaded wing but these are good. The breading is so light and the sauce is delicious. I have been here many times for meeting with friend for a beer and apps. I have ha d a steak, it was good, the california chicken sandwich was ok, it would be better if it had bacon on it. They have shoe string fries and wedge fries. Its always good to have an option. The decor is nice,  upscale sports bar is the best way to describe it. The host and server s have always been nice and knowledgeable, but on more than one occasion after the food was served they never came back to check on us to see how the food was or to fill our drinks. When you serve the food you have to make sure the drinks are filled. I like there blond brew and there amber brew, but did not care for the others I tried. They do have a good selection of lunch specials ranging from $6.95-8.95. Overall I feel this place is hit and misss, some good some bad.
One of our suppliers insists on taking us here for lunch about once a quarter.  It kinda sucks.  Not offensive, but awfully boring.  Things on the broad menu look like they should be better than they are.  Blah.

Plus we can't booze at lunch.  What I've had for booze here (nothing recent) has not been at all noteworthy.  Avoid.
I was excited to try BJ's since I've had some positive experiences with Brewery's in the past few months. However, I left unimpressed.  I can't say the food was bad, but it wasn't remarkable. I had the burger, which was okay, but very greasy. My wife had one of the pizzas that had what appeared to be canned or stewed tomatoes on it which she thought were rather bland and tasteless.  

I wasn't able to sample any of the brew selections due to constraints of the diet, but my wife did have a pint of their featured ale and she said it was really good.  The service was decent, and there was about a 15 minute wait to get seated.  All in all, I don't think I'd go back and so I'm filing this one under, "been there, done that...You can keep the tee shirt."
I have been to the particular location many times.  Except for the wait, we have always had a good experience. I just love that deep dish pizza. I am sure it is on slice away from stopping my heart, but not here for the health food.
Not worth the effort.

The beer here is pretty bad. And they charge for tasters, so to try a beer to see how bad it is before committing to a full pint will cost you money.  It really irks me that they do not brew their beer at each location, yet have it shipped in... not very mirco brew of them.

I have been to a couple of their locations, including this one.. It took me 4 tries of this company before I realized I was never going to leave thrilled and to just give up on BJ's.  The service on average is slow and at times moody (with the customers that is, with other staff members they goof around and snap each others exposed thongs-that was a bad dining experience). The food is bland and boring.  On my final visit my boyfriend's entree came out to the table and mine was nowhere in site.  Five minutes later our server finally came by to tell me that my chicken had been burnt and it was the last one they had, he was oh so kinda as to ask me if I wanted to order something else.  WTF? Really?!? Are you serious with me kid, no I want to sit here and watch my boyfriend eat.. what kind of question was that?  So 20 minutes after my boyfriends meal came, I got my meal.. some pasta thing.. should have just ate my napkin, might have had more flavor.

The only MILD saving grace of BJ's is their pizza, its decent, not amazing, but decent.  But one decent pizza will not bring me back to this joke of a brewery.. and btw..what's with the garage doors on the wall?!
You must try the Captains Mug - Captains Morgan and BJs homemade rootbeer, delish! 

The steak was good and the potatoes were huge. The fish and chips came with a generous helping, but were on the salty side. The pulled pork was also very salty

Good service but a tad slow.
Well, I don't drink beer. That being said.  I'm a big fan of BJs.  I've eaten there a couple of times before, but never at the Desert Ridge location.  I found the atmosphere great.  Nice and open, clean and plenty of flat screens viewable from all locations.  
The service staff was nothing amazing, but friendly and efficient.  Great menu, with lots to choose from -and the dish I got, the Piranha Pale-Ale Chili Cheese Burger was amazing.  The Pale-Ale Chili had a great flavor.  I'd say I couldn't stop eating it, but it was so big I had to.  
My wife had a regular BJs burger, which was boring, but she said was tasty.  Daughter ordered off a good kids menu - lots of choices for a reasonable price.   And of course...the pazookie.  
$40 for a family of three that doesn't drink beer isn't cheap, but it was worth it.
We have dined at BJ's several times and have always been pleased with the food.  Our favorite is their Happy Hour 1/2 off pizzas in the bar area.  The portion sizes are large and are great to share or take some home!  It is kid friendly whcih is a bonus for us.  We also really like the new smaller bites menu, it makes it easy to get several different dishes to share!
BJs is all over the place and in other states. I have enjoyed their food but i have to say the service is really suck. I was a server recently for over 6 years and i know what good service is. Im not going to complain about the food because the food its great! But they could MAJORLY improve on the service quality.
I paid a visit last Friday. This place has good food and more variety than yardhouse. But the drinks are way costly. The long island comes at 9.75$ and a mojito comes at 8.50$. If you have the money it's worth paying a visit.
I love coming to BJ's for their special brews of beer! They always have something unique on tap to drink! Beer is a little more expensive then your typical bar, but you are paying for a microbrew.

There food isnt half bad either! They have a large selection of food to choose from - Pizza, Pasta, Sandwiches, etc. There is something for everyone here! 

If your going on a Friday night or Saturday night do the call ahead reservation right before you leave the house. It will save you 15-30min of waiting in line for a table.
If you don't like something on the menu... no big deal... they have 100 other things to try.  This menu is quite possibly the second largest menu (behind cheesecake factory) that I have ever seen.  And this is just the food!  My personal favorite is the Parm Crusted Chicken.

Did I mention that this was a brewery that had some great beers as well?  There are very few seasonal beers I can tolerate but every season BJs releases a new beer (even if it's a repeat from last year) I am amazed at how delicious it tastes.
The menu at BJ's offers an extensive variety of entrees.  My mother and I decided on a lite lunch so we ordered the soup and salad.  The salad was pretty basic but the minestrone soup was delicious! And so much for the lite lunch, since it was all you can eat soup we did indulge. BJ's is a popular Restaurant and at prime time hours does fill up fast.
My wife and I were staying at the condos at Desert Ridge and decided to go here with friends for dinner. We had a 30 minute wait for a table but a server came by and got us drinks while we waited and another came by later with some pizza to try.
We were seated and our server was very attentive. 
My wife had the chicken pasta and asked them if they could throw some cajun spice in it. Wow it was amazing, it should be on the menu.

I had the pork chops, the apples and potatoes were good but I ordered the pork chops medium and they were well done. I was halfway through them by the time the server came by and I didn't mention it to her because I didn't want to wait for them to cook more.

Our friends ended up having Pizza. It was good, not great. To be honest I am more of a thin crust guy and this was a thicker crust.

All in all I would eat there again.
I really like this place! There salads are awesome and huge! I love their BBQ sliders too! They are so yummy! I usually do take out and they are so kind, because I always call 15 minutes til the kitchen closes. I always look forward to eating here!
This place has everything to offer in the choices for food & beer. I just love the options. Kid friendly and the staff is awesome. Reservations maybe a good idea if you are going on the Friday or Saturday night as it can get very busy.
Hadn't been to BJ's for a few years and I had forgotten how great the food is there.  Went on a busy Friday night, but only had to wait about 20 minutes or so to be seated.

Started with classic potato skins.  Perfect.  Cheddar, bacon, and cheese with sour cream and/or ranch dressing.   Bring friends, this is not a single serving plate.

For the entree I chose the Tuscan Chicken Lemone.  It's new on the menu and I hope they keep it for a some time.  Wonderful flavor - lemon and butter, good stuff.  Pasta was tasty too.  And the cheese bread?  Don't get me started. 

Normally at BJ's I would have a beer, but I felt like something different so I ordered a nonalcoholic berry cider.  Only lightly sweet and very snappy, it was quite refreshing and a nice change from overly ambitious drinks that crowd out the flavors of a good meal.

Too full for desert so nothing to report.  The service was very good - prompt, accurate, and engaging.  

The only issue we had was with the fold out extension for our table.  Every time my friend (G.) hit the top of the table too hard (he's a big guy, but still) the magnetic latch would give way and the extension would swing down and whack one of us in the leg.  After a while I just moved my leg out of harms way and was mildly entertained every time G. would get stung in the thigh.  Probably an anomaly, but a stronger magnet might be a good idea.
3/3/11: Tonight it was a takeout smorgasbord of goodies... New pork chops tasted great in restaurant & now in takeout too. Love Santa Fe rolls - next time I'm asking for two each of the sauces because then I don't have to worry about double-dipping accidentally at home. Same for requesting an extra sauce with pot stickers when I'm sharing a meal with someone  :) Tonight the takeout food is as good as in restaurant & it's a rare restaurant that can do that.
There is no losing here.  The food is so good!!  I usually shy away from bar pizza, but this was some of the best pizza I have had.  Awesome chicken wings.  And they have a large selection of great beer.  There is nothing like a beer with real flavor.  I usually do not like a really dark brew, but they have the best.  

Great service, just a great place.
There are very few restaurants open late, and thankfully BJ's is one of them, giving them a bonus star. I've been to this location a few times and it's consistently good. Good service, good food, good drinks. Nothing special stands out, but we've never had any issues either (other than that one time a couple people in our group got into a yelling match across the bar area and were asked to leave...but that's a story for another day and had nothing to do with BJ's itself). Nachos with Blackened Chicken & a Berry Burst Cider = win.
Until recently i had only had the pizza, but their enormous encyclopedia of a menu is full of tons of delicious options from sandwiches to pastas.  Overall very impressed with the quality of food which encompasses a multitude of genres.
I went to BJ's Restaurant for the first time this weekend. And we had mixed results. The service by Brandon was excellent, but please tone it down on the upselling. He made a great suggestion regarding getting double meatballs in the Calzone as one of the two additional toppings that comes with the dish.

The nachos were good, but could have used some Guac and Jalapenos to bring it up to excellent. The meatball Calzones were excellent (better than Uncle Sam's I'm told, sorry Sammy).

 I know Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, and you Sir, are not Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. Not even close, that's why the Yelp rating for this restuarant takes a header. This is what a Chicago Deep Dish Pizza looks like.......http://www.giordanos.com/. Their pizza was just a lot of crust with a thin layer of cheese and toppings. The Wendy's "Where's the Beef" lady would have been yelling "Where's the Cheese" if she had a "Chicago Deep Dish Pizza" at BJ's.

Having said all that, my family and I really enjoyed the atmoshere and the great selection of entrees and will be back to try the other entrees, but just not the Pizza.
Have to give this place 3-4 stars for food but 5 stars for service. Great service so I've gotta average it out.
Basic chain restaurant food. My shrimp tacos weren't so great. Didn't care for the crispy, dry flour tortilla. I prefer the corn.  Not much shrimp in tacos. Sauces were okay.  The seared ahi salad looked pretty good. Tasted the pulled pork sandwich and I really liked the savory sauce...not too sweet. Pizza was okay. A bit greasy but edible. I prefer thin crust.
Service was amazing.  Someone in my party ordered a mojito and her glass came to the table sticky. She told the waitress. Waitress offered to get her a new glass but she said she was okay and wrapped a napkin around it and was fine.  Even though she was fine w/ the glass, the manager came over and offered to replace the drink and she did.  Excellent customer service as the waitress did not just "sit on it." She took the minor complaint to management and they took a minor complaint seriously and did something/anything about it to please the customer. Top, top service. Had to bump up to 4 stars.
Excellent menu - servers are super friendly - great for kids!  What more can you ask for... oh yeah, the food is awesome, too!
Unfortunately this is the worst BJ's location I've ever been to, and I love BJ's food normally. The deep dish pizza was just not that good, and I normally think their deep dish pizza is a model of perfection. The crust wasn't really 'deep' and more like regular pizza crust. The toppings were pitiful - barely any sauce, practically no cheese, and very little of the toppings that were supposed to come with the pizza. I was so disappointed. The service is great but that doesn't really matter to me when the food they are bringing me is sub par. They have all day happy hour when games are on and the bar has a decent number of TV's with NFL Sunday Ticket but the food was too disapointing for me to go back.
BJs, overall, is a very average restaurant.  I like the variety on their menu, and the food is usually good, but it often takes a long time to get it.  The service is generally good (although we've had a couple of bad experiences), and the atmosphere is pleasant overall.  It really doesn't stand out to me in any way; it's a good place to visit when the mood strikes but not necessarily one of the top restaurants in Desert Ridge.
Disgusting.  First had to send back the paint thinner tasting Jeremiah Red than on to the worse than frozen pizza and my wifes prime rib sandwich stayed a little too long.  Barf!
Haha, BJ's, now that that's aside...

The food here is amazing! I came here for lunch with my mom even though I wasn't hungry at all. Their menu is large with something for everyone, even for those like me who come in with a very little appetite. They have a small bites menu consisting of stuffed mushrooms, ahi tuna, and a few other choices for $3. I ordered the ahi tuna that was seared to perfection for being such a small filet and the portion was perfect! My mom ordered the flatbread and salad lunch combo. I couldn't resist trying her flatbread. OMG, the crispy thin crunch of their flatbread...so delicious!

I checked out their beer selection and was pleasantly impressed. I can't wait to come back with an appetite to try more items and beverages off their menu! The hostess greeted us with a smile while she sat another party in front of us and then came back right away and sat us. The server was quick and the food came out fast. The decor was nice, but its still a fun casual restaurant.
Food and service was good.
I have been to this BJs a few times, mainly because someone else drags me. I wouldn't come on my own. Our twin group president wanted to have our last board meeting here.  She called a month ahead to let them know we would need a large area, preferably a private room.  The person she talked to assured her that they could accommodate us.  The day of the meeting, she called early in the morning to let them know we would be meeting at 6:30.  We got there at 6:25 and they were not expecting us.  They told us to wait at the bar while they set up the tables.(We were 18 twin moms, yes large board).  Well, the room was not private at all, it was just another area, divided only by half walls.  The noise level was so high, we could not hear each other.  We ordered some food, which was ok, nothing to write home about.  My Fundraising co-chair didn't get her meal until I called a waitress and made her aware of that.  Our meeting ended up being the fasted we have ever had, mainly because we could not really engage in conversation.  I guess we won't be coming back.  I think I am finally out of people who could drag me to this place.
Great food, great beer, great service!!  Been to Bj's more times than I can count. Never a bad experience. Pizookie's Rule the World.....at least my world!
BJ's is a great spot to grab a bite or even catch a game.  The parmesan crusted chicken is so yummy and they brew their own root beer!
Went here after a day at a nearby museum and the food definitely was more than I expected.  The waiter gave me a second soda drink without me asking and asked me if wanted a third, which I declined.  The Bacon Cheeseburger was amazing and more than I expected and wish I had a place like this to go home to!
Don't be mistaken - BJ's does not serve craft beer. Some of them are good but it is contract corporate brewing. We enjoyed the Scottish Ale and the Brown Ale and a dessert. Our bartender was a super nice, service was great. That's all.
My family and I tried BJ's for the first time about a week ago on a Friday night.  The restaurant was very busy . . . usually a good sign.  I really wanted to like this restaurant.  The menu selections sounded appetizing, but that's about as far as it went.  Our server was congenial enough, but seemed to be overloaded with tables, and was never around when we needed something.  The best item we ordered was the fried artichoke hearts appetizer, which was unique and tasty  Everything else varied from OK to very disappointing.  Most items lacked basic seasoning and tasted as if they were frozen and reheated . . . poorly.  My husband ordered a pepperoni calzone that was lackluster and extremely bland.  My kids ordered a the kids corn dogs, which were also flavorless.  I ordered the individual size Spinach and Artichoke Deep Dish Pizza.  I have to agree with previous reviewers that this is definitely NOT anything resembling deep dish pizza.  It was a very thick crust with a sparse amount of toppings.  There was very little spinach and some untrimmed artichoke pieces on it.  The artichoke was largely inedible, as the hearts had not been trimmed/prepared properly and most of the petals were very tough and impossible to chew.  My husband wanted to try a dessert, so we ordered the Triple Chocolate Pizookie.  It looked appetizing, but fell far short as far as flavor.  The "cookie" barely covered the bottom of the pan across most of the middle, and really had very little flavor or substance.  The ice cream and chocolate square were good on top, but the cookie definitely left a lot to be desired.  I left feeling like somebody somewhere probably had some great recipe ideas, but that they got "watered down" in the actual execution with franchising and corner cutting.  It was disappointing to spend nearly $50 and leave feeling so unsatisfied.
Here in Phoenix for a week of spring training with March Madness thrown in.  We were here three times, mostly glued to a TV watching UNC.

Good happy hour food and deals.  Pot stickers tasty, flavorful and just the right amount of crunch.  Flatbread, invent your own pizzas were very good.  I had the portobello with balsamic and motzarella.  Hubby  had the sausage and olive.  Crunchy crust, much preferred over the deep dish.  

Bartender Shiloh ( dunno, maybe his mom was a Neil Diamond fan). Spotted us the second time we came in, knew our drink preference and offered up other spots to check out games.  Very nice, considering we'd never seen him.

Looking forward to next year's cactus league, for sure.
BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!!
Pazookie is always yummmmy too!
While I try for the most part NOT to write negative reviews, I just couldn't help myself this time. I've been here for several lunch meetings and each time I think 'eh they're having an off day, next time will be better'. That's not the case. Every time I've been here (and it's only ever been for lunch), service is slow, servers seem confused and too busy (even though there are dozens of them on staff), there have been poor explanations of the dishes, food was served barely warm and of mediocre taste. 

The restaurant does always seem to be busy though, so apparently other people have had different experiences - good for them. 

... On a lighter note, the beer is delicious. I've had the Pale Ale and the Red which both awesome. Perhaps if I were to try it again (doubtful) that I should just sit at the bar?
The service was great from walking in the door to the end of our meal. Our server was friendly and got our order right when we even had food allergies which is always a must. I got the new light salad:Thai mango chicken and it was awesome. I love a good fresh and a little spicy salad. It was very refreshing and filling.  BJs always has great brews too...try the lightswitch for a good lager under 135 cals.
I haven't been impressed with BJ's the last couple times I've visited and I'm not going back. I am newly gluten free and they have limited menu options for a GF person like me although I do appreciate that they offer a GF pizza. I can usually find something on a menu that will fit the bill so I ordered the Thai mango chicken salad. It was certainly nothing special considering the $12 price tag. I was disappointed to see that all their salads ran that much with the exception of the garden salad which was $9.75 + $3 extra to add grilled chicken. They've really increased their prices. My husband's vanilla Dr. Pepper was $3 and he was not offered a refill. So, like I said, I won't be returning.
As a large chain I will say that I am a fan of BJ's. One of the nice things is that this location is just like every other location, in that its the same menu and same food. 

One thing that i love about BJ's is that I have always had good service, they do a great job of training and making sure that it is done right. Sometimes during busy times there can be issues with not getting your food as quickly but that is what is expected. Sitting at the bar is also a prime spot with the large amount of TV's and a solid selection of draft beer. When it comes to their "craft" beers they are hit or miss. As a huge fan of a good beer I cant say I love BJ's brews but they also offer a decent other selection.

When it comes to food they are pretty solid all around. The "deep dish" pizza is good, i enjoy the BBQ and the pepperoni. You cant go wrong with any of the sandwiches or burgers they are all solid. During my last visit i enjoyed the wings as an appetizer and used the wing sause and ranch as a dipping sause for the crispy thin fries. Delicious! Best part about all the food i will say is the pizookie, i love the pizookie! you have to try it. 

Overall, BJ's is good a little bit pricey for what you get but they do a quality job on all the food and service and are fairly consistent in all their locations. Good place to go for a family dinner, beers with some friends, or just a place to go and have a decent meal.
Always reliably good.  Great beer selection as well as fabulous "bitch fizz" (ciders, etc.) and cocktails.  Their pizza is outstanding AND they have a healthy menu.  I generally steer clear of chains but this is an exception.
We eat here fairly often.

It is consistently good, and I like the variety.

I like the "house" beers as well, I am a fan of the Tatonka Stout.

The fish and chips are above average, and the size of the dish is large. My wife and I often split it.

The potato skins are good as well, nice large crispy potato skins with cheese and bacon. They are not soggy and shriveled like at some places (Fridays....)

I order the burger often, and it is above average. The crispy thin fries are excellent.

I have had a few friends eat the steaks here, and they both enjoyed them.

They have a strawberry shortcake like desert that is very, very good as well. 

All and all, a well rounded place to eat. It is also usually relaxed with an acceptable amount of noise, and many TVs if your dinner date is boring.
This place never disappoints.  Delicious veggie pizza.
I don't drink booze much these days so I can't speak for their beer etc. However their salads are great. The burgers are really good, the fish and chips are darn good for the valley, and so are their soups. The only thing I have had that I was disappointed in was the stuffed mushrooms. I would give five stars except the staff though friendly don't seem very organized, and often take rather long to check back (or at least that has been so with me).
The Menu here is great.  So much to choose from and its always good.  No mater which location we visit our service is always good and we never have to wait long to be seated.  The Jambalaya is a big favorite, and the pizza here is awesome.  I've also noticed that they have improved the drink menu quite a bit
Sat at the bar and had absolutely wonderful service. Boy does that make such a difference. Friendly and knowledgable without being intrusive. 

 We did happy hour. I had a flight of their house beers. Really liked their Hefeweizen; crisp and tasty. 

We had the wings buffalo style M with blue cheese sub for ranch. My wife didn't like them saying they were soggy. I thought they were ok but rather scrawny. They need larger ramekins to dip in too. 

I had the 5 meat deep dish and I was astonished how good it was. Really thick with the meat. 

Again bartenders Edith and Corey were outstanding. If we lived near by I would come back just for their service.
Awesome deal $19.95 dinner for two!!

The salads were good, the pizza was ok, and the dessert good too!

My husband went to picked up the food and he told me the people at the take out, weren't very kind.
First the good: I love the fact that as a business, BJ's supports groups like the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and is doing things in October for breast cancer awareness. I like that they have good seasonal brews - the pumpkin ale was quite tasty. They have a sizable menu - and the quality of the food is pretty darn good all around.

However. The quality of the service keeps us from making this place a regular stop. It's just so sporadic - sometimes it's all right and sometimes it's sub-par like today. We were greeted warmly, our server (Erica A) came quickly and when asked for an additional minute returned quickly to take our order. This is where it all fell apart. After taking our order, we saw her only once more before paying our check. I know our $25 order wasn't laden with lucrative alcohol - but no refills on water, showing disappointment when only one of us ordered more than water, having to flag a bus boy for silverware while our appetizer got cold, watching the manager watch the football game more than the service - it all just sours us from coming more frequently. 

It's a place that I'd like to come for happy hour post-work - but I just never feel good about suggesting it with the experiences we've had.
BJ's always has good food but the service is usually sub-par. This place would get 5 stars if they could just improve in that area. I like their salads, burgers, pizzas and they also have some pretty good lemonades.
Nice comfortable place, didn't eat this time just some drinks at the bar. Friendly service little steep on prices but would go back.
I went to Bj's when I lived in SF. I was excited to learn we had one in the north valley!

Nothing short of spectacular. Never had a problem here, food is always excellent, and if the food is ever late or ordered wrong, we're always compensated with something small like a free beer, desert, or that specific entree/app for free! Waitresses, waiters, and bussers are on there stuff. I recommend this place to friends who want something a little more upscale than Outback, or someone who wants something a little different than your old fashion pizza. You've got to try their cheeseburger pizza, it's astounding.
Well, I have been to this location twice now and both times the food has been excellent! I'm a Chicago pizza snob and I really did enjoy the thin crust with pepperoni & sausage - simple & delicious!

My only rub on this place is the service. 

Our first visit was horrible!! The place was more than half empty yet we still had to wait for 15 minutes for them to "clear a table" and then we had one server take our drink orders, then another shows up ten minutes after we got our drinks and proceeds to welcome us again & asks if we wants any drinks. WTF? Then we had a third server take our food order! It just made us dizzy and each one seemed more confused then the last.

The second visit was better however, I overheard the table next to us complain because they didn't get the extra garlic bread they ordered until the meal was done. It cracked me up when a server finally brings the bread when they are paying the bill and says "Do you still want this?"

So, good food - spotty service....place was packed on Friday night though.

Oh, I forgot to mention - a glass of house wine - house wine - I did say house wine right? 10.25!! Yikes! house wine!???!
Went for a late lunch and it was an excellent experience from entering to leaving. I had the Pot Roast sandwich and my wife, a Hamburger Patty Melt. Both were delicious, the service relaxed and a good value. Don't miss their brand of tap beer.
We went for dinner last night , Sarah, our waitress was amazing. We are at one of the BJ's restaurants weekly and we found Sarah to be the best waitress in our 4 year experience. Friendly, always keeping the drinks flowing, asked if we wanted our tea''s to go, understood their rewards program.  And as always the food was great. Always a great place you can count on for great food and always consistent.
The service is outstanding. I had the Cajun pasta and tortilla soup both very good. My wife had the baked potato which was better than most and a very fresh Caesar salad.
First time there and thought it was a decent sports bar type place. I had the Jalapeño Burger. The burger was juicy and above average tasting. I like the toppings and overall flavor, but the bun failed. It was too big and didn't hold up to the burger. Half way through the bottom pretty much disappeared and I was left with the crunchy top part. The skinny fries were very good. The light Thai salad was decent but way over dressed. Good and friendly server who quickly replaced our first order of fries after they came to us cold. He even brought an extra order with our meal. Overall, decent food, good service, but it felt like a soulless corporate place. I would go back but would rather try someplace with more soul and a more unique feel.
Good food, great service, reasonable prices.  

My only complaint is that, like many other places that THINK they serve Chicago-style deep-dish pizza, they don't.  What they claim is deep-dish is, in fact, just thick crust pizza - a loaf of bread with ingredients - far removed from what you get on Wabash Street in Chicago.   Chicago deep-dish is baked in a pan, but the crust is THIN.  It's the ingredients that make it a meal-on-a-slice.

 Did it taste good?  Yes.  Would I have it again?  Sure, it was flavorful.  But if you are expecting TRUE deep-dish pizza, this isn't it.
I don't typically give chains a 5 star review but we had an OUTSTANDING experience at this BJ's last weekend and here we are a week later and I'm still very pleased! We had a group of 12 people and from the time of reservation to the time we got our check we received 5 Star treatment all the way! 

The food was good, the service was EXCELLENT, and the overall experience was top notch! We will definitely be back!
We have been here a few times and the food and service are usually very good.  Can get crowded on weekends but worth waiting a bit to get a table.  The noise level is not too loud like some other places.  Didn't care for their specialty drinks but the beers are good and they have a nice selection.
We visited today for the first time and the food was very good. The Thai chicken wontons were fabulous. I had the turkey burger which was also very good. Others had salads and sandwiches and everyone was pleased.
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
I don't know what needs to be said specifically about BJ's. It's a classic American restaurant/brewery chain. The menu is solid all around, the service is outstanding, and the root beer is amazing.

If classic American cuisine is what you're craving and you're in the area, BJ's is not a bad choice by any means. Although the chicken fried steak was a bit chewy compared to my liking.
I often meet friends here because it is centrally located for us. I have been to this restaurant many times and am never disappointed. They provide an extensive menu for a variety of appetites. And while I'm not a big drinker, their cocktails and beers have been warmly received by my dining companions. I've also found each waiter I've met to be pleasant, friendly and attentive to our needs. The only complaint is that it gets very noisy and on weekend nights the parking can be a bit challenging. All in all, I like this place, and enjoy meeting up with friends there because the atmosphere, food and folks are great.
We ate here again on Sunday night.  The food is always good.  The baked potatoes are a solid 2-3 lbs!
Let's just say that the employees need to go through a re-training.  We get our food, and most of us are out of the water that we initially received.  We ask the server (not the waitress) for water, but it never comes.  Now we are completely out.  We grab another waitress - not ours because why would ours come back - and ask her for water.  10 minutes later she comes back - with one glass - for a party of 4!!!  We finally get our waitress to bring water.  She finally does - but no lemons this time.  I guess we are being punished.  Seriously, if employees have time to stand around talking, then they have time to grab pitchers of water and refill glasses.  

I know there is no money in water, but it's all about customer service.  We were all obviously done with eating, and had been for a while, and I catch our waitresses eye.  She says "oh, do you need something".  Yeah, like how about your take our plates, offer us dessert and our checks??!
We went to Bj's this past weekend we enjoyed our experience. First off I ordered a cream soda and I am now convinced that Bj's has the best cream soda out there, you gotta try it when you go. Our group shared a pizza it was very good, i would defiantly order it again. Our service was good, nothing to brag about but nothing to complain about either. We will defiantly be back!
What isn't there to love about BJ's?  The menu may take a few minutes to read if you don't know what you love there since it's large and has so many options - but I promise anyone can find something to eat here!

The Pzookies are to DIE for - get one.  If you don't, you'll wish you had.  Promise.
I first tried this place when they did a "test" meal prior to opening.  I wasn't impressed then and I'm not now.  The food is mediocre at best, the service not even that good.  Even the iced tea is awful.  And you could perish of thirst waiting for a drink refill.  I got a cobb salad, and it didn't even come with a roll, bread or cracker.  There are plenty of other places in the Desert Ridge area that deserve patronage.  Skip this one!
Typical BJs. Came to watch the cardinals game. 
Boyfriend loves their BBQ chicken deep dish pizza. We got the chicken wontons thai style. They were ok. Not great but not bad. 
Food is typical but they do do a great job with service.
I F*CKING LOVE BJ'S!  No pun intended. The restaurant is great too. The service is fantastic, but then again, who can say no to BJ's? The food is pretty damn good and the beer selection is awesome. Really though, I always feel treated right, the staff is awesome. The bar tenders are actually pretty cool and personable even when they're busy. Anyone who's read my reviews knows by now, that if it's a good review it's gonna be short and sweet, but my bad reviews are gonna be LONG and very descriptive. This place got the formula right. Great food, great atmosphere, great people, great beer, great desserts, terrible parking lot. The best places always have the worst parking lots.
My boyfriend decided that he wanted to have his 22nd birthday dinner at Bj's, it made sense because we were going to Dave and Busters afterwards. I called about four days in advance to make a reservation for 15 people at 8:15pm. I spoke with a manager and everything was worked out. We arrived a little early, around 8, and were told that our reservation had been changed to 8:30. This was unbeknownst to me which was irritating because they had my number on file and I had 15 hungry people showing up expecting to be seated at 8:15.

Well, unfortunately this was just the start of things! We didn't ACTUALLY sit down at 8:30, we didn't even get seated at 9! We sat down to eat dinner around 9:15, PERFECT! By this point most of us were tired and mostly just wanted to go home. Personally I didn't even care about the fact that I was hungry anymore. So they assigned two servers to our table because we were such a large party which made me happy, I thought that would mean better service oh boy was I wrong! Our drinks took 20 minutes to come out, seriously? So we all put our order in and instead of entering all of our orders AT ONE TIME in the computer our servers entered them at randomly different times so all of our food came out randomly. Now let me add that everyone in this party has either served or worked in the restaurant industry before and we all know that when there's two of you, bringing 15 people drinks and appetizers should NEVER take 20-30 minutes. Now as far as the food goes, EH. Mediocre at best. The Long Islands were ten dollars and they tasted like shit. I had a five dollar Mai Tai and it was probably the most delicious thing I had all night! The ONLY thing I can give them credit for is their spinach artichoke dip, that was heavenly.

Now we had all planned on leaving Bj's around 10:30 because Dave and Busters closes at one on Fridays. We didn't even get our checks until 11. SHOCKING. So we didn't end up walking out the front doors until 11:30. I was furious to say the least.

All in all, I would NEVER EVER EVER reccomend this place to ANYONE or EVER come back here again.
The food is unique & good. I have eaten there for lunch and dinner and it seems to be a popular place. My husband had a burger and I had the chicken salad. Good service and decent meals. I enjoyed seeing many of their dishes trying to infuse different flavors.
The food and service here are consistently good.  We've tried all kinds of dishes .  The food is above average for a casual restaurant, so I certainly can't complain.Great place to go for a casual meal!
I've always enjoyed this place...it's very clean, good vibe, reasonable prices...but tonight it took 10 minutes for us to get 2 drinks....I've been staring at them at the bar for 5 min.
Had a okay experience the first time. The food was about a 6 out of 10. The second time it was awful we asked to be seated in a both and the guy just wouldn't do it. He was very rude, guess he didn't want our business.
We have been to this location twice - once on New Years Eve (with a new trainee attempting to serve us) and years later for lunch.  First it hasn't changed with the horrible customer service.  The hostess avoids looking at me for about two minutes, then says, "Party of two?" and she points to the bar area to seat ourselves....We then seat ourselves, a waitress approaches us and we request water and menus  - we get those in a timely manner.  She then takes our order and we never see her again..... we sat there for at least 20 minutes with no other interaction from her.  We then go up to the hostess stand to do a courtesy notification that we are leaving because we have not received our order nor seen our waitress again and her reply is "Do you want to speak to a manager?"  Obviously, this is a problem here!  

DO NOT GO HERE - THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER CHOICES IN THE VALLEY!!!!!
Been to BJ's in Dallas and S Calf and decided to stop in here with the wife. We were told a 10-15 minute wait and the hostess was right on. For a Friday night, wow! We were seated and offered a beverage right away. We decided on the 2 for $35. I ordered Salmon, my wife ordered the Rib Eye. A little while later, Igor, our server told us there was an issue with a server error and another server took my wife's steak. It would be a few more minutes  before her steak would be ready but my salmon is ready now, do I want to wait? We said, no , bring out my salmon.  The steak was ready 5-7 minutes later. No big deal, but the manager came out to apologize and gave us a BJs Holiday Card worth at least $5. Great customer service and great meal. Igor, our server was great. Will be back.
Their food is delicious, and they have a pretty decent happy hour special too - with food and drinks.  We have tried a lot of what's on their menu, and the only thing that I think didn't have much to offer was the tilapia dinner.

The Buffalo Chicken pizza there is one of the best I've ever had, highly recommend ordering it.
So disappointed!!!  I used to love BJs restaurant.  Their food is no longer the great delicious quality that it used to be.  It was as if they received frozen prepared food in a box, microwaved it and served it.  Everything we ordered tasted stale or like a cheap thawed out frozen dinner.  Our waiter offered no resolution whatsoever and had a "so sad too bad" attitude stating that corporate changed some of their recipes and they had no control over it.  He also charged us full price for everything even though we ordered happy hour specials. We had to remind him that it was happy hour.  Never going back.
Reasonable HH in the bar area that is great for an after-work hangout. We ordered quite a few things off the specials and finished them all without complaints. In sum:

-California flatbread was tasty and completely made by the bacon. Toppings were not plentiful, but adequate and the HH portion was reasonably cut into 4 portions. Not bad for $4, but I wouldn't order the standard size. 
-Boneless buffalo wings were just as you'd expect. I like variations on other dishes, but don't mess with my buffalo. Good job on keeping it standard.
-Spinach-stuffed mushrooms (not on HH, but ~$5 for a small plate) were not my favorite. If you like lightly flavored 'shrooms, then great. I, however, expected more flavor and these were drab. 
-Avocado egg rolls were my favorite overall. Unique (at least to me!) and creamy, with a hint of spice that leaves you guessing what's going on in there.

Our waiter was great, non-intrusive (though we hung out for about 2 hours), and cute...so that's a win! My standard gin & soda was actually kinda strong...in a good way! Though BJ's did not blow me away, it's nice, comfortable food that is great for all folks. I'll be back to try some of their extensive menu offerings.
Great pizza and beer.  Enjoyed the spicy meatball pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza. Wonderful place to go grab a bite to eat. Good service.
Great service! Great food! I love dining here! I think their caesar salad is one of the best I've ever had in town. Their craft brews are on the hoppy side so if you are not into serious great tasting beer I'd suggest you stick to the mass-produced watered down beer for your drinking pleasure. Oh and there are plenty of televisions for sporting events.
I was very surprised by my visit tonight. This was not my first visit to BJ's. At our table of seven chairs, 4 of them were broken. This is a huge accident waiting to happen.   We started out our meal with the calamari appetizer. This was very good. No issues there.  Then with the meal, I ordered the margarita flat bread. I have ordered this before and loved it. Tonight was not the same. I think it had been sitting under the heat lamp for awhile before it was brought to the table. The last time I remember that it had more fresh basil on it, too. This time the basil didn't even cover the entire pizza and it was not very fresh. I couldn't even taste it. My daughter ordered the shrimp scampi. She asked for some grated Parmesan on it and they brought her some packets of Parmesan and told her they couldn't find the grater.  Really?  I am giving them 2 stars only because I know how good it can be ... how good it has been.  I don't know what is going on here but they need some serious attention from upper management to get it back to where it used to be starting with the broken chairs.
Always love coming here!  The staff has been great, and the food is pretty good. We don't normally have to wait long to be seated, and we enjoy the environment.  The fish and chips were definitely worth the Weight Watchers points and heartburn.  Yes... it was worth it.  I don't normally eat like that but I don't eat out a lot, so when I do, I endulge!
Ok, maybe only their pizza is good. Had their bruschetta small bites and gourmet Mac and cheese. Bruschetta bread was way too thick and nothing great. Mac and cheese - although "gourmet", I thought my nieces' Kraft Mac and cheese with their kids meal was better. My other friend agreed too. Ironic how the one thing that we adults liked the best was from the kids menu AND something we can make at home from the box itself!  Guess what I went to buy at the grocery store later that day?
They were so rude! Which doesn't bother me as bad as the poor food! I had the Alfredo and my chicken was cold. My sister had the chicken pasta and said her broccoli was almost frozen. Won't go here again!
Went here for a team lunch today.
Our server Alicia took really good care of us. We got a big table, got our drinks promptly and she was very patient with us. One of my team mates arrived later and she promptly took his order.

I like that they have an unsweetened flavored iced tea (tropical).
I had the lunch portion of lemon thyme chicken, minus the rice. We asked to have vegetables instead and I am pretty impressed with the variety of vegetables. We got carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, peppers and what seemed to be cubes of sweet potatoes. They were very good.

I do not come to BJ's often but I think every time it has been a good experience.
This was one of my worst restaurant experiences. We arrived at noon and waited for about 25 minutes for a table. We were seated and ordered. It tok until 1:45 until our food arrived. The order was incomplete and it took awhile to get a server to correct it. There were 4 in our party and we all ordered soup and salad which should be a staple so we couldn't imagine why it took so long. My wife's soup was cold and I got seriously ill with a GI upset. You can be sure that we won't be going to BJs again!!
This place used to be excellent, however their recent menu changes really show that they are not in touch with their customers. They do not make my two favorite items any longer. The garden medley salad with blackened salmon, and the margaritas flatbread. Not sure if I'll go back...
Horrible policy here.  I used the call ahead feature on a busy night and was told that the wait is 25 minutes, and my name was now on the list.  Sounds good, right?  I arrive 25 minutes later to check in and I'm told that I should expect to get a table in about 25-30 minutes.  What?!? This is insane and unlike most other places that have the call ahead feature. 

Minor mention:  the happy hour changed in the last year or so and several items are no longer discounted at all (like Mozz sticks), and the items that are discounted are presented on a separate menu that categorizes them by price (these apps for $7, these for $9, etc.)  This is a growing trend as places no longer want to clearly indicate half off, or a specified amount off, and want to try and redirect your attention away from how much you're actually saving by going to happy hour.
I knocked off a star because of one reason. Which is the slow service. I have only been here once but the service was bad. The 4 stars are for the great food I had to make up for it though. The food is great and so is the customer service although it can be slow. It is fairly priced and the quantity for what you pay for is good.
I wish this place was closer to home... Excellent food quality and consistently good service.  It is larger than it looks from the outside and has a completely open feel with high ceilings and a huge bar area.  Seems like it would be a fun place to hang with friends and it's also family-friendly; our kids love the menu!
BJs is a nationwide middle to higher restaurant chain with a focus on beer. They brew their own. This specific BJs has about 8 of them.

BJs has really wonderful service. The waiter was helpful, polite, and visited our table with the right amount of frequency.

We had spiced salmon and Mediterranean tacos. Both were very healthy, but not too filling. a cookies and cream pizookie (Pizookie is the BJs classic dessert- ice cream on a warm cookie bottom) at the end of the night was a great way to finish. it tasted great!
From BJ's website, "Our menu features BJ's own delicious, innovative spin on your favorite foods, including deep dish pizzas, salads, sandwiches, pastas, steaks, baby back ribs and so much more."  That's all true. Well, the delicious and innovative claims are debatable but they do have an extensive menu. Possibly too extensive.

The food is OK and much like that food you'll find at Yard House, Gordon Biersch, TGI Fridays, etc. Yes, they have their own "spin" but it's really not that much different.

Service has always been friendly. The food shows up quickly and I've never had to wait for a refill.  They really push their BJ's beer but they have a number of other beers on tap (ask for a Bud Light - go on, I dare you!).

Not a bad spot to grab lunch or dinner. Just don't expect to be blown away.
Came here for a late dinner. 

Juicy Moroccan Salmon with some fun nuts to join it. The stuffed mushroom appetizers also really delighted our mouths. 

Such a friendly waiter. 

Would definitely come back next time to try the beer.
I've eaten at other BJ's and wasn't too impressed. This location stands out for the service. From the moment we walked in, the staff were friendly and attentive. It is super kid friendly. The food came out quickly and was delicious. We also ordered takeout several times with excellent results. Overall, a solid chain restaurant.
3 & a half stars. First time at BJs & I'll probably go again. 

We got the corn fritters with bacon aioli & mini bruschetta for appetizers. The corn fritters were Delicious & the bruschetta was yummy too. 

My husband ordered the bison burger & I had the parmesan crusted chicken. Only one of my pieces of chicken had the sauce on it & overall it was pretty good but nothing I'd order again (kinda wishing I had gone with a pizza). Only had a bite of my husbands burger & from what I can remember it was good & he liked it. 

Lastly, we ordered the cookies & cream pizookie & that was just delicious!!
I came here with my family and what amazing service! I loved the flatbread pizzas you can't get any better! My wife and me shared a French dip and I've never had better. The horseradish sauce was really mild but that's why it was so good! I would deff recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a good meal! It's good for family or friends
Pretty good food. Reasonably priced for the great quality. Servers are considerate and nice and I've always had a great experience coming here. On weekends there can be a little bit of a wait, but that's expected for most sit-down restaurants. Definitely a fan(:
Stopped in to watch the NBA playoffs and grab a bite.

The restaurant has an older crowd... 

I ordered some mojitos but they tasted just like a citrus drink with no alcohol.. 

The Tanaka Stout was good.

Our waiter was staying on top of things... The food came out hot. 

BJ's is affordable, quick.. It did bother me that the cocktails were not good at all.
Lite tacos were actually pitas. Tasteless. My husband loves it as its a greasy food sports bar. But if I cant get a decent meal...even a basic salad or taco, they're dead to me.
I haven't been to a BJ's in a while so much has changed...for the better.  The menu is very large now and offers some really nice lunch options.  The lunch portions are very large and well priced.  I was pleasantly surprised as I have never been a real BJ's fan in the past but I would definitely come back.  The restaurant was cuter than I remember.  I had the the shrimp scampi and tomato and mozzarella salad lunch combo.  Both were very good.  The tropical ice tea is delicious as well.  Our server could have been friendlier and more attentive but it wasn't a problem.  Can't wait to come back and give it another try.
I've been here a handful of times and I've always been satisfied. 
only 1 time has my food come out wrong and the manager was very apologetic and and had the right dish out in no time. You can't go wrong with the flat bread pizza!
beer selection is good but the menu seems to be all over the place.  Their waitstaff tries very hard.  Bartender at the Peoria location is outstanding. Some of the small bites on the menu are good but the pizza is "over-Americanized", too fluffy, grease, too many toppings, a mouthful of yeast.
This place is awful! The service is disturbingly horrid! I will not be frequenting this establishment again! No Bueno!!!
JT Whitney's is a very good restaurant and brewpub. In a town where brewpubs abound, most JTW's beer stands out to me. The alt is very tasty, as is the porter. Great prices, too. I think a happy hour pint is $2.75 or something close to it. Some of the lighter beer is so-so, however. But that's not really my thing anyway. And they are one of the only establishments on the West side of Madison with a Golden Tee machine! The food is standard pub fare but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, too. I could do without the live music, though. The place really isn't set-up for it and it doesn't add anything to the atmosphere.
The BF and myself both took a vacation day last Friday (2.8.08) and decided on trekking up to Madison.  We both really need a change of scenery as the city/winter was getting to us.  I think we actually saw peeks of sun that day too!  On our way home, we stopped off here for some grub.  We literally had no expectations and I guess we didn't walk away overly impressed.  It was just there.  It really lacked character or something.  We were there for happy hour and they do have good prices on their brewskies.  Food was just ok...everything was beer battered!  Needless to say, I don't think we will be racing to go back there again the next time we are in the area.  I could see how te locals might like it, but overall was not impressed.
I would rate JT's a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.  It is the kind of brewpub that is more of a place for regulars and locals given it's location near Westgate Mall.  I've been a Mug Club member here for the last four years, which is a decent program they have where you buy an annual membership and get your own 25 oz. mug behind the bar.  Mondays & Thursdays are Mug Club days where the beer is cheap - $2.50 a mug.  To top it off, various days throughout the year are "Free Beer" days, where the first mug is free.  Not that I needed an excuse to drink on Tax Day, but it was nice.  There is also Thursday night poker, which a number of my friends attend.

The food is generally good.  I've worked my way through the menu over the years and I would say the sandwiches are the high point.  I especially enjoy the roast beef BLT, the jerk chicken and the eggplant parmesan.  I also enjoy the artichoke white 9" pizza.  The beer fries are decent depending on how soon you get them out of the fryer.  I always joke about getting the scotch egg but I've only followed through once - it probably took a year off my life.  The appetizers are good if you're looking for fried food to soak up the beer.  The beer fries plate is almost impossible to finish.  I really enjoy the beer pretzels - simple and delicious with spicy mustard, though I do rub off most of the salt.  Service can be hit or miss.  The bartenders can sometimes be distant and preoccupied with their friends, and I've had a couple of terrible experiences with certain waitstaff.  On the whole service is quick and friendly, but it can be somewhat unpleasant on an off night.

The beer selection is usually decent, but you have to know what you like coming into the place.  I would rank their Alt and Dark Alt as almost the best I've had in that particular subgenre.  I also enjoy the Rebellion Rye, Triple Treat, APA and Biere de Garde.  Some of the others are less impressive.  I've never been a fan of their weisse varieties or their lighter beers (Goldenshine, Koln Kolsch, etc.).  In comparing Madison brewpubs JT Whitney's isn't the best, but they're consistently good.
I love this place. This is exactly the kind of place I want to go to when I want to sit down, have a beer, and hang out with my friends. The beer selection is pretty good, although some are much better than others. I'd recommend having a sampler of six the first time you go to find out what you like, then stick with that. The food is very good as well. The last time I went I had the fish fry - the breading is different than normal, which is a good thing.
Meh...  is my opinion for this place at lunch time.  It's a bar, not a restaurant.  If it was dark and I had my beer goggles on I might have a different opinion.

They do have a soup and salad bar.  It looks quite small, but actually has a decent selection to choose from and good quality stuff.  Cheddar Beer soup was good.  I added some croutons from the salad bar, yum!
I hate to do this, but I've got to downgrade my previous review and say that JT's is just OK nowadays.  I'm still going there regularly after games and on Mug Club days but the last five or six times have been disappointing.  First and foremost gripe: they lost my damn mug!  What's the point of having a personalized mug when the bartender comes back with someone else's?  As my buddy put it: "It's like you're mowing some other dude's lawn."  Every time I mention it they've said they'll make me up a new one, but to no avail.  

Second gripe: new menu.  Over the years I've seen quite a few different menus but their previous incarnation was the best of them all.  They changed it up again earlier this year and in the process eliminated most of my favorites.  The one new item I was excited about, the catfish po' boy, ended up being over-seasoned two out of three times, leading me to give up on it.  

Third (and final) gripe: the service is slipping.  Now there were always times before where we didn't get the best service but the managers were always conciliatory and usually offered free drinks or something like that to make up for the mistakes.  But lately we've noticed that the new bartenders have a hell of a bad attitude and some of the servers are simply terrible.  An Egregious Example: we were seated in the back due to a larger than usual group.  The kid that seated us never sent a waitress, so I had to come up after 15 minutes.  The waitress then didn't come back for our drinks, so I had to go up to the bar for refills.  Then the food came out over 45 minutes after we ordered it, and one order was wrong.  To top things off, we were charged for both the wrong and corrected entree.  Wow!  Now this doesn't happen all the time, but the bad experiences are cropping up with more and more regularity.  Although it pains me to do it, JT's is now 3 stars and risks sliding lower.  I truly hope that 2009 brings an improvement.
The newest Gordon Biersch brewery. It's in Summerlin, which is an affluent suburb of Las Vegas (15-20 minutes from the Strip). This Gordon Biersch is pretty much exactly like every other Gordon Biersch, so I'm not gonna go into details. However, this is pretty darn cool for one reason - the patio. It's Vegas...it's 95 degrees at night....and you get to sit on an awesome patio, under some trees, look at palm trees and mountains in the distance, and have an ice cold beer. Really, I don't pretend to ask for anything more than that. As it's a really nice alternative to the gigantic Cheesecake Factory next door!
When this place first opened, I was stoked to see a San Diego based business follow me to Las Vegas.  But sadly, the food is average and so is the beer.  It's near my house, so I'll go every so often, but it has earned the nickname Garlic Biersch at my house for their tendency to put garlic on EVERYTHING!  The bar and patio are a cool hang-out spot, though.
My girlfriend and I have been to this particular Gordon Biersch twice now.  The second time, we asked for Monique, our server from our first visit. Yeah, she's that good. I even suggested to my girlfriend they should put Monique in charge of training. In general, the entrees are good quality and decent portions, though a bit pricey.  Clearly, it's all about the beer here...and the garlic fries. Nice desert sampler, too. I'm really quite satisfied with this restaurant. I think you will be too...as long as you ask for Monique. (P.S. My girlfriend didn't like the Ahi salad, but she asked me to intentionally not hold that against them). Beer enthusiasts will prefer Gordon Biersch (at either Las Vegas location) to Hofbrauhaus.  Having lived in Germany for 8 years myself, I personally prefer Gordon Biersch despite my cravings for Jaegerschnitzel. Monique might have something to do with it.  Or it could be the higher quality of beer.  Or it could be the immensely better service. Or...
It's been a over a decade since I've been to a Gordon Biersch restaurant / brewery. I remember GB as being one of the original regional micro-brewers in the United States.... you could say that GB started the trend towards micro-breweries.... and Garlic Fries.

I really don't remember anything about the Beer or the food at Gordon Biersch... except for the Garlic Fries, mainly because no other restaurant was serving Garlic Fries. The decor of the restaurant has not changed one iota. Restaurant tables and chairs stained in Euro medium-dark hues. Booths with back-to-back bench seating, with open sides. Hanging cylindrical-tube transluscent lamps that reminded me of Kona Grill lamps in color. Seems as if GB had not hired an Interior Decorator in a decade or so.

On the menu yesterday...

Weekly Burger Special (*** 1/2 $10.50) An item which changes weekly... This week's Burger was a half pound Burger inside a buttered Hamburger Bun with Peppercorn Cheese and an Aioli Mayo Spread. The Bun could have been a little stiffer, but the Beef Pattie was fried just right - Medium... you can't get it any rawer, something about local Health regulatioins. But, the Aioli was too liquidy. Came with a side of Garlic Fries (*** 1/2) ... you know you have to have some Garlic Fries when you dine at Gordon Biersch. Fries were slightly over-fried... but you definitely had Garlic and Parsley all over the Fries.

Sampler Beer Shots (*** $5.50) Six  3oz Shots of Gordon Biersch's "Famous Handcrafted Beers!"... lined up on a paper place mat... each shot glass is placed on it's proper circular trademark with a brief description of each Beer below that for your reading pleasure. Just a li'l teaser for your drinking pleasure. Consisted of the following yesterday...
   Golden Export (** 1/2) A smooth, refreshing lager, lightly hopped with a 
      dry finish. The demand was so high when it was first brewed in the 
      1870s that it was "exported" to other regions in Germany. Not bad.... 
      but light, kinda weak.
   Hefeweizen (* 1/2) A German-style wheat beer that is crisp and 
      refreshing. This light and sparkling Beer is known for it's signature 
      aroma that suggests Cloves and Bananas. Suggests! The Beer 
      shouts to the High Heavens of Cloves! Not my favorite... by a long 
      shot.
   Czech Pilsner (****) A Bohemian-style Pilsner, golden hued, medium 
      bodied, accented with the spicy hop character of the signature Saaz 
      hops, imported from the Czech Republic.
   Marzen (*** 1/2) A smooth, medium-bodied, auburn lager. Märzen 
      means "March" in German; it was named from the Bavarian tradition 
      that it is brewed during the month of March and stored in caves to be 
      consumed in warmer weather. It is a medium-hopped lager with a 
      mildly sweet nish.
   Schwarzbier (*) This lager's name literally means "black beer" in 
      German and although the color may traditionally suggest a heavier 
      body, ours boasts a light body with a chocolate nish. The Schwarzbier 
      has won a gold medal at the 2006 World Beer Cup and a gold medal 
      at the 2007 Great American Beer Festival. A wanna-be Guiness that 
      does not succeed.
   Seasonal Beer Selection (*** 1/2) Dunkelweizen is a seasonal beer, 
      brewed from March to June. "It's all about the malted wheat and yeast 
      in this beer," Gordon says. The roasted malt offsets some of the 
      banana, citrus and clove flavors, producing a sweet, rich and slightly 
      spicy brew that is both refreshing and nuanced. Before bottling, 
      Gordon Biersch's Weizens undergo five to six weeks of aging, which 
      intensifies the flavor and enhances the beers' unsurpassed 
      smoothness. Most other breweries do not exhibit such patience 
      when brewing wheat beers.  Not as dark as the Schwarzbier... one 
      drink and you're Sold.

As you see... a mixed bagof ratings.
Happy hour on the weekends is an even more special treat!  And Gordon Biersch on Rampart offers just that.  

* Pomegranate Mojito "Bacardi Limon Rum, fresh pomegranate juice, fresh mint and fresh squeezed lime juice" ($5) - Tasty drink, although not a whole lot of alcohol.

* Pint of Maibock ($3)

* Crispy Artichoke Hearts "topped with Parmesan and lemon aioli" ($5) - Yummy stuff, especially because you just don't see deep fried artichoke hearts everywhere.  Decent size too!

* Housemade Chips "Fresh, housemade chips topped with bleu cheese crumbles, scallions and smoked bacon" ($5) - The crumbles of cheese are definitely chunks and could be broken down more.  There's also a creamy something or other poured over it as well, wasn't sure what it was.

* Beer Battered Fish and Chips "with malt vinegar and Cajun remoulade.  Served with garlic fries." ($6) - The happy hour size is a  half portion, which is about two pieces of fish.  The Husband enjoyed it, enough to order another one.  And you just can't help but love their fries. 

We had a lot of fried food, although salads are also included in the happy hour specials. 

Service was okay, it wasn't busy at all on a Sunday evening on the patio.  The waitstaff is everywhere, or so it seems because it looks like they are handling tables everywhere.  We were looking for our waiter for awhile and it could be because he just had tables inside the bar too.

Happy hours are everyday from 4 pm to 7 pm, with reverse happy hour from 9 pm to closing.

All their food is $8 and under, which includes pizzas too.  Huge selection of drinks for their happy hour with all their specialty martinis, beer, etc. included.

3.5 stars.
Been to both GBs in Vegas but this one has a great neighborhood feel. My dad is a regular and I show my face a few times a month. Most the food is great, I order something different everything and haven't been disappointed yet, even with foods I feel iffy about ordering. Better maibach than the Hofbrauhaus near the strip GB, and a higher alc content too, 8 vs 7. 

Plenty of TVs around the bar and dining tables in the back, as well as large party rooms in the back which I have been in for a work xmas party. GB also worked for Mothers Day brunch, dinner with the girlfriend, and of course watching sports at the bar enjoying GB BEER!

Nice staff always friendly, usually get greeted by a manager or two. See bartenders around town off work sometimes too.

Warm decor nothing loud or clashy, comfortable and sometimes dimly lite and intimate towards the back.

0 complaints I always feel like there's a spot for me!

What stands out Garlic Fries, Seasonal beers, Staff, Long Happy Hours
(also they have a nice club card with member rewards)
My favorite of the LV locations!
We enjoy the happy hour here, for after work get togethers.
Can get really busy on the weekends so we don't come as often as we would like.
But these are some of my fav's~

Starters:
Tapas* roasted garlic, bruschetta, olive tapenade and hummus with herb
flatbread
Crispy artichoke Hearts* topped with Parmesan and lemon aioli
Salads:
Salmon Caesar Salad with Parmesan croutons
Hummus and Goat Cheese Salad* over warm herb flatbread with
Märzen Vinaigrette (add chicken or salmon and is a great entree)
Pizza:
Roasted Garlic & Chicken Pizza with a white sauce, roasted garlic, and
pulled chicken breast

Just heard about this: Can't wait to try on my next visit!!!!
Wasabe Sake-infused VODKA?!?!? YAY!!!!!
*****Homemade Bloody Mary  Our homemade Bloody Mary
mix with ABSOLuT PEPPAR Vodka or WASABÉ Saké-infused
Vodka*****
We can't figure out why this place is still even open. We had a group of 8 for dinner, expecting some fine dining. The waitress was sloooow and messed up our drink order. After i tasted my beer and realized it was wrong, the waitress just handed it over to my friend.  The food was fair but we've had better bar food. After complaining, we were issued coupons for credit. That was awesome that they did that but we went back numerous times and finally gave the coupons away. It wasn't even worth it for free.
Went for the first time to this restaurant 2 weeks ago for Happy Hour.. actually had not planned on it but the other restaurant we were planning on eating was packed and we did not feel like waiting. Anyhow... were seated right away and tried some of their house beers. Decent, but I'm not much of a micro-brew fan. We tried a number of items off the happy hour menu and were pleased with all of them. We had the tapas, the southwest egg rolls, the bbq pork sliders and the roasted garlic & chicken pizza. The southwest egg rolls were my personal favorite and had a lot of flavor. All in all it was a nice happy hour spot and we didnt' spend a fortune to eat well.
Gordon Biersch was a very respectable all-around meal with beer (!!!).

I had a Bison burger, well-seasoned on a nice bed of caramelized onions, served with garlic fries.  The fries were awesome, fries tossed in sauteed garlic with chopped parsley - yummy yummy.  The pizza was good too, it had a decent crust with a nice flavor of oregano. Dinner was matched with a generous mug of dark Winterfest beer, also quite enjoyable.

For dessert we had a slice of pumpkin cheese cake with cream cheese icing and bourbon honey sauce. 

All around a great meal. I would have given 4 stars if I was able to try more of the dishes.  Comparing to Kona Grill down the street:  I think the menu at Kona looks nicer, but I am always disappointed with the results.  Here at Gordon Biersch, I was delighted with everything that was set down before us!
What's not to love?
Yummy Garlic Fries (you HAVE to try them!!!!)  I really like their House Salad (Ranch dressing is good) and have asked them to make it a regular portion for me, and it was not a problem!

Sandwiches we get all the time:
-Roasted Turkey & Swiss (I get it on a baguette)
-Southwest Chicken Sandwich

Apps:
-Garlic Fries (of course!)
-Homemade Chips.  (If you like Bleu Cheese- then this is for you.)
-Tapas

Pizzas are all good.

They have a GREAT happy hour with apps & drinks.  

Service is always great.  

Have never been disappointed!
Decent beer, decent prices.  They have AWESOME happy hour specials that run from 5-7 and then again 9-closing which was 1am but the manager was trying to push us out at 12.  The waitress said at 11:45 it was last call.  Now I know I haven't lived in this city for awhile but last I checked there is no such thing as "last call" in Las Vegas.   

Either way we got several of the late night specials on the happy hour menu.  The house made chips w/blue cheese were so good I swear if I wasn't with 4 other people I may have licked the plate just sayin....

We also got the egg rolls and chicken wings they were good but probably wouldn't order again.  After those chips everything was compared to them though and they alone are worth the trip.  The artichoke hearts were delicious as well.  The beer we got was the Heifenweizer which is the first time I had their version of it.  It was very different, good but a taste I could not put my finger on.  
 
I think if your going to Gordon Biersch I would go to the one near downtown that one just has more going on and I don't think they close and have that foreign words I heard in Las Vegas 'last call'.
After not having Gordon Biersch for years (mainly in Aneheim and Pasadena), I decided to head over to the one in Vegas at Boca Park.

This one seemed a little more low-key than the others, but the food was fantastic.

The garlic fries are always a must have and they made them perfectly well here. I decided to order the Cajun Pasta, which had shrimp, sausage, and chicken and it was one of the best pastas I've ever had. Service was pretty good and overall, it was a great experience.
One of the few (only?) bar/restaurants in Summerlin that doesn't have video poker or smoking indoors. This does wonders for the vibe and atmosphere. GB is a relaxed, casual place that gets a good crowd for happy hour and weekends.

The happy hour crowd comes to take advantage of the great specials (from 5-7 and 9-close, I believe): $3 beers and $5 food. I've never thought GB's beer was the best in the world, but it's definitely respectable and a solid craft brew. 

In a town dominated by strip malls, wide streets and parking lots, GB's outdoor patio is about as good as it gets for al fresco dining or drinking. One upside is the generally good people-watching, though.
Went to this location to meet a colleague for a drink.  Had their Hefeweizen.....it was good.  Not the best I've ever had.  i would say this review is incomplete because I only had a drink at the bar.  The staff was pretty friendly, but I didn't have anything to eat and we only hung out at the bar.  I will visit this location again in the future and provide a more detailed review.
Can I have some more please?

This place was so good and so chill to just hangout in too. 

I thought it was pretty funny because there was a huge line of people waiting and they were even giving out buzzers, but I just went straight to the hostess, asked for a table for 4 and they sat us immediately. i seriously think I must've jacked someone's place. 

I guess the happy hour was only for the bar and patio, BUT since we asked our waiter about it, he secretly slipped us the happy hour menu. He told us to keep that a secret, so I'm not naming names. That guy was funny though. He did it all stealth status by telling my bf to open his big menu and slipping the small happy hour menu inside of that one. 

There were 3 of us and we weren't starving or anything, so we just decided to share the slider combo and calamari. 11 bucks for the combo and 7 bucks for the calamari. Oh how I love happy hour deals!

The calamari came out with marinara sauce. Mmm, like sex in my mouth, it was so good! I always love finding places with good calamari. 

The sliders and garlic fries were sexy! It was perfect because it came with 2 different sliders, 3 of each kind and there were 3 of us. So we each got 2 sliders and shared the garlic fries which was so garlicky delicious!

As we were finishing up our sliders, some other waitress came up and said "want some edamame?" I'm so happy we said yes because that was a serious garlic sex explosion in my mouth. OMG. I have never had garlic edamame! This is something I'll be sure to get everytime I come back because it was just soo tasty! Unfortunately they charged us for it which we didn't expect since she randomly dropped it off. We were under the impression they got the wrong order for another table and offered it to us for free. It's all good though because it was just to die for!

I can't wait to come back!
Shortly after we left the Cheesecake Factory (right next door), we came over to the Gordon Biersch for HH. I had the Carribean Margarita (which has Malibu rum) and some other drinks mixed into one. I can not even remember what was in the recipe but it was good. They added a little too much salt though. One of the girls had a lemon drop martini, one had another martini, and the last gal had a mojito... The waitress had told us that for HH, it was $5 for each of our drinks, $2 off for the wines, and $1 off of the beers. Thanks ladies for a wonderful night! To top the night off, we sat outdoors.. It was nice since the weather was just right and the scenery was nice as well.. Like the water fountain that wasn't too far had lighting in it that glowed.
This is our favorite happy hour spot, especially when it's cooler outside and you can sit on the patio with the heaters and fire going.

Happy Hour is 3-7PM and 9-CLOSE, in the bar and outside patio areas.  $1 off beer, $5 cocktails, and some appetizer deals.  Last night we ordered my go-to favorite GB beer- Marzen.  Always delicious.  We also got the Homemade Chips ($5; with bacon, blue cheese, some blue cheese sauce (we assumed), and green onions).  They were good, not great, but we ordered a side of blue cheese dressing and that bumped them up a notch.  Also ordered the pork sliders ($5 for 3 total with some onion straws/rings).  They were tasty, but again, not fabulous.  The onion straws were good, though a touch on the greasy side.

I LOVE the crispy artichoke hearts that they have, though they are not on the new happy hour menu, which is sad for me. :-(  Still enjoy our HH though.

Service was good.  Started out strong and then fizzled.  At 530PM on a thursday, the seats were pretty plentiful and it never got packed, but did fill in nicely as the night progressed.  Total came in around $34 (tip included).
Love the Czech pilsner.  Food is good some of the staff are great some are not.  Good crowd and great happy hour.
In Vegas, happy hours are a dime and dozen.  They have happy hour before dinner...happy hour after dinner.  Also labled as "reverse happy hour"

Took advantage of "reverse happy hour".  Calamari was pretty fresh, with crispy outside.  Nice kicked up marinara sauce to cover it.  Garlic fries ordered by tablemate were way overrated.  They were on the soggy side, but they were seasoned decently. Mai tai was disappointing.  Didn't have the right blend of mixings, and I won't excuse the fact that it was on the happy hour menu.  It still can be done right!

Huge facility, clean bathrooms.  Indoor seating with huge comfy booths.  Outdoor area with wire seating chairs, warming lights (in Vegas?), and little lanterns at each table.
One star for customer service, but -4 stars for poor food quality: do not order the "Kobe sliders." They are (or at least appear to be) pre-frozen, pre-cooked, brown hockey pucks of tough flavorless cheap meat. The mini-buns are worthless, as well. I think someone from Gordon Biersch needs to pay a visit to the slidinthru slider truck to get a hint on how sliders should be. And when you add "Kobe" to the title, even higher expectations are fostered. For $11? Seriously you guys. Get a clue. To the public - avoid these, and just stick with GB's normal steak burgers. They are good. 

GB Gen'l Mgmnt - take the sliders off the menu or do them right.
Totally not a fan of Gordon Biersch anymore.  I feel like their food has changed completely.  I now feel ill when I leave this place.  Sad.
3 stars for happy hour only. The $5 cocktails were exactly that...1/2 the alcohol for 1/2 the price. 

Garlic fries were good.

Potstickers and sliders tasted reconstituted.

Service was good.
Just got back from here. 'Twas a mini-reunion of sorts with two guys I used to work with at Circus Circus Adventuredome. Actually, we had planned to hit up Kona Grill's HH, but not finding a place to sit in the designated HH patio area, we headed over to Gordon Biersch.

It was OK. I enjoyed my two $5 Dragon Fruit Strawberry Mojitos. We also shared a Slider Combo and two orders of the Potato Chip Nachos. I wasn't blown away by the food, but we enjoyed it. We really just needed a venue for our catching up and their outside patio area served that purpose nicely. Also, it's starting to get chilly out, but their space heaters are very effective.
I don't know what it is about GB's Martzen, but it tears me up........in a good (or bad) way!! GB's microbrews are delicious and very strong! Be prepared!!

  Happy hour at GB is excellent and always busy as hell! If you've been in Vegas for more than a few years you can count on running into a few friends during happy hour at GB. 

  The food is always good at GB, but like so many other restaurants they've added some cheap ingredients to some of their signature dishes. One glaring example of cheapening their dishes is the gorgonzola salad with pecan crusted chicken. The greens originally used in this salad were a fresh spring mix. It was awesome for a while. Now the salad is made with iceberg lettuce. Needless to say, the taste of this dish has suffered significantly! 

  GB's happy hour bar food menu is still very good. The Rib Eye with bleu cheese is likewise, excellent! But, if you're going to GB, the beer is definately the star!!
The food is always okay, the service ok, and the the drinks okay.  It is close to my work and the spot we head to after outfitting the next generation of outdoor enthusiasts.
Dankashane Darling Dankashane! 

Great location and good food, Gordon Biersch is a decent spot to grab a micro brew and an appetizer with friends. The GB (Gordon Biersch) beers they have on tap have never disappointed me, but never really blown me away either. They have many other cocktails, but when you order a sweet cocktail at a place like this, expect little liquor and lots of sugar. For some that is just fine, but when I order a cocktail, I want to taste the spirits with every sip. 

The decor is nice here. There are many vintage prints on the wall with names like Campari, Bugatti, and some German products being featured. The bar has a few TVs, but this is not a sports bar. There are copper colored accents around the restaurant which ornament the wood trim. 

The food - Good stuff in general. The appetizer platter is a nice way to start the meal if you're with a group. I especially love the Asian wings, which have a sticky glaze, crisp breading, and sweet-chili flavor. The garlic fries are GAAAAARRRLIICTASTIC! They are delicious, but stay away from them if you plan on doing some kissing or close talking after dinner. Really nobody should be close talking anyways, its gross and people don't like it. 


I like this spot for a casual and relaxed bite, especially when I'm not trying to eat healthy. Yes you can eat healthy here but honestly, that isn't why you came, so just go for it. The gym will be waiting for you when you get up from your nap.
pretty decent HH. $5 cocktails, lots of cheap eats. came here with some friends after a concert. we shared the southwestern combo that was $11...it came with southwest eggrolls, bbq pork sliders, and garlic fries. we also got the crab and artichoke dip. the food was pretty tasty. i also ordered the firefly tea which was just the right amount of sweet/tea/alcohol. no matter where i am, every gordon biersch location is legit. its always good experience anytime i come here. =)
They have happy hour everyday!  Great place to meet up with friends for food and drinks.
Don't order the $5 cocktails, they are full of sugar and light on the alcohol.  The beers are great and the $5 appetizers are very tasty.  
I ordered the rosemary chicken flat-bread, yum!  The mini BBQ chicken pizza is delicious!  
Will be back.
Gordon Biersch is our go to Happy Hour location. I am not sure we have ever made it to the afternoon version but we are probably here at least once a month for the 9pm - close version. 

When the weather is right there is nothing better than sitting out on the patio enjoying the Tapa's Plate, Housemade Chips with Bescheml & Blue Cheese and the Pulled Pork Sliders and one of their signature mojito's. Of course the beer is what made GB famous and I have never had a bad one. Typically I will try whatever seasonal version they our pouring and then switch to the Marzen. 

At this location we have never had bad service and when you sit at the bar you can see your bartender pour your drink and I don't ever feel like he/she has a light hand when it comes to their pour.
Saturday lunch, extremely slow service. One hour 30 minutes and still waiting on salads.  Beer was fast.  Finally, a manager saw the look on my face. Someone short-staffed a Saturday lunch shift.  Customers get to pay twice.  The food is normally good.  Can't wait to find out.  Still waiting.  They took away my wilted salad and brought out everyone's at the same time, followed moments later by our lunches.  Way too many dishes on one table that was avoidable if their timing was right.  We were so hungry, we put salads with entries and made room.

Then came Tim, a manager.  He realized the goofs and comped our ticket for six.  I will always give a place another chance when they admit their mistakes and move to correct them.
Gordon Biersch is fantastic! I love coming here, the food is always great and the service is spectacular. I have eaten in both the dining area and the bar area and we are always greeted promptly and well taken care of even when it is insanely busy in there. The patio is great and you can't beat it during spring/summer nights. It can get busy in the bar area during happy hour and it is self seating in the bar so be prepared to cheat, lie, steal, or shank someone for a table or booth when one opens up. The happy hours are great too, tons of great apps and drinks for decent prices. I paid $6.75 for a happy hour Blue Moon at Roadrunner Saloon and the beers at GB are stronger, better, and $4 during happy hour. Piss of Roadrunner. I hate you. 

If you are in the mood for a nice dining experience they have a nice dining area, the service there is also impeccable. I have never had an issue with the service and the waiters are fun, witty, and good at their jobs. 

Okay, I have to get on my soapbox for a minute, I am a waiter in a nice family restaurant so as for these people complaining about the place closing. Gordon Biersch is not a 24 hour bar. It is more so a nicer RESTAURANT. You can't walk into a restaurant at 10pm on a weekday and bitch when you are told that they are closing soon or that it is happy hour food only. There is a last call at a restaurant. If you want to sit at a bar and drink all night go to Three Angry Wives down the road. I am pretty sure the hours at GB during the week are till about 11pm and 1am on weekends. I've been there one time when it was quite late and there were only a few other people in the restaurant we were told they were closing soon and only serving happy hour food. So instead of being a bitch about it and thinking that because it is Vegas that every place should bend to me and stay open 24 hours I went to an actual bar that was open and got some food and suds. Stop whining people, not everyone is here to serve you at 11pm. Would you walk into a BJ's and expect them to stay open past their closing time for you and your two friends only? Besides everyone knows that 30 minutes prior to closing your getting the shit food that has been sitting out waiting for last minute customers to stroll in. Common sense, please.
my review wasn't going to be stellar until I went a few more times...and had the sangria and lobster bisque!!! these are the business!!! omg. I have a hard time finding a place with lobster bisque that is not too pricy, but this place is it. Their drink menu is incredible!
The beer Sampler is a must and the appetizers are really good. This place has a great environment. Perfect for hanging out with friends or for a date.
Yes, Gordon Biersch is a chain but it's still good comfort food for beer lovers. Their selection of brews are awesome, and if you choose a favorite type (Lager, Stout, Amber) you're guaranteed to be drinking something you'll like. The food is absolutely delicious. My favorite for many years now has been the Blackened Mahi Mahi Sandwich, with a nice hearty piece of Mahi on a toasted bun, arugula lettuce if I'm not mistaken, and an awesome mayo spread. Appetizers are fantastic too, and we had the homemade potato chips with a bunch of toppings, such as bleu cheese, bacon, bleu cheese dressing, and scallions. The service at this location is great as well. We were seated within two minutes (for a party of 8) and both the server and the manager came by and took time to chat with us while we were making selections on the menu. I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit.
They have new menu for vegetarian and the vegetable pasta was great.  I asked to prepare on the lighter side and it's still very flavorful.  Service is amazing. The potstickers might have steamed couple minutes too long.  My friend ordered the pull pork sandwich and I could resist the french fried.
The BF and I came for Happy Hour and sat on the patio. 

We ordered

Mojitos- The BF wasnt very heavy on the alcohol on his classic, though my pomegranate elderflower had a good amount. 

Asian Trio- The eggrolls were okay, but a bit greasy. The shrimp was coated in a breading, but it wasn't crispy and they were room temperature when they got to the table. The potstickers were a weird consistency with a gumminess on the inside of the wrapper and the outside was fried yet it didn't give it any crispness...I can only tell it's fried by the bubbles created by oil on the wrapper but it wasn't left long enough to even get a golden color. It just all tasted and felt texturally like it was microwaved food. WTF?  

Hawaiian mini pizza- this was just alright, but it came hot and tasted like it was cooked and not microwaved. 

The service was friendly and attentive so nothing wrong with the service, but the food was just sad that it doesn't really make up for it. Kudos to our server for being really good at their job! The two stars are for them and zero for the food. 

I don't know how "off" of a day it was or if the cooks didn't care because it's late and they just want to leave...no matter-its still the job you signed up for.  It's not digesting very well either so it's the taste that keeps on giving. Ugh.. I should've gone elsewhere for dinner.
In a year that has so far been defined by culinary episodes of grand disappointment, Gordon Bierch doesn't fail to fail - in fact, it just may be the king of the worst.

A recent happy-hour visit to the Boca Park eatery had me doing something I almost never do -completely reject of the entire meal.

Along with my micro-brew selection, I ordered an Asian themed trio of appetizers, which featured Shrimp, Egg Rolls and Potstickers. After a small sampling of each of the three offerings, I was literally so disgusted that I pushed the plate away.

To begin with, there was no plate presentation. I likened it to walking through an art gallery, looking at blank walls. The Egg Rolls were cut at a bias (yea art) and the Potstickers were covered with a trail of Ponzu and Mustard Sauce (but we'll get to that later). Otherwise, there was not even a simple piece of Kale to offset the distinctively bland looking trio on a plain white plate.

Shrimp - by par the "best" offering of the three. The shrimp looked and tasted like boxed, frozen, breaded 40-60 sized shrimp that I think were prepared in a microwave. Even the delightfully refreshing Sweet Chili Sauce did little to detract from the bland taste and pasty bread coating.

Egg Rolls - I am not sure who "discovered" this specific recipe, but they should consider a career change immediately. The rolls were stuffed with chicken and some sort of brown sauce that one could not even distinguish what flavor it was suppose to add (or subtract) from the dish. Each bite was overwhelmingly dominated by an unsavory chalky taste and a not-at-all faint aroma of frying oil.

Potstickers - I would like to say I could tell you what the Potstickers tasted like, but the trail of Mustard Sauce was so powerful I could barely wash the taste from my mouth with the bitterness of my micro-brew. The sauce is extreme, to say the least, and could easily impart it flavor with as little as a drop on each Potsticker. Instead, the kitchen decided to drown each Potsticker with almost a teaspoon worth of this disgusting concoction. I wish I knew what the chef was trying to accomplish with his tragedy, but if you are unfortunate enough to try this one out for yourself, I can tell you a spoonful of the Sweet Chili sauce straight to the mouth will help in your recovery.

The only reason Gordon Bierch gets 2 stars instead of 1 is entirely due to the micro-brew Pilsner I had, it was admittedly pretty good.

Perhaps the best way to express how utterly disappointing Gordon Bierch is, would be tell you that, after I left, I went down the road to The Yard House in Red Rock where I was treated to two beautiful and savory works of culinary art from their happy-hour menu - at just about the same price.

Being a two star and not a one, I will dare to adventure again to this establishment for its micro-brew - and to give the chef one more chance.
This was my first visit to the Summerlin GB.  I have been to the Paradise location many times and never felt compelled to review it.  However, I had a very delicious Mahi-Mahi with pineapple, strawberry, mango salsa along with my favorite of the home brews-Marzen.  It just all came together as a great meal worthy of mention.  
I know they are noted for their garlic fries.  Honestly, I'm not a fan.  You get within 50 feet of the Paradise location and your sense of smell is bombarded with garlic.  That was not the case in Summerlin and I found my dinner and beer just tasted better.
I think this chain is highly over rated.  The menu is high priced, service is fair and food is ok.  However the garlic fries are a great choice and the beer on taps are plentiful.
Bottom line:  go for the beer and atmosphere, don't eat here.

I've eaten at the GB in DC and had high expectations of GB Las Vegas - but was very disappointed.  My friends had the pasta and red sauce and indicated that they could still taste the ketchup in the sauce.  Another friend had the tempura shrimp and chicken that was good in portion, but lacking in flavor.  I had the equivalent of chicken Marsala.  Portions were small - 3 pieces of chicken slightly bigger than a silver dollar and less than a quarter inch in thickness.  Complimenting the chicken was a scoop of potatoes and another helping of squash.  My dinner was small, lacked flavor and cost $29 - not including beer.  My buds and I were still hungry after 'dinner' so we went to BK to satisfy our hunger.

Beer was good.  GBs marzen is the closest brew I've found that rivals real German marzens.  

No kidding - save your money.  Go for the beer and atmosphere.  Have an appetizer, but don't go for dinner.
This is my first time at this location, I usually go to the paradise location, it's closer for me. But we just got out of a concert at Red Rock Resort, and wanted a quick bite to eat. 

Happy hour at Gordon Biersch! Score! 

I love their happy hour menu. So many choices from $5 martinis and mixed drinks to $11 combos of sliders, garlic fries, and other goodies. 

My friend and I shared one of their $11 combos. We got the one with 3 Kobe sliders, shredded BBQ pork sliders, and garlic fries.

I have to agree their garlic fries are delicious- onoliscious!!! I'm picky about my fries, and these were soft yet a bit crispy, garlic and parsley? that stuck to the fries. I hate it when the flavoring is dry and sticks to the bottom of the basket rather than the fries. 

The sliders were good, not the best I've had but they were pretty good. 

For us, we can usually eat a lot but we got full off of sharing this combo. 

We got lucky, cuz as soon as we sat down a guy that was leaving gave us his $5 off coupon. Score again! 

But even without the coupon the happy hr prices are really good. 

The service here was just okay, not rude but we had to wait longer than we should have for the check.
What I wished I knew before heading in; happy hour is from 4-7 and only applies to the patio, bar, and cocktail area. It explains why the whole back area was dead. Probably better that I didn't do happy hour anyways because it would egg me to drink and eat more than I need to. 

Sitting in the back was nice because it was away from the crowd and allowed for comfortable conversation. I had ordered the seafood cobb salad (13.95) with a side of tangy and miso vinaigrette. The salad itself was massive, coming in one of those large pho bowls. The toppings were generous except when it came to the actual seafood. There were three shrimp cut in half and a light sprinkling of thinly shredded crab meat. My friend's Kobe beef burger (13.95) was good. The meat was juicy and tender. The burger comes with the basic garnish so that it does not detract from the taste of the meat. Paired with the garlic fries, it is a fine meal. The fries were awesome; crispy and the garlic was not overbearing.  The beers are reasonable; five dollars for my Marzen and 5.50 for his summer seasonal. 

The service was attentive enough to where we got our waters refilled, but nothing more. In the end we left filled.
Came here for a late dinner on a Monday night last week. The food was good, but the service was VERY slow. I did try the seasonal beer, cant think of the name right now... something very tropical-ish, loved it. We also tried the pan seared potstickers as an app which were good. Shrimp-chicken combo. For dinner I had another item off the seasonal menu, jerk chicken tacos. Interesting concept, and quite tasty. The portion was big, enough for 2 meals for me. The beans and rice that came with were unremarkable.
Our go-to happy hour spot in Summerlin. Great drinks, great apps and great bartenders! I love how there is no video poker or smoking which makes it feel like the good old bars I'm used to in California. My boyfriend and I come here weekly to watch Giants games and get our happy hour fix. We've tried many, many, many other happy hours but nothing compares to our old faithful GB! With the Passport rewards points we get $80 gift cards after spending x amount of dollars here...which we would have spent regardless. All in all our favorite local hangout in Vegas!
You're not a true yelper until you've tried Gordon Biersch...

This amazing place delights you with all American food made-by-scratch. It's a must to go during Happy Hour: 

Happy Hour: 
Everyday from 3pm-7pm & 10pm-Close

Happy Hour Menu:
(Beverage Special)
$1 OFF All signature Gordon Biersch lagers & ales
$2 OFF All wine by glass
$5 All ultra premium cocktails

(Appetizer Special)
$5 EACH
Southwest egg rolls*
Tapas
Homemade chips
Potato chip nacho
Signature garlic fries*
Mini pizza: BBQ chicken, Pepperoni, Hawaiian, Veggie, & Fresh Mozzarella
BBQ pork sliders
Mediterranean flatbread
Rosemary chicken flatbread*
Fried shrimp w/sweet chile sauce*

$7 EACH
Quick fried calamari 
Shrimp & chicken pot stickers
Crab & artichoke dip*
Crab stuffed shrimp   

$11 EACH COMBO
(Southwest Combo)*
BBQ pork sliders
Southwest egg rolls
Signature garlic fries

(Slider Combo)
Kobe sliders
BBQ pork sliders
Signature garlic fries 

(Asian Fusion Combo)*
Southwest egg rolls
Fried shrimp w/sweet chill sauce
Shrimp & chicken pot stickers

Now that I've enlighten you with the Happy Hour Menu, please do take advantage & enjoy the very fresh ingredients & great quality of food that Gordon Biersch provides...

Location: Rampart BLVD & Charleston BLVD in Boca Park near Cheesecake Factory 

NOTE: All my favorites are marked w/a *

Enjoy, YELPERS!
I came here after work last week to have dinner with my sister, the food was really good and they have some nice specials.  There is a lot of seating in the bar area, including a few booths and high-top tables.  Our waitress was very helpful and explained the specials including in the happy hour specials.  I had the chicken tacos with mango salsa with strawberries, and rice and black beans on the side and a sommerbrau to wash it all down. The flavors were great and complimented each other.   Perfect!
Alongside with my last review...
This seems to be a common meeting place for our circle of friends, and it seems between the all of us, we try all of their draft beers. I love this, and I must say, their hefe, is breathtaking. I'd like one right now, lol
Again, lobster bisque amazing, great sangria with marinating fruit chunks!!  They do have a last call so...you've been warned.
We enjoyed the food but it wasn't hot and wasn't great! The waiter was the best part of our whole experience..
Nice atmosphere and the garlic fries were the best part of the meal cause they were fresh...
Their happy hour compared to neighbors Kona Grill and Brio is not good at all.  Expensive, greasy, and plain.

Do yourself a favor and takes 100 steps to the left!!  Kona all the way!!!
Gordon Biersch got that same feel as BJ's Brewery, Yardhouse.. Can't really go wrong with places like this. 

Never went wrong with this:

Gordon Biersch Cheeseburger and Garlic Fries: The 3/4 inch thick (10oz., USDA Choice Beef) Patty matched the diameter of buns with the perfect checker board grill marks and char, melted american cheese (doesn't quite stretch as wide as the patty), crisp veggies and toasted buns.. This my friends was a simple but perfectly satisfying all american burger! The Garlic Fries another hit! Nice balance of Garlic and some crunch from the fries, so good! 

Real Chill Ambiance, Great value, Many Many different Food Items ranging from Artichoke dip to Cajun fish tacos, a Fully stocked bar.. Service better than average. A great place for a casual date or a group of alcoholics!
Derek must be off his rocker. Expensive happy hour? A good percentage of the liquor in their specialty cocktails is premium. Most bars I've worked at charge roughly $12 for premium liquor to start, an extra $2 bump for rocks, martinis or doubles. I typically go for their margaritas, which are a double pour, and they're only $5 on happy hour. WINNING. I always have a pleasant head change after ponying up to the bar during happy hour or watching the game.
As for the food, I've always been a fan, even before I became more of a happy hour patron. When I do dinner here, tataki salad is awesome, pastas and steaks rock, and the side veggies always get destroyed. Long story short, I've never not left here feeling fat and happy.
As for the yelpers who wanna complain the the fried foor doesn't have a prettyu presentation... are you gonna mount it and hang it on your wall, or eat it? Seriously...
I can't ever recall the girl bartenders name that's usually working when we come in, all I know is she's a Chargers fan. Anyway, props to her, always above and beyond service. Love GB.
The service was incredibly slow and the waiter and bartenders ignored our group. 

I have eaten here once more before and did not have the best experience. I was reluctant to go back but my friends are new to the area and wanted to try it out.

The atmosphere is very nice though.
Food: really good although a little too much garlic for my taste. It might have been an off day, but every time we drive by I smell nothing but garlic. Wide selection and prepared well.

Price: good for the quality that comes on the plate.

Service: we went in during down time so we were literally waited on hand and foot.
I would give this Gordon Biersch 4 stars. Mind you this is based on the greatest hour of the day. Happy Hour! The drinks are cheap & the so is the food. You can't really go wrong with any of their appetizers. My one complaint would be that their hosting service is not
That great. To get a hold of My waiter/waitress can be pretty difficult
At times. Why is it so hard for a girl to ask for another round? Other than that, the food is delicious and still worth going! There appetizers are delicious!
Whaddya expect? Well, it's a good middle-level chain restaurant with a lot of noise and activity and decent food. If that's your thing, you'll find this place just fine. I like from time to time, but others better.
Gordon Biersch (Boca Park, Summerlin)

Gordon Birsch at this location is located in the beautiful Summerlin area, in the busy and classy Boca Park Plaza, where there are many other well-known restaurants. So, parking could be difficult at times. But there is valet parking just a few yards across the front door. It is definitely worth the effort getting there to enjoy your happy hour!

Like its beautiful, huge, sister establishment near the strip, this GB has the identical, famous Happy Hours (that runs 2X a day, 3-7pm and 9pm-closing!) with great German beers and tasty dishes starting at $5, and a fantatic staff who are efficient and exceptionally friendly!

Unlike its sister establishment, GB in Summelin has a very cozy bar counter, and only a few booths and bar tables, but it does have a charming patio (- heated with torches in the winter; cooled with mists in the hot summer)! Its serving crew is incredibly friendly and smart. Most of them recognize repeat customers and could even address them by name at times - making one feel like being in that Bar in the old TV series, "Cheers" (-OK, so I am old and nostalgic!)

- It's a great place to unwind and watch sports over a couple drinks, especially their vast selection of tasty German style beers!

By the way, please note that their "Seasonal Beers, which are NOT listed on the regular drinks menu, could have an usually higher alcohol content, so be sure to ask the barkeep of their alcohol contents, just in case you don't be OVERLY happy by surprise!

Peterskis
12/16/11
Great place for beer, OK place for food. 

People love to hang out here for happy hour. I've never been overly impressed with the food or the service. I go for the beers. But even then, I don't like over crowded restaurants. I'm only there for the drinks and to mingle with my group. 

The only good things I've had for food there are -

Calamari
Ahi Salad
Lobster and Shrimp Tacos 

Other than that, if you are looking for decent bar food, and good beer, go here.
Love the outdoor seating, always get the appetizers and a pint. Sliders are AMAZING!
i have been going to Biersch for a long time, and it really went downhill for a while and I think I even got food poisoning at the one on paradise.  However, lately it has been very good and one my go to lunch spots.  The pot stickers are the best i've had anywhere and the garlic fries are always great.  Most everything i've orderers there the last 2-3 years has been great and the SW Chicken Sandwich is always really good.  Try the happy hour for cheap drinks and apps too!
My first visit to Gordon Biersch was a pleasant one. I like the decor- comfortable seating, interesting things to look at. I like when restaurants are broken up into smaller spaces, like this one is. There's a raised section with booths, a bar with a flat screen TV, and a back area with a glassed in section with wi-fi (you have to pay to use that space).   Nice wood floors help create a warm atmosphere.

The meal I had was pretty good but nothing special: fish and fries. However, the garlic fries were definitely tasty.  The service was good, the prices all right. Bottom line: I'd come again and I'd recommend it to friends for an enjoyable time.
I had drinks with a friend the other night. The staff was super friendly. The bar area was pretty quite (the main dining room was closed when we were there). However, the bar did offer a limited late night dining menu and great happy hour drink specials. If you like mixed drinks, all the specialty cocktails are $5.00 11 to close. I tried a couple and they were all very delish.
Okay, okay. 

   I had to update because I had an amazing burger here. 
The Surf and Turf. I love seafood, and this burger has a nice thick beef patty with lobster meat, on. Top. Of. It. 
I've had it twice now, and I love it. I love seafood in general, and this burger hits the spot when I'm craving a good one.

We also had calmari, and stuffed shrimp. 
The calamari is good, I just wish it was a little more crispy. The wasabi sauce they give you with it is really good. 
The stuff shrimp was good, but not my favorite. 

Anyways, if you're looking for a new good burger, try the Surf and Turf.
GB's main attraction is their beer- it's the best in town and won't disappoint. Food is another story. It's inconsistent and sometimes overpriced. Happy Hour 7 days a week is nothing to overlook, and $5 martinis are more than worth it. Their loyalty club, Passport, is one of the best in town as well. The patio is great and the overall atmosphere is fun.
I don't know what happened to Gordon Biersch. I've been to this location before and I've enjoyed the food, drinks, and the service, but this time, I went for lunch on Saturday. The food and the drinks were terrible.

I ordered strawberry lemonade and I couldn't even drink it because it was too sour. It was like they forgot the sweet syrup for the lemonade. I offered it to everyone at my table who also agreed with me that it was extremely lemony, and it didn't taste like strawberry at all even though the color was correct.

I ordered a steak sandwich, and I asked for it medium. It came out completely rare. Parts of the steak were tough, greasy, and fatty. I really didn't enjoy that at all. 

I won't be coming back to Gordon Biersch anymore. Even their garlic fries seemed lackluster today.

The only thing that was good about my visit was the service. The manager came and asked us how everything was and thanked us for dining there. Our waiter was nice and attentive, and we were in and out very fast. We never had to wait for him to come around.
All I have to say is Shrimp and Lobster tacos are the shiznit! try them, they are good. Their specialty beers are blah...
The food here is great.  They have the best fish tacos in town.  The beer here is great too, if you like the german style beers.  The food is consistently great at lunch and dinner.

My complaint is that the service here is sub-par.  I have eaten/drank at the bar, the out-door area, and inside the restaurant.  The service is so incredibly slow.  You can literally sit and wait with an empty drink for 20 minutes before someone comes by to see if you need/want another drink, and then it might be another 10-20 minutes before they bring it to you.  It might just be me, but this really irritates me.  Especially when you can see the wait staff chatting with each other near the bar for 5-10 minutes while you are waiting.  

We decided to go to Grimaldi's instead.  It is the same parking lot, and they have the best Pizza I have ever eaten.  Their wait staff almost always approaches you before your drink is empty.
Ya'll already know....This is my spot!  I love this place!  pototoe chip nachos...Extra chees and jalapenos...Ohhh hell to the yea!  
I can't believe I missed on this menu...The Hummus salad..........SayyyyyyWhat...........Lots of hummus, you can have with our without meat.  I tried it with the salmon, it was ok.  I now order it with the grilled chicken...WOW!  I love , love love this salad, and they serve it with flat bread!
 Maibock is out right now, well for 1 more week!  Love that beer!
We came here for brunch, meeting up with my brother-in-law, who lives in town.  We came pretty early in the day, so the place wasn't that busy.  Which meant that our service was excellent.  Our server, Diane, kept on coming by to check on us and refill our drinks.  I ordered the Montecristo sandwich, which was served with a side of maple syrup.  While it may not sound good to many people, it was heaven to this sweet tooth!  

To counteract this, we ordered a side of garlic fries to share.  While many places do Garlic fries, Gordon Biersch has the best.  The fries were very hot and fresh, with just the right amount of garlic.  Often, places overwhelm this dish with garlic, but not Gordon Biersch.  If you ever grave garlic fries, come here.
My first visit here was nice.  Not overwhelming, but comfy and cosy.  Next few visits were kind of blah, as I didn't particularly enjoy the food.  My most recent visit was a couple of days ago and I had a lovely time, mainly because of the company, the well-done food, and the charming server (who called me "beautiful"....sure, that may be cheesy, but what woman doesn't appreciate being called beautiful?).

The menu doesn't feature anything exotic or out-of-the-ordinary, but you will find your comfort food and your bar food and a decent selection of brews.  I like the food at 4Peaks (in AZ) and YardHouse better, but Gordon Biersch is a viable alternative.
We are regulars and have tried several things on their menu!  I have yet to have anything that I don't like.  Also if you are a fan of brewry beer...good place to go.  The atmosphere is upbeat and the service has always been fast and friendly!  Great place for lunch/dinner or happy hour.  We have taken several friends and family here when they come to visit and no complaints!!!
All American food, the beer was great the Moroccan salmon was ok the white Rice was more like an oatmeal really bad! and the service was less than the average 
Since I had better past experience in this restaurant I'll be back
Went during happy hour. The drinks were amazing.. Pomegranate mojito!!! The food was good, and the waitress was on top of things and friendly!
The first time we went to Gordon Biersch was right after they opened, and we'd gone for Happy Hour.  That was before the economy tanked, and we had been spoiled by Kona Grill's HH offerings, which lamentably are now a ghost of its past glory (Bring back that Goat Cheese Pizza!!!).  Gordon just couldn't compare, so we never went back, that is, until we were invited for one of those "Listen to Our Spiel and We'll Serve You Dinner" events, held in the small private room wayyy in the back of the restaurant, even past the rest rooms.  Out the back door and we'd be on Lake Mead Blvd.

We had a choice of three items, preceded by a small Caesar salad:  Pasta Marinara, Chicken Teriyaki & Shrimp Tempura, and Chicken in Marzen sauce.  I ordered the chicken, having no idea what Marzen sauce was supposed to be - with an umlaut, no less - but I wasn't as smart as a friend of ours, who ordered it without any of the sauce, because that turned out to be a heavy, gloppy, pinkish concoction with mushrooms.  Hubby ordered the same thing.  It was served with garlic mashed and some soggy vegetables.

I realize that this dinner may not have been entirely representative of GB's usual fare, but it should be an enticement to get the patrons trapped for two full hours before a morsel of food was served (definitely NOT Gordon Biersch's doing, I'm sure) to want to come back and order from the regular menu.  Except for excellent service, nothing about the food will make my restaurant bucket list.
I've visited this Biersch location several times over the years, for varying reasons.   More often than not it was to relax on a Friday after a completing a long and strenuous week of formatting excel spreadsheets.  Their happy hour is good for beer.   There are several "speciality" cocktails which are available as happy hour specials but they are mostly very sweet, fruit based concoctions.  I'd much prefer to be able to just get a $5 jack and coke, but that's just me.   None of the happy hour food offerings are exactly groundbreaking fare, but most of it is tasty and a steal at the happy hour prices.  The best of those options to me are the Southwest Combo which comes with Pork sliders, southwest egg rolls and the famous garlic fries.  Also the tapas for $5 are a steal for the flatbread with hummus and some other dips/toppings.  None of the mediterranean restaurants around town should be shaking in their boots over the quality of this plate, but it was certainly better than I expected it to be when I ordered it.   

I've also been a few times for lunch, and the last time I went I tried the Moroccan salmon entree.   The salmon was well cooked and I really enjoyed the spices used in the preparation of it.   I tend to prefer my salmon to not be smothered in a lot of sauce or spices that mask the flavor of the fish itself, and this version pleased me in that respect.   I don't remember the price point but I did think it was maybe a few dollars too expensive especially during lunch (it wasn't on any special lunch menu), but ultimately it was worth it.

What sets this location of a chain that specializes in 3 star food IMO is the service.  95% of the time I've gone the service has been excellent.   Drinks are refilled quickly, and the waitresses are very friendly even when we're being loud and obnoxious after our 4th round of beers and asking for the channel to be changed on one of the many TVs around the bar area showing various sports.  And that basically sums up my happy hour needs in a nutshell.  Biersch succeeds
Gordon Biersch does not need any more positive press.  They are as crowded as can be during Happy Hour and when they have their tapping parties...both of which are good.

GB is an above average bar with an above average restaurant.  They have one of the better patios in the westside/summerlin  areas.

Their beer is okay.  I am a fan of the Marzen and their winter seasonal, the  Winterbock.  

The wait staff does a real good job and the managers are great at this location.

That being said GB is too popular/crowded for me, and doesn't offer quite enough quality beers on a regular basis for me to come here more.
I used to live in Palo Alto, home of the original Gordon Biersch, in the early 1990s, so my immediate association with Gordon Biersch was "obnoxious yuppies." But hey, I was in grad school then. 

The Las Vegas Gordon Biersch is really popular, so if you are going with a group, call ahead, or make a reservation, if they will let you. We were a party of 10 but they don't have a 10-top so were split between two tables outdoors. That said, their outdoor seating is nice and there was only one person smoking nearby (I am always surprised at people smoking in restaurants since I live in a smoke-free city).

I ordered the Heffeweisen, which was truly delicious and tasted like peaches. Very smooth going down. The mushroom and swiss burger was perfectly cooked to order and insanely delicious even without a bun. Even with cole slaw substituted for fries, the burger made a very filling meal. Other people at the table ordered ahi tacos and fish and chips, and seemed to be enjoying their food. The noise level was acceptable outside, so it seemed like a good place to come with a bunch of friends and be able to have a conversation.
My first visit to GB was at a happy hour (good value). I saw all the raves about the garlic fries here, so I tried the tapas and the garlic fries. The tapas was ok. The garlic fries were ok, if a bit soggy. Really, ravers about the garlic fries? Hmm. They were ok at best. That's just at the time of eating, never mind the aftermath. I totally love garlic, but these must've somehow had a powerful chemical reaction in me that caused really gross burps all night (the zombies and clowns weren't the only scary things at FrightDome that night!). Then when the garlicky farts started...ay carumba! Talk about gagsville! The next day, my husband called me Garlic Girl!  Maybe it was the combo of garlic fries with all the roasted garlic in the tapas. 

I'll give GB another go, especially at happy hour prices but will avoid all things garlicky. Or maybe I'll just go to Kona Grill or Cheesecake Factory instead. 

Summary: The service was good, the happy hour value was good. The food was meh.
Yum! Great food, great ambiance, I would reccommend this place to anyone. I would like to come back for happy hour, I've heard good things.
I would give it a 5 star because I truly love the food, but today the service was a little wack.  It all started when I called in to place a togo order and the lady that answered the phone was annoying.  She kept laughing, making it seem that she was not paying any attention to the orders I was giving her and she was paying more attention to the person next to her talking.  She kept asking me to repeat myself when I know I was talking extremely clear and even giving her the K for Kite talk.  When I arrived to pickup the food, the bartender who was the take out food gal kept calling me babe.  I do not think it is professional when you call a customer babe.  My last issue was when I was going through the food to make sure everything was there, I was missing one side of vegetables and the other side of vegetables  was only half full.  I have ordered the side of vegetables many many times and it has always been packed full.  In a calm and friendly voice I asked them to fill the container.  She gave me a "geez" kind of look and took the container back to the kitchen but within a few minutes the manager kindly came over and apologized for the lack of vegetables and assured me the problem was being taken care of.  
Besides my little setbacks, I love love love this place!  The salmon is cooked perfectly and side of vegetables are spiced just right!  The price for most of the menu is above $10, but well worth the great food you get!  
If you want to get a full meal but want to spend under $10, you can get a side of salmon for $5, a side of veggies for $2.95 and a side of rice and beans for $2.25.....Yo u might be the most annoying customer and the cheapest too but it works for me!
Call ahead for reservations!  We made last minute reservations (it was a Saturday night I think) just in case.  The hostess was so nice on the phone and expecting us when we got there.  

The service was good considering they were a little busy (not swamped, but there were several large parties that night).  

The food was really good and they have a kids' menu so even our little picky eater was able to find something suitable.  

Great place if you need a chill/casual date night.
Definitely, a 4.3 but i will round it down to a 4.

Walking in on a saturday night at 6pm, there was surprisingly not much of a wait. Maybe ten minutes. We requested for a booth, which is why we had a bit of a wait.

My husband and step dad headed to the bar to get a couple beers. Marzen was the name if I remember correctly.

We were seated towards the middle, with a waiter named Scott. He was very personable and friendly. He opened up to us about how our 2 year old daughter reminded him of his daughter who is 15 months. Instantly our daughter gravitated to him and his warm personality. He asked if we wanted something for her to munch on while we waited. YES! Please!

While waiting to pick out our meals, Scott brought my daughter a big bowl of fruit filled with grapes, cantalope, melon, and pineapple. She loved it. Kept her entertained too.

After looking at the large menu, we decided to start with an app, calamari. I loved it. YUM. It came with two sauces. A regular red marinara, and then a different tarter lemony, mustardy sauce. It was great. Very unusual. Never had that with calamari before.

As our meals, I ordered the lobster mac n cheese. ($20) It was very light, buttery and refreshing. There was plenty of lobster, in small bite sized pieces. Cooked to perfection. Ive had it in pasta before and always found it over cooked. The shrimp was delicious and a nice pair. It was usual because it came with bow tie pasta instead of the usual macaroni. A nice change. It was a good sized mount, but after eating a bit of the app i could only finish half. My step dad and husband had no problem finishing off the rest.

My step dad and husband got the steak. ($22) Dad got it with veggie and mash potatoes. Hubby got it with fruit and garlic fries. I certainly made sure to try a bit of everything they had. The mash potatoes were full of garlic and potato skins. YUCK, i hate skins. The garlic fries were very tasty and very well seasoned. The steak on both, were cooked to perfection. My step dads was medium rare and extremely tender. I made sure to go back for second bites on that. The veggies were a type of medley, of zucchini and carrots. I noticed the portions were a little smaller than i expected

My daughter got the mac n cheese with fruit and asked for an extra side, which was french fries. ($5) Scott had no problem giving us a second side for no extra charge. Sweet! Her mac n cheese tasted just like the kraft type, which is her favorite. French fries were medium sliced.

All the food came out piping hot which is a very nice change to some of the restaurant Ive been to before. I actually burned my tongue on my lobster/shrimp pasta. 

For dessert we ordered, the apple cinnamon bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream AND their brownie and ice cream drizzled with carmel and chocolate sauce. Both were barely warm, almost cold but they were still really good. It took 20 minutes for our desserts, which was ridiculous. Thank goodness my daughter was preoccupied with crayons and the guys were busy with the football game on the tv. I'm sure they would have been the highlight of our meals had they been hot. The waiter Scoot apologized and took both desserts off our bill and said he was sorry everything took so long because the kitchen was backed up. 

other than a few bumps in the road the customer service was outstanding and the food was very good. We def will be coming back.
Excellent service. Superior food. Fabulous beer. We love this place, and this experience sealed the deal. 

We were there for a friend's birthday party. The waitstaff (our waiter in particular) was positively the best I've ever experienced - bar none. Yes, I'm actually gushing. One guy to take care of our party of 10+ and he didn't miss a beat, didn't drop an order, kept us hydrated, and even joked with the kids. He and several others brought in the cake (that we brought from Costco), lit candles and led us in singing. He helped serve it, and even packaged it when we had more than half left over (we told them to share as much as they wanted with the staff).

Plus, the food - OMG! I shared an ahi appetizer, which led to me getting the lobster bisque (holy handbaskets, I died and went to heaven), then ordering the seared tuna dinner. The prices are not as high as you'd expect for this level of cuisine.

We went to the GB on Maryland for my birthday in November, and had a lovely time then, too. This one is our favorite, though.
Best Happy Hour Around PERIOD. The food specials are yummers and the beers are huge. What more could you ask for?? I tried the Warm Apple Bread Pudding the other night and HOLY MOLY! it was SOO good. Warm apples, sweet caramel and bread pudding. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! (I seriously have a fat kid living in me trying to break free). YOU MUST TRY IT!
Good beer. Interesting pizza. Solid choice.
Stopped by this GB too late for happy hour, but I was super hungry, so I was ready to get my eat on. I was perusing the menu when WHAT'S THIS?? They have a blue cheeseburger!! It was a Kobe blue cheeseburger I might add! It was called the Kobe Black & Blue and so my decision was made right then and there! I paired it was the seasonal brew, but I cannot remember what it's called! It was the strong ale. Anywho, the burger came with a knife shoved right in the middle! It was pretty funny. Nevertheless, I pulled it out and proceeded to eat the burger as delivered and not cut down into little lady like pieces. It was a nice thick patty that was relatively juicy. All in all it was a good burger. I just wish it had MORE blue cheese. In my book, you can really never have too much. My dining partner had the Kobe cheeseburger with a fried egg. Is that a Vegas thing? I've never seen soo many fried eggs on burgers before! HAHA! Anyways, good dining experience, but I **THINK** the Kobe burgers are a test out. I don't know if they are on the permanent GB menu (just my instinct, no one actually said this). I've never seen them on the menu before. I do believe the search continues! Next stop: The Cheesecake Factory's Blue Cheese B.L.T Burger!
Great happy hour. I met a friend last minute for happy hour a few weeks ago and based on a past experience over a year ago, we decided to go back. The wine selection and happy hour appetizers were really good and well priced. Our service was excellent too. The waitress had a great personality and even made me laugh. Tough to come by these days so i appreciated that. Wish i got her name. I'd go back again.
I recently went to this location, after work, with two co-workers to partake in the Happy Hour promotions that they run.

We went in and the hostess brought us around the bar area to the dining room.  Now, ordinarily (especially in Las Vegas) most establishments won't honor their Happy Hour specials outside of the bar area, so when we got to our table I asked the hostess if we could still get Happy Hour specials in the dining room.  She was rude and seemed a annoyed that I was asking her that question.  She said she thought we could and I reiterated that most places don't allow that.  She then sarcastically replied that I would have to speak with our server.

Ok, so our hostess wasn't actually interested in being cordial, whatever.  Our server arrived and informed us that we COULD get Happy Hour prices and we ordered drinks and several appetizers.  One thing I liked about this place was that if you order a Red Bull/Vodka (which wasn't included in the Happy Hour cost), they give you the remainder of the Red Bull in the can and our server instructed me to just order a Happy Hour vodka and mix it myself.  I like when an establishment thinks of me and my wallet before their final bill total.

All in all, the food was good and the drinks were good, but the service had room for improvement.  However, I will say that we ordered one of our items, the pototo chip nachos, and it didn't have enough cheese on it.  The manager made his rounds to inquire about everyone's evening and when he stopped at out table, one of the girls pointed it out to him.  He immediately took the entire dish back to the kitchen and had them add more cheese to it.  That just sat well with me.

I'll more than likely be back, but I'll plan for it to be on a more leisurely weekday and hope that the OVERALL customer service is better.
Even without comparing this location to the other (and the lesser) in the valley, I have to say that the level of service, quality and timeliness of food (not to mention presentation and attention to detail!) is impeccable. Every time. 

The outdoor seating area (often neglected at other restaurants) is always clean, and my wife and I love sitting out by the fire with our dog. The staff (3 times, unprovoked) has asked if we would like a small tray of water for the dog. Above and beyond, each and every time. 

The bartenders, Heather in particular, are super friendly, always accommodating, and always willing to chat without being invasive. Never a bad experience here.
Good happy hour food and drink options.  The food was well prepared and tasty.  The waiter was overloaded so the service was lacking.  Also, he wasn't up on the menu so I had to send back an order that included ingredients he didn't tell me about.
My wife and I went to this restaurant a week and a half ago for one last dinner in Vegas.  I had a delicious burger with a beer and my wife had a chicken dish.  We also shared a calimari appetizer before we got our main courses.  The venue was stylishly decorated and the food was very succulent.  The only drawback was a slightly messy table when we first came in (just a few crumbs) and also the waiters seemed to take a long time for a slow night.  The place was partially filled so unless the crew was vastly understaffed there would be no reason for the food/extra orders to take so long.  So for those minor reasons they get 4/5 stars.  The chocolate melting cake is to die for... Otherwise, good place to go!
I wonder what philanthropic endeavors GB champions. I would like to see a nice donation to Three Square myself.
I'm a HUGE FAN of this restaurant. The food is always delicious, the services is amazing and I just love the whole experience when I dine there. Their new lemon cake with white chocolate mousse and blueberry sauce is to die for. You have to try it if you go there! Andrew and Scott are super nice and always give me a GREAT service. Make sure to meet Tim the manager, he's really nice.
Very good food and decent micro beers. The restaurant wasn't busy at all due to the time of the day and of course the service was excellent. Had the Kobe sliders and an order of the garlic fries. Definitely worth a stop to check out.
Dog friendly times ten! I am a regular at this restaurant for their Happy Hour specials, which they have every single day. I like that the patio is open seating and you can sit wherever you like. I never have a wait time when I go to this restaurant (even on Mother's Day!). 

Their pet policy is that dogs are welcome as long as they don't cause a problem. My dog is very relaxed, so I'm lucky, but they go above and beyond to make even his experience pleasant. He gets his plastic cup of water and the passer-by's stop to tell him how cute he is and pet him as he sits on the ledge of the patio. 

It really is the perfect spot for a weekly Happy Hour where you can relax and enjoy the Vegas weather. 

The San Francisco lemonade mixed drink is phenomenal but he sangria martini had WAYY too much sour.  Typically their drinks are spot on and I'm always a fan of the $5 mixed drink specials.

As for appetizers, the baja tacos (in fish or steak) are super good and I get them every time I'm there. Occasionally, I'll get another appetizer dish and so far the only appetizer I was unhappy with were the potstickers.

There can be a bit of a lag time when it comes to the servers, but their fantastic service more than makes up for the wait. Kudos to the management and the staff!
Love this place. Great Service, Great Food, and the atmosphere is always enjoyable. Try the Kobe Burger its the best! Great place to catch a game!
Beers: the Märzen wasn't bad;  flavor was ok, falls flat pretty quickly.  I tried a taste of the SommerBrau; not a fan, too light and floral for my tastes.  

Food was good.  I ordered the crab artichoke dip.  The dip was good but the toast points were a bit stale.  I had a chicken avocado sandwich; delicious

Our server was great, VERY attentive.

I wouldn't be opposed to going back, hopefully they will have the IPA on tap next time.
Favorite restaurant in Vegas!

I know it's a chain but it's just so good. My wife and I have eaten here dozens of times in the past year or so and never seem to get sick of it. Their menu is large and diverse enough that there's always something for whatever mood you are in. The food is always fresh and delicious, and the draft beer is out of this world. The Peach Tea is also refreshing on a hot day.

Favorite menu items---Southwest Eggroll Appetizer, Chicken Sandwich with sliced avocados, Flat Iron Steak, TACOS!!!
Awesome food, friendly staff, and really good beer. What else could you want from a restaurant?
Decided to try this place for after dinner drinks with wifey. They have a good selection of brews and an overall cool place to hang out.  Didn't have a chance to check out the food menu. Place is worth a visit for drinks or just hanging out.
My family loves this location. We go for happy hour on Saturday every week and sit on the patio. We can enjoy drinks, tapas, or whatever we feel like. We relax, our child has a good time. The staff is awesome. My husband goes for the beers, has his favorites, and enjoys them. I am more of a $5 premium cocktail girl. You cannot beat those deals on happy hours. The passport rewards card is also a huge benefit. The servers will offer or give one. We have already racked up tons of rewards. We usually eat some happy hour apps to share, have salads, or flatbreads. Good way for a light cheap dinner and cheap cocktails. We haven't tried it at other times in years so this review is just for the past several Saturdays for the past few months. The manager is a nice lady too. Very attentive to our child.
Pepper jack lobster and shrimp tacos blue corn tortilia black beans and rice, very cold beer! Good service.
GLUTEN FREE AT GB

Having a gluten and grain allergy, it is difficult to find a restaurant where I can eat and not get sick. Today, my husband and I had an awesome lunch at Gordon Biersch without me having any symptoms of cross contamination (which trust me, I feel immediately).  I was hesitant to even try this place as they didn't have a dedicated gluten free menu; however, when we walked in the manager-- Matt-- was very knowledgeable about gluten and assured me he could help me find things on the menu.  After Matt sat us, he spent time comparing an allergy menu to the regular menu.  He was awesomely patient going through ingredients, etc.  I decided on a caesar salad with  warm grilled chicken.  After he took our orders and explained them to our waitress, he went back to the kitchen to make sure the staff understood the precautions.  My husband had a salad too, and although his was not gluten free he said it was equally as fresh and delicious.  When we had finished our meal, Matt even came back to check on us and make sure everything was okay.  I highly recommend GB on Rampart whether you have a food allergy or not!  Their attention to detail and obvious care for customers was admirable.

ADDENDUM:

My husband and I went back to GB last evening, and the evening crew definitely didn't have gluten knowledge down like the servers/manager (Matt) from the day crew.  The waitress thought gluten was in oil (???), and she told me that the entire meal I ate the day before was "definitely not gluten free!"  For a split second I hoped for a gluten miracle; had I been cured of my celiac?...Very doubtful, and  so when I heard that comment, I asked for the manager, Amanda, to help.  While Amanda was very nice and totally willing to assist, I had to prompt her to get allergen book that Manager Matt had shown us the day before in helping me to find gluten/wheat free food.  Amanda admitted she was not totally aware of allergens, which I found odd for a manager of a restaurant who also admitted that there are "so many gluten allergies these days."  We went through the allergen book and I ordered the exact same thing I had the day before--caesar salad with  warm grilled chicken. I asked her to instruct the kitchen to change gloves, use new bowls, etc. to avoid cross contamination (something that Manager Matt brought up before I could).  By that time, the waitress was totally into this and she monitored the kitchen to make sure those directions were followed....And, I lived.  

Moral of the story: If you have an allergy to anything, you still have to be a self advocate.  At  least at GB, you can ask for the allergen book, figure it out yourself, and survive to write about it the next day.
I came in for lunch, sat at the bar, was carded for my club soda and felt like I was invisible because I wasn't ordering proper drinks with my food. It was ok bar food at great happy hour price. Nothing really to race about though.
Came here to eat for my best friends graduation dinner. We had a very large party but were seated very quickly (with no reservations). 

Service was good. Drinks were refilled quickly and our server seemed to always be around if we needed to ask for something.

Food:

I ordered the Cajun pasta and a side of garlic fries (you can't come to gordon biersch and not order some garlic fries). The fries were amazing, of course. But I was very disappointed in my pasta. It had a really weird powdery taste. My best friend tasted it and she said it must have been the type of seasoning/spice they used. I ate a few bites, but just gave up and gorged on my fries. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food and we all had a good time so I wasn't too unhappy.
A friend took me to lunch here to thank me for helping her unpack her house.  Started with a Marzen and some "legendary" garlic fries.  The fries were good but didn't live up to the hype.  Then we moved on to several different appetizers.  Fish tacos - delish.  Mediterranean Nachos  - pretty ok.  Filet Minion slider - very very good (love the onions) Blue Crab/Artichoke Dip - HOLD THE PHONE!  This was heaven on a piece of toast and I seriously thought I might have to choke my friend out if she kept shoveling it in her mouth.  Good news, we are still friends but agreed we will be ordering our own next time.  Oh yeah, after my second Marzen I had a wonderful buzz and a great afternoon nap.  Will be returning!!  The only "eh" I have is the price but I'm poor.  Also heard some rumblings about having your own beer locker there to store a special mug that gets you discounted beer.  Will be looking into this when I have the funds.
If I could give it a lesser grade I would. First off,their artichoke dip feels like air, second their Gorgonzola topped Rib-eye was actually Gorgonzola BUTTER. Very greasy. And the stuffed chicken is fried, which nowhere on the menu does it mention that. Terrible food, very misleading.
Happy Hour! I'm a huge fan of happy hour and Gordon Biersch has a pretty good one. $5 Specialty cocktails (I'm partial to the Kentucky Peach Punch) $5 apps and $1 OFF GB brews. The seasonal right now is the Festbier. It's their version of Oktoberfest Beer. An amber with a "toasted maltiness and German Hersbrucker hops." It's pretty good at about 5% abv. 

The veggie pizza is my favorite $5 appetizer but the tapas with flatbread and garlic fries are decent snack options too. The baja tacos with sauteed fish are a good, shareable choice as well. It's a serving of 4 tacos for $7 during happy hour. 

The service in the bar area is usually great. If it gets crowded it can be a little slow but it's never been bad. I used to sit outside on the patio. I usually really enjoy dining alfresco but....I don't get very good service on the patio. It really shouldn't matter where you chose to sit but, I assure you, it does. I feel neglected when I'm out there so I tried sitting in the bar and it worked wonders. 

As chain restaurants go, this one is a pretty good option. If I could throw in a half star for the brewery I'd give this location a solid 3.5.
I attended a business luncheon in the meeting room in the back. I ordered a Chicken Cashew Salad. It was really tasty but seemed like the portion was quite dainty. Perhaps they were telling me I didn't look hungry or maybe that I didn't need the calories..... Either way, I was still a little hungry by the time I had finished scraping the plate. In addition, two of the folks who ordered burgers didn't get them until everyone else was nearly done eating and it was a fixed menu. In fairness, there were about 20 or so people there and the server made sure our beverages were plentiful.
Decent happy hour prices... The fried artichoke hearts were good!!! My steak medallions were good but dry. Garlic fries are amazing!!! The one complaint I have is the customer service was absolutely horrible... Traci would rather do shots with the guests at the bar than refill waters, sodas or bring condiments for our entrees. I am a manager and have done every other job in a restaurant. Customer service is a huge part of where my fiancé and I choose to eat. It took 10 minutes to get our check after clearing our plates and refusing desert. The check was wrong which took another 10-15 minutes. Being this was my first time here I'll probably never go back!!!
Great service and delicious food. The food never disappoints. This time I tried their veggie burger made out of beans with sweet potato fries. It was amazing!
I went to GB on Sunday to watch football with some buddies.  The happy hour is fantastic.  There are lots of things to eat and good prices on beer.  I had the slider sampler, which is a steal at $11.  You get 3 pulled pork sliders with cole slaw and 3 burger sliders with pickles and what appeared to be a mayo based sauce that had a little kick to it.  They are served with a good portion of their garlic fries, crispy and the taste of fresh garlic and herbs is heavy, which is a good thing.  I can see why the garlic fries have a solid reputation.  

I'd say the food overall deserved 3 stars.  But, the comfort of the bar and the service bumps this place up to 4 stars.  Fantastic place to watch games, several TVs and if you are sitting at the bar, you can see more than 1 TV easily, so if your game is not on directly in front of you, it's not an issue.  It's a drive for me, but I'll return.
Overrated. Avoid.

Gordon Biersch has always erected serious barriers to entry to drink their "pretty good" beers. Most notably the fact that they eschewed the chance to have either a reasonably priced comfort food brewpub or a justified high-end gastropub and just went with big prices and mediocre food. Regardless the main reason to go here is the beer. It's quite solid.

Unfortunately on my latest visit the waitress requested my ID (I am mid thirties have a beard and grey hair. I do not even remotely resemble a 20 year old. I might be a 45 year old.) and it just so happened I forgot it that day. Did Gordon Biersch employ any common sense? No they did not. Was any effort made to placate me in the least? Nope. Did a manager come over and apologize? Nay.

So the only reason to go to GB was taken form me, and thus I had a completely unavoidable, utterly crappy experience. As a corollary I got to experience how utterly mediocre the food is when not under the influence of alcohol. So I guess it's better now that I know the truth.
I am pretty much done with this place. When your food comes out 10 minutes after the food from the table next to you and they ordered 10 minutes after you, your order was lost, it was not because the kitchen was slammed.  When you tell me three times in a ten minute period that my food will be out in a couple of seconds, that is called lying. 

On a happier note, this was the first time the pork chop was actually good. 

This place could still be better managed especially for what they are charging.
Went here for dinner last night with my boyfriend. We have been to this location a few times & we thoroughly enjoyed our selves both times. The sliders on the small plates menu are delicious & their house made root beer is yummy!
I haven't been to GB in a lonnnnnng time and I've recently been on a craft brew kick so I thought I would give them a try. I tried their seasonal beer and their Heffy and both were delicious, the feel of the restaurant is very cozy and our server was on top of things. I got the jambalaya sans shrimp (blehck!). It was pretty good, my only complaint about the dish was it was pretty bland, no Louisiana Cajun spice and much was needed in this dish. I would get it again but might bring my own Cajun spice to add some flavor again. Great place for a first date or 100th.
I had a pretty terrible experience today!

First me and my friend walked in and requested to sit outside on the patio since it was a beautiful day, the hostess told us to go ahead and seat ourselves, no problem. We went to go sit at a table and the party in front of us received menus and the hostess completely forgot to give us some and had no intentions on returning with any menus. We sat and waited for a few minutes then a busy server saw us getting impatient and grabbed us menus. We wanted cocktails and an appetizer but it took a while for the server to return. After about 10 minutes waiting to even see the server after receiving the menus we place our entire order. Things were going fine after that, food came out in a timely manner and was pretty tasty. Then I was pretty disgusted with what happened next, the hostess was walking around the patio, grabbed a full glass of water from a dirty table and gave it to my friend thinking she was doing her a favor by refilling her water!!! GROSSS! We decided not to make a big deal but when telling the server about it, he seemed to not even care and made it seem like we were crazy. We then finished our food and left. Probably never going back there again. Terrible service and all the staff seemed like they hated life. Not good!
Bistro steak is so delicious & juicy. 
Lobster & crab cake is amazing.. Love this place. Very nice service! Enjoy the great beer and some Starter dishes! Absolutely come back!
I came in with a friend and sat at the bar. The bartender greeted us immediately and handed us two menus. We had planned on ordering food and drinks but the menus she handed us were torn and dirty. We each ordered a drink but decided to go else where for dinner. It is one thing to have menus that are a little worn but seeing the food coated on them turned our stomachs and we could not find it in ourselves to stay and order.
When in need of a happy hour or reverse happy hour, Gordon Biersch is usually a gold option. I hadn't been to one in some time but I remember the garlic fries being a must along with a beer on tap. They have a number of basic of bar food options to choose from and most are solid. 

Service is basic and I enjoy the option of having indoor or outdoor dining at this location. I usually end up on the patio if it isn't too cold or hot.
We live down the street from here and always go to their Happy Hour. Very good prices and great food! I tried the Baja Tacos and my boyfriend always gets the Seared Ahi. Services is always good and staff is very friendly.
Baja tacos 5/5
Southwest egg rolls 2/5
Garlic fries 4/5
Pork sliders 2/5
BBQ chicken pizza 5/5
Turtle cheese cake 4/5
Apple bread pudding 3/5
Waitress 4.9
I'm not sure why I always forget about GB when we are in Boca but because the place next door didn't even have servers we left and came here. There was no one even there which was surprising because it was lunch time and it's fairly big place. 

Anyways, our server came out to greet us right away. When you have a toddler you simply don't have the luxury of dining for a hour at a time. We quickly ordered and our food came out about 10-15 minutes later. I had the crab cake Benedict which was on their brunch menu. I liked that the crab was "real" crab and although it was a little on the salty side it was still pretty good. My husband ordered the CBLT. He said it was good and the lack of sandwich told me he did in fact enjoy it. 

Overall, the service was great and the food was good. We would probably come back if we didn't forget about GB next time!
It is a nice place to go for brunch on a beautiful spring afternoon in Vegas. Their flavored teas were yummy. Not too tiny of a patio area for seating. I'd skip the BBQ Chicken pizza next time, but their sliders and breakfast burrito was good.

The service was pretty good. 

With all these wonderful restaurants in town, I would still considering going back to this one... I think that says something :)
I met Ken at Gordon Biersch for an evening meeting and to catch up. The food was very good with very generous portions. It was late on Tuesday evening March 25th so there was seating available with televisions surrounding us to keep up with the latest scores. Our server was Rachel and she is five stars all the way. Took our orders right away and very attentive. She invited us back on Thursday night because she works behind the bar. A very good spot with friends for almost any occasion.
5 star service, 0 star food. Sorry Gordon! bad Ceaser sauce, bad classic salad. ( tasteless). Sliders bread was not a burger bread and it was crunchy toasted. This was our second trial. We didn't give bad grade the first time. No more trials, with this kind of foid, BJ's or Cheesecake Factory is better. Pleae upgrade your cooks and menu.
Great place to go for lunch. Be sure to sit in the bar area for happy hour if you are dining between 3pm and 7pm or 9pm to closing. We didn't know this the first few times and could've saved on our appetizers. They have plenty of booths in this area as well, if you are like me and prefer a booth. 

The blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich is bomb! If you've never been here or tried it, I definitely recommend ordering this sandwich. I literally order this with a side of garlic fries every single time I come here (and have my boyfriend order a new entree to try out haha). The presentation seems to always change and I have to admit the last one I got was a tad saltier than normal, but nevertheless it was still really good. 

The Cajun pasta is flavorful and has a good amount of meat. 

The Woodford Reserve bourbon salmon is also tasty. I prefer the sweet glaze on the side, though. 

The calamari is lightly breaded and fried, which is nice. I like to dip mine in salt, pepper, and lemon juice. 

The blue crab and artichoke dip is a good appetizer. I really like the crostinis they serve along side it. The only negative is that there isn't much crab in the dip. 

Also try their sampler flight of beers! You can get six samplers for just over six dollars.
Went for happy hour last weekend. I already knew I liked the Mahi sandwich, but they made me believers in a few other items. I ordered the 18oz ribeye. I almost never gamble on a chain steak or a brewpub steak, but I was in the mood for steak and the wife ordered the Mahi sandwich. It wasn't cooked perfectly to medium-rare and it was a little grizzly, but for $22 or $23, it was definitely worth what I paid. The $5 martini deal at happy hour is fantastic. Grey Goose and a decent pour.
Every time I've been here, the food is always amazing.  The service can vary from average to above average and therefore I'm only giving it 4 stars.

This time I got the Gorgonzola Ribeye which was amazing!  The presentation made the steak look even more appealing than it already was.  Cooked to medium rare perfection along with the seasoning and gorgonzola butter made it mouth watering.  I've ordered burgers and sandwiches before and each time, they always knock it out of the park.

So if you are looking for some great food, a good atmosphere and typically above average service, Gordon Biersch is the place for you.
I go here frequently for their happy hour. Great beers and the fish tacos are hard to beat! Love this place and the patio!
Foods great and so's the "craft" beer ! Good service , shout out to Christy , and lots of TVs to watch everything that's on.
This was my first time ever and I have to say the food was better than I thought it was going to be. The lump crab was so good and the tarter sauce that went with it. I had the Cajun pasta and I really enjoyed it. The prices were a little higher but it was worth it! Definitely will be back to try something else off the menu.
Beers on the patio 

Working out a place to have a beer with a few friends after work we stopped by for a few cold ones at Gordon's.

The menu has a nice extensive beer range with beers on draft and bottle. They also have some great beers that are company brewed. The brown ale they have has a great taste and is highly recommended.

The layout has a great seating area at the rear for groups with the center containing booths and tables for 4. The bar and high top seating complements the front of house with a great patio that can be awesome on a nice warm night.

I have eaten here once before grabbing a GB cheeseburger, as I remember it being  a great tasting burger that was extremely satisfying. The fries that came with the burger were a little dried out and a little tasteless.

High chairs available with a little kids menu to go with.

Overall

Good service 
Clean business 
Decent food
Great beer
Glad I got to visit this restaurant today during happy hour.  Their prices were great and so were the portion sizes.  I got my Mediterranean Chicken from the light menu so I was expecting something small, but it was decent and I was still left feeling satisfied.  The staff was very friendly and I noticed they all really work together to serve their customers. The gentleman who was helping us out knew his beer and was able to tell us the types of flavors to expect from each.  We got the beer sampler, so since this guy knew his product he suggested the order in which to drink them - and he was on point.

This place is great for lunch with family, small business meetings, or early evening drinks with friends.
Went to this location last night and not really impressed! When my girl friend n i approched the hostess around 740pm to ask for a table she right away said with some kind attitude that the wait for a sit anywhere in the restaurant would be 45 min. My friend asked her if even outside would take that long too cuz we've seen 3 empty dirty tables out there n she rudely said yes although i knew she kind didnt understand the question due my friend's accent. We left n went over Kona Grill which i love but they are packed! 10min later, we passed by n my friend decided to ask her again for a table since we saw so many empty dirty tables outside n the hostess said ( like she was doing me a favor ). Oh, if its only for 2 people i do have a table at patio. What ever happen with the 45 min waiting list? After taking us to the table she dropped the menu on the table n never gave us a smile or ask how we r doing!!!  The worse customer service ever!!


Abby was my server n not the best server either but she was ok. Just think she took a little bit to come back to the table after we've ordered. I think i would appreciate more if she's recommended any dish or dessert since it was my first time going to that restaurant. Despite the lack of customer service, food was good n beer was very cold. 














;
I went to the place with my fiancé and for the first time going, it was not great at all! The patio area and the front were filled with people. For some reason or another, the hostess seats is in the VERY BACK (two booths away from the kitchen). Really?! What the hell was the point of that when there were absolutely NO other patrons seated there? That alone was enough to make me walk out and not even try the items that looked good from previous customers. Totally unacceptable to do that to a customer.
Glad we stopped in at this restaurant on a whim one day. The bartender that served us become one of the coolest chicks we have ever met and made us feel really special, so special that when we walked back in the next week for happy hour she yelled our names with excitement to see us like we family! That makes you feel good! The beers are great, the food is great! Lots of TV's to watch sports. And they have a great happy hour and incentives for being a loyal customer! Go see Christy (Twiggy) the bartender, you won't regret it!
The place is beautiful. We had to take advantage of outdoor seating on one of the few under 100* days in July. There were only two of us, but the place looks like it could handle a football team coming thru. To sum it up: great atmosphere, the beer was refreshing, and service was great. The food could use some creativity.... But who am I to judge
Sheesh, the last time I went to a BJs, I was screwing around in SoCal ages ago and probably couldn't afford a night of beer & pizza @ BJs on a student budget but went anyway...

Fast forward to today--which means my student budget hasn't really expanded but I still end up tryin out BJs again.  Despite the myriad of beers, I knew what I was gettin--the sampler.  The bartender had memorized the details regarding beers offered in their sampler, which was impressive.  My six beers came with a place mat, describing each beer.

Brewhouse blonde, hefeweizen, porter, a red, a stout, brewnette & an Oktoberfest were my selections.  I know the other beers had more official names but the one I liked best was the one I remember the name to--'Brewhouse blonde'.  It was light & a bit sweet.  (I'm not a beer connoisseur & have been a Miller Lite girl since I started drinkin beer). 

Would I recommend you try it?  Sure.  My sentiment on the whole place/experience/atmosphere is exactly as rated 'A-OK'.  Nothing fantabulous, nothing crazy.  Just another chain that is less cheesy.
So this wasn't my first trip to Bj's, but this was the most impressionable. It is close to my sister's house and makes for convenient dinners with the family. Last night was probably the worst experience we have had at BJ's so far and it left a bit of a sour taste in the mouth. 

First off, my husband ordered some pasta with lemon butter sauce, feta, chicken, olive oil, and some other stuff in it. He asked for no tomatoes or red peppers because he is a wuss like that. About 10 minutes after we finally ordered (and I mean finally) the waitress came out and informed him that the kitchen said his meal would be bland without the tomatoes and it would not be the same dish at all, then asked him if he wanted to order something else. After the award winning sales pitch he just received he said of course and asked for a menu. The waitress then disappeared, took another table's drink order, then made her way back with a menu. 

Secondly, our waitress was spacey, non existent, and never really checked up on us. Typically I would not be a stickler for something like that but one of the people in our party was given entirely the wrong meal. Somehow fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken turned into grilled chicken pasta with broccoli. The manager came and apologized but that was 15 minutes after the food runner went back into the kitchen to see about the order. Our waitress passed our table 4-5 times during this time and never once asked why a large plate of food sat untouched and every person in our table was turning to make eye contact. She never even apologized for the mix up later. 

Then they brought my niece's food was brought out about 20 minutes before our food. We were a little concerned when our food did not follow and then about 10 minutes later the waitress came to explain that she sent it out early since "kids eat slow." In reality it just lead to my niece being finished with her food before the adults and had plenty of time to frolic in the left over mac and cheese. 

Finally, when the bills were brought out she boasted that she did not charge our table for our non alcoholic beverages (an ice tea and sprite) and acted as if she had done us a favor. I would of much rather preferred that I didn't have to flag her down to ask for a beer (which ended up being watered down) and management would of taken some sort of responsibility for the long wait (35-40 minutes for food- pasta and a burger), poor customer service, and total mess up on an order.
Beer is ALWAYS good.

But BJ's beer is actually really good.  Most beers, to me, are just that... beer.  But these had a great taste, texture and aftertaste.  I had the sampler, the blonde, the red, the heffe, the stout, some blueberry beer (that tasted like sparkling wine really) and something else that for the life of me I can't remember.

My favorite was the heffe.  

We had a bunch of appetizers... the avocado rolls are FLIPPING AWESOME!!! The just blind you with their awesomeness. (lol I love that Kung Fu Panda movie)  We also had the lettuce wraps, which were ok, and the chips and salsa.  The salsa was great... good texture and just the right spicyness to not kill you.

Then after that we all had the Mediterranean pizza... it was GREAT.  That was probably THE THICKEST pizza I have seen in my life, without having the huge crust of a deep dish.  Incredibly good.

Service was good with the waitress.  She was attentive and nice.

The only thing that was bad was they advertised the pumpkin ale, and they had run out for the season.  If you're out, take down the ads!!

We'll be back, definitely.
This was my first visit to BJ's and I liked it quite a bit. We went this past weekend for a family member's surprise birthday party. There were 22 of us in our party ranging from 2 years old to 90 years old. It was arranged for us to have our own buffet of food which was great! The service staff was cordial, but I wouldn't call them friendly. We had 2 servers helping us and neither of them cracked a smile...not once. They did provide adequate service for such a large party but to not crack a smile even once is kind of odd. 

We had cheese sticks, hot wings, and the artichoke dip with chips for our appetizers. They were set out on a table near us in buffet style. The cheese sticks were crispy on the outside and cheesy goodness on the inside. The artichoke dip was flavorful and the hot wings were actually quite good. The wings were served with NO SAUCE on them and you could add as much or as little wing sauce as you liked to your own taste. This I liked quite a bit. The wings had a nice crisp to them and were plenty meaty. The wing sauce had a good bite to it and I liked being able to control the temperature myself.  

For our lunch, we had salad with a choice of viniagrette dressing or ranch dressing. It was a basic garden salad, nothing special, but it was fresh and crisp and looked freshly prepared instead of pre-made as one might expect for a catered lunch. We also had several choices of pizza. My favorite was the barbeque chicken pizza. We also had tomato and cheese, BJ's favorite, and I think it was Mediterranean pizza. The pizzas are Chicago style so expect that thick, fluffy crust. This worked nicely for the selections we had which were loaded with toppings. The crust was able to take all the toppings and not get soggy. There is nothing worse than soggy pizza crust. 

All in all, the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. I would have given this a 4 star rating had the servers been more personable.  I'll definitely go back again with a group or just with my family and try some other menu selections.
I am very indifferent to BJ's Brewhouse in Peoria.  I was there for a family member's birthday party and it was served buffet/catered style which was fine, but I just cannot get over the attitude from the servers that this party had inconvenienced them somehow.  It's not like they had to take meal orders, merely drink orders....

On the plus side, the refills were prompt so I cannot complain about the service, despite the cold emotionless automaton of waitress(s) that we had.  

The appetizers were blah - cheesesticks and wings.  The wings were by far the best bet of the two.  The pizza was Chicago style deep dish and was a whole lot of dough, and 1 slice did me in.  One slice almost never does me in, so I don't think it was that good in retrospect.

And this will seem a bit odd, but there was a strange beeping in the mens restroom that I could not tell where it was coming from.  Seriously, laugh at me if you will, but it was just kind of weird.
Disappointed...
I mean, I expected much more out of this place.  

Service - not very attentive.

Food - average if not slightly below. (should you have to ask for WHAT the menu says it COMES WITH?)

Atmosphere - nice, but rather sterile and cold (along with the seats under the A/C)

Pricey - yes, for what we got and the rather bland taste (Fish & Chips / French Dip).

Will we be back? - maybe - but not anytime soon.  

The Yardhouse is hands-down a far superior place, service, food, quality and just all around better than BJ's.

As Simon Cowell would say... Sorry!
I love the clean, cold modern atmosphere and long booths.  There's a spacious, airy feel.  Beers are above average, with at least one seasonal beer and several guest taps.  The new flatbread pizza appetizers are quite good, and although the pizza isn't a traditional Chicago thick crust, it still makes for a good thick crust pizza.  I like the calzones as well, though $13 for the bigger one is really up there in price considering that is the normal size at other places, and they don't charge $13.

However, they are way overpriced.  $4.75 for a 16 oz. pint of beer is a bit steep, pizzas are at least a dollar or two higher than elsewhere, and even with the lunch specials we find that the tab for two people is always $50-60.  This is for casual pizza/brewpub dining, and we're not drinking a lot.
This place is ok. I love the curbside food pick-up option. This is great when you are on your way home from work and don't want to cook. Unfortunately the food is not consistent in quality.
We frequent Bj's a lot. I could see why people have said everything good and bad about the place. Sometimes there service is dead on, sometimes your on your own. Some menu items are fabulous, they have the best chicken wings in the valley in my opinion. Also there cheeseburger pizza is great without some items for me (pickles onions) The salads are always fresh, the chili size is good, the pot roast is some of the best I have ever had! On the contrary, The club sandwich is soggy and gross, and the meat taste really cheap and store bought. The wedge is kinda plain, and other items could be better.The beer is good with lots of different choices. But it is super cold in there sometimes even when it's 65 outside it's 60 on the inside, so bring a sweater for your bj expierience.  (by the way this is way cheaper than yardhouse, with food nearly on the same level)
Took someone here this weekend for a birthday dinner on saturday - it was pretty busy, but we were fortunate to find an open seat at the bar. This BJ's seemed a little smaller than the Chandler location, but that didn't really bother me. Our service was good and the bartender was really chatty though I didn't mind. 

Started off with some Hefeweizen, clam chowder sourdough bowl for appetizers, and some BJ's deep dish pizza for dinner. Food was really good, servers were nice, so I'd definitely come back again.
I love their Mediterranean pizza and they also serve great beers.  Piranha ale is my favorite, and definitely worth the drive to the suburbs.
Great lunch selection and pricing.  I had a cup of soup and a half a baked potato.  Soup was great.  Potato was decent.  I also had a beer, the Oasis seasonal.  Yummi!  They said it was like a fat tire, but smoother, and i totally agree.  I'd go back for sure.  They weren't too busy, but regardless, the service was great.
"Chicago style" pizza was not Chicago style, but other than that - the servers were nice, decor was smart, and the food was good.  Tasty brews as well!  They have a spinach and artichoke pizza I highly recommend trying.
Food sucked!!! Very bland!!! Plus service was very slow. We were there for 45min. Before we got any salad or meals. Shoulda known better than to eat at one of these corporate owned garbage places. What a waste of $100 !!!!
I have eaten at BJ's several times and I have never been disappointed, today was no exception. I took a friend that had never been there before and she was very pleased as well.

We had a Margarete pizza appetizer that was delicious!  We had chicken sliders and beef sliders and they were wonderful!  We had an excellent server, our food came quickly, was hot and really good.

I would very much recomment BJ's and besides, they have Pepsi products - Hurray!!!!
I went there after driving 9 hours from California. I was starving and decided to go there, because it looked pretty good. We split the basil-tomato-mozzarella pizza which was just ok. For the main course I decided to get the Bj's Burger, expecting that the burger which is named after their restaurant is the best burger they have. Normally after a 9 hour drive and I am extremely hungry everything tastes great, but the burger was probably the plainest burger I ever had. I doubt that we will return to this restaurant.
It was dinner time and we decided to go to BJ's. I knew since it was 7:00 there would be a wait. We were told it would be 45min. This was fine with us. We were seated in about 30 min. The layout of the restaurant is open but the noise level was not bad. You can easily carry on a conservation at your table. We were seated by a very energetic hostess. I did not get her name but she made you feel like they were glad to see you and service was going to be great. Our waiter was Gabby. She took our drink orders quickly and brought our drinks. I finished my ice tea before our meal was delivered. It was several minuets till this was noticed and was offered a refill. Everyone ordered and food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time. I had ordered the half soup and salad. Not anything complicated. Wedge salad and clam chowder in a sour bread bowel. Others ordered BBQ chicken chopped salad, Angel Hair Toscana, and a Traditional Calzone.  All the food did not arrive at the same time and we had to ask to get the remainder delivered. My clam chowder was very bland and did not have much taste. There was plenty of clam meat but it was hard to tell it was clam chowder by the taste. Definite don't go for the clam chowder. I asked about the calzone and was told it had almost no filling. Very little cheese and was mostly pizza dough. So don't go for the calzone. The others reported their chicken salad and angle hair pasta was very good. We had to wait again for some time to get refills on drinks. Our waiter was not very attentive. Will I go back? I will probably give them another chance. I do know what I will not order next time. I do like the look and feel of the restaurant.
Bad service. Took too long to to get our food.
Beer was ok not worth the wait
Ummmmm.    beer.  Tried the porter and red.   Both good.

Then I went  back a month later and had the Chocolate Stout.  That one is the best yet!!
nicest BJ's around.. the micro brews were amazing and the chicago style pie is great
I visited this restaurant four times last week. All four times I sat at the bar. The first time I has good service and a personal pizza that was good.  I drank the IPA.  I was excited about having another brewpub nearby. The second time there was a second bartender. She was in the wrong business. She was not happy to be there and made sure you weren't happy either. No personality, slow and inattentive. I had the pale ale and the IPA with chicken wings. Once again the beer and food were good. The third trip the first bartender was on duty. OK service, nothing to write home about and the red beer was very good. 
Up to this point I was looking forward to visiting again. On the final visit the first bartender spilled an entire glass of beer into my and my guest's laps. Accidents happen. I expected that at least the first round of beers would be free for having bathed in beer earlier. When the check came all beers where on the check. I asked about getting the beers taken off and was told no, it would get her in trouble. 
I shouldn't have had to ask. When I did something should have been done. I paid my bill and decided there are plenty of places with good beer and good food. The service I had from the two bartenders is the best reason to not return. Occasional bad service is to be expected but two bad bartenders out of two says management needs to pay closer attention.
Been to this location a few times, I just can't LOVE it.  It is ok.  Decent service, decent food, large menu selection, large drink selection, but nothing fablous about it.  =(  

Mac & Cheese = Yum, the goldfish crunch on top is good
French dip = good
Burger melt = good
Baked Alfredo Chicken Potatoe = good
Half baked cookie with ice cream = good

Maybe it is because I have had the some items else where and those tasted fablous!
I've been going to BJ's Restaurant since i was a little girl and i'm really glad that it is still around.  My husband daughter and i were in the area and decided to stop by and eat some good pizza while watching some Sunday Football.  The.y have several screens, so we were able to watch several games at once and were were lucky enough that there was one booth left at the bar.  We ordered half pepperoni and half buffalo which is one of my favorites and of course the artichoke and spinach dip.  Our pizza arrive and it was perfectly fine but our server thought it was overcooked and surprised us with a whole new pizza without warning.  We had originally ordered a large and we think he misunderstood and brought us a medium, but he ended up bringing a whole other one without even asking.  We left with our stomach's full otherwise we would have ordered a pazzooki...darn.
I can sum up my experience at BJs in one word...Fail! 

First off, we called ahead on a Saturday night after a Coyotes game, and were told 30 mins. We show up with 5 mins to spare and were told we would be seated in 5 mins...right on time. Only 5 mins in BJs time is 25 mins! At the 15 min mark I asked how much longer it would be, but was told they simply "don't really know". While waiting for our table we were repeatedly told by the staff how tired they were. 

Once seated I was firmly told by the waitress that they do NOT have Dr. Pepper, Pibb, or anything similar! They were awful proud of their root beer! :(. I hate root beer. 

My wife and I decided to split a large bacon cheese burger pizza at the reasonably low price of $24!!! Although the pizza was good, by no means was it worth that much. Way too greasy, and although we asked for no tomatoes, they seemed to put double the norm. It would have been sent back, but again BJs time is about double normal time. 

I wanted to like this place, but the experience was just too poor to even give them a second chance. Take a pass if your in the Park West / Westgate area!
Epic win! My husband and I stumbled into this restaurant wanting to try out something new. We were blown away by the large selection, the great service and delicious food. This place quickly became a favorite and we will definitely be visiting more often. After all, there are so many more menu items to try!
BJ's is an alright place, taste-wise. The food is good, the drinks are good (I've only ever had a few of their cocktails but my boys assure me the beers are pretty decent). It's a sports-bar type of place, with a lot of TV's everywhere, including a giant six-way screen over the bar. The decor has a warm feel to it, lots of mood lighting and dark wood everywhere. But by far the biggest draw-back is the wait time and staff. 

This BJ's seems to either be tragically under-staffed, or suffering some kind of server quality issues. You'll wait half an hour at least unless you show up at just the right time. Your drinks will take another fifteen minutes to get there; yes, even if they're just fountain drinks. If you order beers or cocktails it will take just as long if not longer. The one time we ordered an appetizer, the waitress completely forgot to bring it out, and tried to smooth over that by saying, "Oh, I kept looking over at you guys just sitting here and I thought someone else had already brought it out and you ate it already!" 
That was the weirdest excuse I've ever heard from a server. So you not only thought another server picked up your slack without telling you, but you saw us sitting there for fifteen minutes with empty drinks? (This is where I would concur with another reviewer...I did notice that near the restrooms, a group of the same servers were always standing and talking and laughing.) She also acted upset and confused when we asked her to remove it from the bill. Why would we want our appetizer after we've already finished the entrees? Our server was very sweet, but she seemed very ill-suited to the job.

All in all, if you're used to NYC-like wait times for everything, then this shouldn't bother you. Usually I am very patient for my food as long as everything else is going well and the drinks are flowing. But when you're sitting at a table with an empty glass full of melting ice and you're starting to think you were forgotten, then my opinion of the place starts going down. I've been to this location five times and my experiences have been exactly the same.
Whew. Ever feel like you've been sucked into a black hole where no waitstaff can find you?

I and others in my party must have worn our server-repellent tonight. We weren't on her radar AT ALL. 

Spoke to the manager, and she was apologetic, which was good. She comped our desserts.

Speaking of which, I found a chunk of chicken in my pizzooki. Chicken. I could not stop laughing! This meal was like the Charlie Brown of meals. Nothing went right!

Good grief!
Good beer, good food, good time at BJ'S. We love going to BJ's. Warning, its a little loud.
We moved to Phoenix the day before Father's Day and I asked my dad to pick a place he wanted to go to dinner and he told me his favorite place to go was BJ's. I heard the name and I wasn't too excited but I figured it was his day so we'd do what he wanted. 

I fell in love and we've been there 4 times in 3 weeks! I always get the BBQ Beef sandwich with a salad instead of fries. The tangy bbq sauce and the crispy friend onions on the mounds of yummy roast beef is so good. Having all that on top of a garlic cheese hoagie is the best. This is totally a knife and fork sandwich. The best I've ever had!

My twin boys always get the kids pizza. I might head towards a pizza next time. The crust on their pizza's always make me want to sneak a piece!
Overpriced and the food is not that great!
This is an update to my original review. The last time we went to this location, we bellied up to the bar at the front instead of getting a table. You can eat your dinner up there too, which is convenient. The bartender doubles as your server. We went there on a Friday night, and while the restaurant behind us was busy, the bartender was amazing. She was very attentive and quick, and the drinks were perfect. Unless you're in a party of 3 or more, I'd definitely recommend sitting up at the bar!
I'm a big fan of BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse.  My boyfriend and I have been there three times and each time, were extremely happy.  The service has always been good and the food is delicious (especially the parmesan crusted chicken! yum yum).   I am usually a little hesitant with breweries because I have a very small range of beer that I find tasty but they have a few options that even I love! I definitely recommend!
Good food, good service, good price.
The Menu here is really great.  So much to choose from and its always good.  No mater which location we visit our service is always good and we never have to wait long to be seated.  The Jambalaya is a big favorite, and the pizza here is awesome.
Great place to meet with friends :)
Good ambiance, staff is always friendly, you hardly ever have to wait too long even when it's crowded & the food is much better than most chain restaurants. 

I highly recommend the avocado egg rolls appetizer (enough for 2 people to share) & the BBQ chopped salad (it's a huge mound!! I normally eat half & take 1/2 home).
I LOVE the BJ's in Desert Ridge, where I used to live, but the service at this location is not super awesome. There is one server here I like who transfered from the Desert Ridge location, I believe her name is Julia, but other than that I have not been impressed. I seem to get the same server every time I go there and she just always seems annoyed to serve me.  She and the bartender didn't know what a cadillac margarita was? Just seemed weird to me.
First of all, I'm totally guilty of chuckling at the innuendos. You bastards really bring out my inner 8th grader. I came here during happy hour with a group of around 15, and I'm always pleased to see my large group accommodated. I was informed that during happy hour, all mini pizzas were 1/2 off. I wasn't that hungry, and I'm always hyped for new foods, so I snatched up a menu and looked at the options. I stuck with the BJ's favorite (pretty much the works) and even paired it with their recommended red ale.

The pizza was just so-so. I loved the buttery, deep dish crust, but the toppings were just warm or room temperature, like half of them were thrown on after the pie was already done. Dislike. The beer was spot on, but subsequent requests for adult beverages were met with a suspicious delay...and then the manager came out to make sure all was well. She seems very reluctant to serve alcoholic beverages, as opposed to other restaurants in the same price range that encourage you to let loose. Maybe they think they're classy?

In any case, I had the blonde hefeweizen and the Grand Cruz, which came in a small goblet and packed a whopping 10% ABV. Not that you would guess that by tasting it! You may want to be picky about the mixed drinks, however, as my mojito was pretty bland.

I'll come here again and try more pizzas and of course, more of their delicious beer. I won't stay too long, however, unless I finally come across something enticing on the list of traditional entrees.
So, I ran out of gift ideas for Christmas.  I found myself at Fry's at the gift card section.  I decided to buy my wife a couple of gift cards (cheaper than jewelry).  I picked up a Carrabas and one to BJ's since we had never been there.  Our friends did tell us that they liked it so I thought, why not.  

We stopped in for lunch yesterday and sat at the bar.  We were greeted as soon as we sat down by the bartender who took his time to go over the menu and the beer selections.  We did sample a few different beers and they were good.

The menu is very complete and looked good.  We decided to try a sampler plate and a couple of side salads.  The food was fresh and prepared perfectly.  

I am sure we will return again.   It was a great experience and total cost for "lunch" and "some" adult beverages was under $40.00
Love this place!! We always get their wings (traditional with hot sauce) and pizza.. so yummy!! Usually have great service as well!!
I've been to BJ's twice now.  The last time I ordered a Jalapeno burger with fries ($9.95) with a stout beer called Tatanka ($5.00). My daughter had a cheeseburger and fries. She ordered her burger well done and I medium. Both burgers were perfectly cooked, juicy and as good as a hamburger could be. What made it most wonderful for us was the waitress was expedient, never letting us sit there with an empty glass ( within 30 seconds of our glass being empty she was there to see if we wanted more). The beers are phenomenal the decor is easy on the eyes. Bathrooms are clean and well kept. Our waitress made us feel as comfortable as if we were at home.
Lacey, Lacey, Lacey...you're a rock star!

We went a few weeks ago with another couple and Lacey was our server.  As we all know, service can make or break an experience and we were so happy to get Lacey.  She knew the menu, made great suggestions for cocktails, had a great smile and attitude.

Here is what really made the night...my husband and I split something and it came with fries and he likes thick and I like the shoestring.  So, Lacey took it upon herself to do half and half on our order.  I know, it's not rocket science but the fact that she took an extra step and thought outside the box was awesome!

She is a true asset to this organization.

You go girl!
Yes I am a fan. Good food and drinks. 
Service is great as well.
Food here is ok. I can typically get in and out quickly.  The servers are always pleasant.  The food is priced higher than the taste but that happens to often these days.
Great wedge salad. The BJ's special pizza was very good, the crust makes the difference here.  Pazookie trio worked well for my family.
Asked for Extra crispy, crispy calamari and  enjoyed it.  My 7 year old did too.  Patty melt was very good.
One word review "meh". This place was seriously average, mediocre, nothing special. Great service but beyond that it was nothing to write home about.
Terrible service. Very disappointed. I live the beer but if you're not spending money with a group then forget it. Come on. If I'm not getting good service being by myself for a quick beer why would I come back with a group or even another person? The second star is for the good tasting beer I had.
Best happy hour on this side of town. The bartenders are very friendly and service is always prompt. I've never had a bad drink or a bad meal here. I only go in if Jennifer is working though! The bar has plenty of TVs too.
This place has everything, and you will not be disappointed....that is, after you finally get to sit down!  Unfortunately for those of us who don't want to wait to be seated, this place has been discovered by many, and there is often a good crowd waiting outside on the weekends. The good news is, it is worth the wait.

I have been to this place several times, as it is close to my home. If you are the indecisive type, the good news is you can close your eyes and point to something on the menu and it WILL be good. Fresh salad greens and tomato/mozzarella salads are a welcome retreat from the romaine fare at other places. The fish and chips here is reminiscent of the traditional Wisconsin fish fry I sometimes miss. The burgers are great, the sandwiches never disappoint. A full bar with a great beer selection will leave you wondering at the end of the night how your bill ended up so high (oops).  Our last visit, we just sat at the bar and munched stuffed mushrooms with a pesto sauce - a steal at $4.50 off the "small bites" menu - and thai style wontons dipped in sesame. Supposedly the deep dish pizza is good, but I have yet to try it, since it looks like a meal that would feed four people minimally.

One observation I've made is that this place, being next to Fleming's (a more pricey restaurant), leaves people confused in terms of attire. You'll see people their Friday-night-out attire, but there will also be a family coming straight from a baseball game, the kids still dusty in their little league uniforms. To me, BJ's has a dim, refined, date-night atmosphere that invites couples but is a great meet-up for business associates. Now, I'm a mom, but if you're going to bring the kids, please have them in decent clothes and on their best behavior.

This isn't where you would choose to go for a "food adventure," but it is the place you would take friends with diverse tastes in food and booze, or maybe the in-laws from out of town.
The food is pretty consistent and good.  We are usually looking for a change of pace from I Hop or Village Inn type fare  when we go to BJs.   Usually have to wait to be seated so we try to avoid the usual peak hours.  Service can be inconsistent.  Sometimes have to flag down other staff to get served.  Luckily they've been responsive.  We've learned to be aggressive about getting drink refills.  The burgers are good. The Tomato soup is great and the Angel Hair pasta is good too.  Avoid the flatbread sandwiches- uninspired.  Ambiance is okay but acoustics aren't great- loud.   Parking is lacking especially on weekends.  We will be back in spite of spotty service.   Good alternative to the AppleBees routine when you are looking for a restaurant that serves alcohol.
Sooooo....if I'm feeling saditty this is where I go for too loud music and a lot of sports on multiple tvs throughout! Clean and spacious and the food is yummy despite the occassional grumpy server. Its pricey but that is expected from a 'higher end' sports bar! I don't have any major complaints and I do have a compliment on the great desserts! I am a sweets whore and they fulfill me needs quite well! Great place for a group meet and eat!
We are usually good with everything at BJ's, fine service good deep dish yummy cookie pizza, but this last visit the service was the only good part (which he really was, so he gets props!) But they not only made our pizza wrong, they were sloppy and rushed about it, the ingredients were piled very uneven, not cooked right, some were even left off and we paid for them, our server did a great job helping to correct the situation by remaking our pizza for us, but even the quality seems to have shot way down, I am gonna have to look elsewhere for my deep dish fix...
Fun atmosphere-good pizza, good size small appetizers, good tomato and mozzarella salad and Excellent pie-zookie (warm cookie with ice cream on top).
Food was good! Service is great! We'll be back soon! The double chocolate pizookie was my favorite!!!!!
The place is nice. Service was ok. The waiter poured too much water where it splashed on the table and just said "oops"...

We got their deep dish pizza whth roasted garlic and fresh basil; Their definition of deep dish is thick crust, so that was disappointing. Their pizza sauce tasted like rotten tomatoes. yucky. I got the tomato bisque and I've had better tomato bisque in a student cafeteria. We also got their sample appetizer platter and I only liked their avocado rolls and their mozzerella sticks. The rest was just gross. 

I don't recommend this place at all. Only reason they got 2 stars instead of one is because I liked the way the place looked.
I like this place. I like the pan pizza and can always find something on the menu since it is a very extensive menu.
While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share. 
The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple, red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
i don't live in or near glendale so i have no idea what there is to eat near where we were shopping/staying for the day. after some google and yelp searches for places that had menu items we could eat, we settled on BJ's. 
i've been to a BJ's before in southern california. it is good. a well-rounded menu and pleasant staff. they kept the water glasses full. we shared the lettuce wraps. the shrimp was well seasoned and cooked well. we also split the hawaiin mahi mahi. the fish was a little overcooked, but it still tasted pretty good. 
prices are comparable to any big bar/food chain. i would eat here again.
I had luncheon bleu cheese flatbread pizza and salad. Loved the flatbread and salad was tasty with variety lettuce not head lettuce.  Three of us shared a chocolate pizzooky and it was scrumptious. Nice environment and friendly waitress. I would recommend.
Most of the time the service at the bar is good.  Food is alright.  I enjoy a few of their beer selections.  Attitudes of the management could be a bit better though.  

I also wish they had more selections on their small-plate menu.
I have had great food every time I that I have came. The prices are very reasonable.I love that they have a great selection of beer and WINE.  My favorite dish is the parmesan crusted chicken! It is delicious. But I have had differnt apps and even the burgers are good. The only reason for fours stars, the service can be so hit or miss.
So, as you all know, BJ's is an unfortunately named chain restaurant. I went last night with the BF and his parents as it was his mom's birthday and that's where they wanted to go. It was actually a pleasant surprise! We all got drinks, I had the skinny -rita, which was really good, tart and fresh tasting. The BF got a snakebite, which was, as always, delicious. For dinner, I had the soup and salad with a caesar salad and tortilla soup. Going the 'healthy' route (I know this was not healthy in any way). The soup was very good and flavorful. They serve it 'fancy' style, putting chicken, avocado, tortilla, cheese, and bell pepper in the bottom of a bowl and then pouring the broth over the bowl table side. Nice touch. The salad was fair. Everyone else reported that they enjoyed their entrees. We had pizzookie for dessert, a half baked cookie with vanilla ice cream, delish. All of this for only 80$...pretty good deal. My only complaints are minimal and include: I wish they offered half portions at discounted prices....the portion sizes are way too big and there were a lot of things that looked good on the menu, but I wouldn't order them because I didn't want such a large portion. Also, this restaurant is busy and the wait to eat here is a little over the top....I wish that they took reservations. Overall, this place was good, especially for a chain.
I have been here many times over the last four years of sunbirding here in the desert.
I have tried many different things and with one exception have always been pleased.  The service is prompt, friendly and knowledgable.  The house chard is a generous pour.  Their cookie thingie - Pizookie I think - is dangerously nummy!  

Some of my favorites here are the tomato basil soup, the shrimp tacos which I enjoyed last night, the vegetarian pizza in the Light offerings, the turkey burger and the fries.  Any of these are great!   

I'd go back any time.  Always get great value for the money.
My first pick for our mother daughter dinner & a movie date :)
We always start with the AVOCADO EGG ROLLS (SO YUMMY!) then we pick something off the menu that we've never had before. My kiddo & I both love trying a new dish & the menu here is so big that we won't be running out of options any time soon. 

This time around she had the JAMBALAYA. It was spicy & delicious and VERY filling! 
I got the HAWAIIAN MAHI-MAHI. It was in the 'good for you' section, so I can't really hold it against them that it was a bit on the bland side. I ate every bite & was still not full,, I'm a piggie, I know, lol. But this was good, because that meant we had room for dessert! For dessert we had the STRAWBERRY BEIGNET to share. Our waitress described it as 'heaven on a plate' & that woman was not kidding! I've had beignets before, but unlike the traditional ones, this one was baked, then covered in powdered sugar and cinnamon (have I mentioned I'm crazy for cinnamon?), topped with vanilla bean ice cream, strawberries & whipped cream. Needless to say, that plate was cleaned :) It was our favorite part of dinner!
Today a good friend and I were both tempted by the WATERMELON & FETA SALAD. It's in the small plates area of the menu & is the perfect side for a starter salad! The presentation was beautiful. I wasn't sure if it would taste as good as it looked, it is an interesting combination, but it sure was! The watermelon was chilled and considering we'd just come in out of the heat it was exactly what was needed :)

Oddly enough, we drank coffee :D 
In our defense, this was a late brunch for us, so it was almost a must. The coffee was good! Not too weak and not too strong.
My girl and I had the Chicken Club Flatbread Pizza and the Stuffed Mushrooms. Both were excellent. The pizza had a great aftertaste. I enjoyed the decor. The hostesses all dressed in classy dresses which I thought was cute.  For the two appetizers and two drinks our bill was $20. So it's not too expensive but not a place with a value menu. I would recommend it.
Great Beer And the Ambiance is nice too. But over priced food, took long to bring are orders and the pizzas were barely warm, not hot. My sons hamburger was undercooked  and just barely warm. I guess our food was sitting for a while some where. If I go again it would be during their lunch specials. Ehh.
Best beer in town and best potato skins.
Soup and salad. Added chicken breast for only $3. Jennifer our waitress was great.
I have never wrote a review but I was appalled at the service here yesterday (5/31/13) at lunch. I was with someone and we were literally one of the first people in the door at 11am and didn't get our food for a good 45 minutes. I was on my lunch break and not once did the server come over to apologize as the restaurant filled up and other patrons came and left after already eating. After finally getting food he just dropped it in front of us, cold and walked away. I have been a server before and I think that's why it bothered me the most, knowing what I would have done in his situation, at least apologizing for the wait or even sending over a manager. I was late getting back to my office due to coming in at 11am and not able to leave until 1230 after shoveling the food in my mouth. I would come back, but if I had the same server, ask for someone else.
The service here is great. At least while sitting at the bar it is. The food is good and the beers are good. The have a very nice selection of drafts which is great. I usually try a different house beer every time I'm there. So far the best is their seasonal Pumpkin Ale they have during October. This place is overall great, but it's expensive.
This is another instance where 3 1/2 stars would be warranted, but Yelp has not deemed it necessary for us to have that option.

We had stopped in here once last year, after watching a movie and had wonderful flat bread pizza at the bar and a glass of their "hand crafted brew". We enjoyed it thoroughly but never went back, until yesterday.

It started off rough as we were seated at a high top in the bar area. We waited and waited, but no one came by to even greet us or offer us drinks. After a waitress walked by an ignored us for the third or fourth time, we walked back to the hostess stand and asked to be seated somewhere else. Then, things took a turn for the better.

We were re-seated, ordered our drinks (Nutty Brunette and a Light Switch). and began perusing the menu. While we were deliberating, a manager walked over and sincerely apologized for the lack of service in the bar area and offered us a free appetizer. Nice recovery.

We ordered the corn fritters in bacon aioli for our appetizer, and they were delicious! A small enough portion to not ruin our meals, well cooked and unique to boot. The beers were both tasty, and my wife really enjoyed the light bodied Light Switch. 

After that, my wife had a half flatbread with salad lunch special, while I had the Piranha Pale Ale Chili Burger. The flatbread was beautifully crispy, and she really liked the salad dressing. The chili on the open faced burger was a tad mild for my taste, but the ginormous 8 Oz burger was wonderfully cooked, slathered with the chili and cheese and topped with onion straws. Carb coma to be sure, but so tasty. Then the wife suggested we get some of that bacon aioli to dip the fries in. Why not? Fries in a bacon flavored dipping sauce...where have you been all my life?

The menu is so varied, there is something for everyone and we will certainly be back, this time we won't wait another year!
The lunch menu was great. 5.95 starting price who could ask for more! The thai chicken wonton was good as well as the clam chowder. This place is a go to when visiting Park West.
Went in for an early dinner and ordered the Pot Roast Sandwich. The vegetables came and were not cooked. They were raw, I ate the meat which was great. I told the waitress and she commented that that is pretty normal actually and offered to give me another side vegetable. I am glad that she did that but at the same time was a bit subdued by the fact that this was a regular thing for them. My husband enjoyed his chili burger loads. The drinks we ordered were very strong as well. This place is always busy but perhaps we ordered the wrong food for this place!
Great customer service by restaurant management
We had a unique problem that was readily taken care of by the restaurant manager; the staff was so accommodating
Many choices of beers; full bar; the IPA was okay; I liked the blonde and I'm no gentleman
Food was excellent
I loved the jambalaya
Fish & chips were excellent
Great service by Frankie
Loved the triple chocolate pizzooke (?)
sooooooo good!
The restaurant is nice looking but the food experience is far from it.  The entree's we had were room temperature and the service was less than can be expected.  For what was paid we should have received much better food and service.  I have been to  many of their establishments in AZ and CA where we received much better food and service.  Cheesecake Factory is 10 minutes away and a much better option, one we should have used.
Everything I had was great... My wife on the other hand, got food poisoning. She had the California Chicken sandwich and a caesar salad...
We had dinner with about 26 people from our West Valley Meetup Group. In a private room, the food was excellent, the service was outstanding, the wait staff was so accommodating to all of us. We will hold future events here and I will visit them more often as it had been a while.
We ask for the fried  calamari done extra crispy.. The calamari comes out in a good mix  of fins and tentacle. Good crunch and always a good taste. Both dipping sauces have a good tang to them.
We ask for the fried  calamari done extra crispy.. The calamari comes out in a good mix  of fins and tentacle. Good crunch and always a good taste. Both dipping sauces have a good tang to them.
Went here last night for deep dish pizza. My wife, being from Chicago was having withdrawals, so off we went. We really do like this place in general, though the parking can be horrific. We started with the chicken won tons; Thai style and they were wonderful. When our pizza showed up and we began to eat, my wife loos at me and says "is there any sauce on your pizza"?" Nope", I said and we waited for the waiter to return. He said something to the effect of, well do you want me to have them put more sauce on it or are you going to eat it like it is. I said, well we'd really like another pizza, this time with sauce. The manager comes over a few minutes later and says something about "miscommunication", apologizes and asks us if we ordered it without tomatoes. No, just standard sausage pizza we said. Well, she explains, "our pizzas are lightly sauced" (apparently before they have fully risen) "and sometimes it soaks in or the top rubs" (against what I didn't ever understand) and may have accidently removed some of the sauce". So we had to sort of pick apart the pizza in front of her, while she gave us that condescending "not really a smile-smile" as if we were mentally challenged, to show her that what we got was essentially cheesy garlic bread with sausage. She wouldn't even glance and it...just kept that artificial smile on her face and said "let me know if there is anything else that I can do". As opposed to the nothing that you have already done you mean? That was my inner thought, not to worry, I didn't actually say that. SO, by and by our replacement pie comes out and the waiter says" don't worry, I told the kitchen "extra sauce" and watched them make it. Wonderful, now we got a pie that more resembled spaghetti. Just soaked with sauce. At this point we just give up and ask for our check. The waiter then tells us that due to the pizza issue, we would like to buy you desert. No thanks, we said. He brings us our check and announces, I had that pie taken off your tab (we had a couple of beers and an app as well, so  I wasn't paying that much attention to the total), until my wife pointed out that there were two pizza's on the check and that they took one of them off. I don't bother saying anything at this point, as free food was not what we came for, but I will say this. There would have been one heck of a ruckus if they had charged me for two pizzas. Just a crazy, out of body dining experience. Almost as if they were on the other side of the Dome.
I absolutely love this place! I recently moved here from Denver and was happy to find an inexpensive place to eat with my family. We did have a BJs back home but the food here is way better. The food was great, the service was just as good. I would definitely try it out if you haven't yet! They give a special treat for a birthday celebration as well!
Came here for a work luncheon.  Nice staff.  OK food.  I had the "under 600" meal so maybe that's why the flavor wasn't all there but it was still OK.
Food was good but service was terrible. Went with large group of 12 to celebrate a  birthday. Plan was to eat have a few drinks then take in a movie. Ending up tsking 2 hours and thats not counting the time to eat
The turkey burger is very good. It does not taste like a hamburger, but that is not the point it is a very good turkey burger. 

The house brewed root beer is worth the sugar.
Went out with the husband for a date night. While we had to wait a while to get seated it was definitely worth it. Started our meal with the Piranha chili nachos and those were kinda eh. But ordered the buffalo chicken deep dish pizza and it was amazing. Subbed the celery for tomatoes on it though. Root beer is super good and husband was also very pleased with his fish and chips. Will definitely eat here again.
Service is always terribly slow. Pizza is mediocre. Never wear heels- super slippery floor!
It could be the chocolate mint martini followed by the candy cane martini which was then followed by the pomegranate sunset but I had a great time tonight [as I always do]!

I went with the crew originally to another brewery at Westgate but the ASU game made parking non-existent so off to Park West we go!  BJ's was the natural choice for an evening of drinks, food, and good company.  The wait time at BJ's at 7:30pm on a Saturday was said to be 25-30 minutes but we were seated after 10 minutes.  No complaints here!  At such a big establishment, the atmosphere was of course gorgeous.  Let's talk food!  We had ordered:

Crispy Calamari:  Typical fried squid you can get anywhere.  I personally love the garlic aioli.

Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms:  Delicious, giant, and juicy!  Just like I like my men!  ;D  Just kidding... kinda.  Seriously though, I can eat that lemon pesto by the spoonful.  

Two Steak plates [one had lobster too]:  Both steaks were not cooked to medium-rare and the lobster was a bit too salty.  Both steaks were offered to be redone but hey, we're not picky.  We ate that red meat like champs.  And that lobster tail... demolished.  I really liked the mashed potatoes!  The clam chowder accompaniment and the Caesar salad were also yummy --- especially the chowder!

Hawaii Mahi-Mahi:  This was my main dish.  I was completely happy and in love with the juicy mahi-mahi.  The refreshing pineapple fried rice and stir-fry veggies made everything just a touch sweeter.  They had some Sriracha sauce on the side.  Don't be fooled by the fancy description: it's just pure sexy Sriracha.

Cajun Pasta:  It was yummy!  The garlic bread was good. The creamy tomato sauce wasn't too spicy --- something I'm always grateful for.  I think food is meant to be tasted.  I don't need to be licking a chili pepper!  

Grilled Chicken Pasta:  Creamy pasta is ALWAYS a good thing.  We got the grilled chicken instead of the blackened chicken and it was perfectly match.  I would've been happy with just a bowl of that rotelle noodles with the cream sauce.  

Overall it was a lovely evening and our waiter was very charismatic, charming, and accommodating [one of us HAD to watch the Boise St. game.  x_x].  Cheers, BJ's!  Thanks for the great evening!
If you are over in the West Valley and want to stay away from the Cardinals stadium and all that craziness, just up the freeway a couple exits is a row of restaurants/bars right off the Northern Exit. Easy access and lots of parking. 
To be honest, I have only ever had drinks and appetizers here. One time it was late night (after 10 PM) and the place was pretty empty. Great service that night. The other time it was happy hour on a Saturday. CROWDED!! and service was slow, but only because our server had tons of tables to deal with. 
Overall, I like the food. We had flatbread pizzas, artichoke dip and sliders. Not bad bar food. The place is nice, clean and large.
Me and my girlfriend come here all the time but we just went for her 21st birthday and it was amazing. Our server Ruben was playing along with everything we threw at him and bringing her drinks he thought she would like. The pizza is incredible. I recommend  the Jeremiah red if you like beer and don't forget to have a pizookie at the end! Bjs has never failed me. Always a joy
This was the first time trying the restaraunt.  We were seated promptly the waitress took our drink order and appetizers we tried the avocado eggrolls which were highly recommended but they  were bland and the  dipping sauce did not have much flavor. I tild the waitress that we were there to celebrate my daughter's bday.we ordered dinner but it took about 30 minutes before our meals got there. My steak was  overcooked and I was not offered steak sauce till I have done with dinner.we did order their cookies and ice cream. We still would have liked our free desert.overall I rate the restaraunt as average .disappointed
We had the Mac and cheese, really awesome, bacon. Corn fritters with a bacon aeoli, also really great, jalapeño gives it the slightest spark, corn adds sweetness. Pub burger w/ bacon and cheese, can't go wrong there. Parmesan crusted chicken, my favorite. It's always cooked perfectly. Staff were great, bringing extra plates since we were sharing everything. Always friendly and attentive.
I had the parmesan encrusted chicken, and I've never been disappointed.  I love their mashed potatoes, and their broccoli ir has this lemon-y flavor which isn't typically done. 

The service here is always very good I have never left here disappointed. Their house beers are so very good if your over the age of 21, and would like to try something different I would say definitely to for it. Almost forgot to mention their Italian sodas are gooood! 

It's almost always very busy, so I would try to call ahead and check in.
My boyfriend's boss recommended this place, so we visited last night.  Our waitress, Katelyn, was wonderful and very attentive.  She checked on us quite a bit and was always friendly.

The food was not as good as the service.  My boyfriend ordered a deep-dish pizza and it was very disappointing!  We named this the "Just a lot of dough" pizza.  If you are from the Chicago area or have ever visited, do not order this deep dish!  There is hardly any sauce and the dough is about an inch thick through the entire pizza.

I ordered the Tuscan Chicken Limone and I was not impressed.  The noodles were overdone and squishy and most of the dish was very bland.
One of mine and my wife's favorite places to eat. They have a really big selection so I'm always having something different every time I go. I also haven't been disappointed by anything I've tried. Gotta love there dessert pazooki too baked cookie with ice cream sooooo good. I have to say there Jerimah Red brew that they have on tap is one of my favorites to get as well. All around really good place for a dinner date or casual dining you won't be disappointed.
This place is AMAZING!!! They're food is delicious and their customer service just  rox! Hit the bar cause Julia and Heather are the best bartenders you'll ever meet!
Just another over priced corporate joint.
My husband has heard great things about this place from his co-workers. We visited on a Sunday at lunch. It was comfortably busy. The noise level was good--nice background noise, but not intrusive.

Our server was fabulous. One of our biggest obstacles in dining out as a family is that our son is autistic and can only eat chips in restaurants. I asked our server if it was possible to get some tortilla chips by themselves and she was extremely nice about it. Thank you, thank you. A big tip for that kindness alone.

My husband enjoyed sampling the beers. He had the small deep dish meat pizza and loved it. In the bit I had, I could tell the meat was very fresh, the cheese was real, and the crust was good--thick but not as heavy as some places. That was definitely the only meal my husband had for the day!

I had the seared ahi salad. Oh, that was divine. Colorful with a fantastic mix of textures and tastes. I loved the dabs of wasabi at the corners of my plate. I'm grateful that they had a full menu of "enlightened" choices with calories clearly labeled; I wish more places did that. I felt like I got to eat out responsibly and have a fantastic treat, too. (To note: I love the ahi salad down at Yardhouse, too, but the two salads vary widely in ingredients.)

We're already talking about opportunities to make a return visit here for a date lunch.
Service is wonderful. The biggest surprise has been how fast the food comes out while still being fresh and full of flavor every time.
I visit BJ's frequently for both dine-in and take-out. I'm always very happy with the quality of food, especially the California Chicken Sandwich, and the Salmon! The unique cocktails make happy hour a delight and the selection of beers is extensive and always evolving.

The only thing I've had an issue with is a medium-well burger, it always come out WELL done. Other than that, the staff is quick, friendly and accommodating.
Came here during lunch & were seated right away.  It was pretty busy but our server got our drink order right away.  We took some time to look at the pretty large menu & decided on getting something off of the lunch menu. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken & hubby ordered Buffalo Wings.  Food came out quickly & piping hot.  My chicken breast was delicious but very small, which I guess isn't a bad thing since it's just lunch.  The country gravy served with the chicken is delicious & their shoestring french fries are so crispy & flavorful! I think I could make a meal out of their fries & gravy, actually! We decided to try their pizookie sampler & chose peanut butter, oreo & salted caramel. Omg. I'm salivating thinking about those little pizza pans of awesomeness.  They were warm & oh so delicious. PB was our favorite :)

When it was time to pay my husband realized he left his wallet at home, no biggie, I have mine...wait (digs thru purse)...no...no I don't. Crap. So we're sitting there & my husband says he will go all the way home & get it.  Luckily, I glanced over at the little BJ Rewards sign at our table & noticed it says that if you sign up for their rewards program you can pay your bill with your phone! Whoa. Talk about perfect.  So we did & thank goodness because I really wasn't looking forward to sitting at the table awkwardly while my husband went back home ;)

We'll definitely be back for dinner & drinks because their beer & drink menu looked pretty neat!
Pizza is really good and the 1/2 pound burger with fried jalepeno slices is really, really good.  Huge beer selection, including their own brew.  It's a nice place inside and our server was one of the best we've had in a long time.
They sat 27ppl at 2 tables around us shortly after we ordered.  Our waitress was way over whelmed to say the least.  Our drinks sat empty and we waited 45mins for our food.  Which was cold and obviously had been under a heat lamp for several mins.  No other waitress or manager helped.  Finally had to yell and waive one down to get some attention.  Food would have probably been good if it was hot...sucked bad.  Won't be back...
I love this placeeeee. Mixture of the yard, and the cheesecake factory. Great ambiance here.

My veggie pizza with the jalapeño was phenomenal!!!

The trio pizzookiieeeeeee. Ahhhh. Loveeee.
Service was bad but Manager made up for it with free dessert.  Food was ok.  I have had better ar other locations.  I may give them another chance.
A bunch of us got together for dinner last week to get caught up.  I've eaten at the Chandler location and really enjoyed it.  This time was different:

First of all...the service was exemplary.  The decor is cute and the restaurant was actually so cold we all carried sweaters.

The food, however, was only ok.  I had the ahi salad and substited poke.  There was a really strong dressing that made it  inedible.  2 of my dining companions also had salads, which were prononounced "adequate".  Our other dining companion had pasta, which she liked.

Ultimately, the experience was not horrible but was not exemplary either.  For those who live in the area and know the menu, it's a safe choice

As for me, I'm not inclined to go back.
Normally I'm a big fan of BJ's Restaurant, but tonight... Slow and somewhat inattentive staff.  After a 45 minute wait, we were seated, but it took another 10 minutes just to get our waters, which Michael (our waiter) spilled on the table.  We walked out after that.
Start with the caprese salad. It's less than $4 and sooooo amazing! To drink get the Irish Root beer if you're 21+. You won't regret it! Made with handcrafted root beer. They also have tons of beer in draft but nothing you would usually see anywhere. But if you want a boring standard beer, your waiter will recommend something close but craft. They are so knowledgeable with their beers it's refreshing. Then, order the deep dish buffalo pizza. The hot sauce they put on there isn't your normal Franks Red Hot Sauce. It's kinda sweet, mild and tangy. Dessert? Save room for the pazookie!!! Mushy baked cookie right to your table. Amazing. And they're open late and everyone is friendly..
The only things that don't make this place get the 5 stars are the margaritas and the the wait times to be seated. 

Other than that the food is great and so is the service! I always have a great server and the hostess are always helpful. 

I still have yet to try the pizza but so far all the other things have been great. Especially the pulled pork sandwich.
A favorite date night place.  I had a hefe, the corn fritters and the deep fried artichoke.  Heaven in my mouth.  The only problem was our server was a tad spacey and repeatedly forgot my husbands salad.  Management ended up comping it since it didn't arrive until well after we finished eating, so NBD.
I had been to the Gordon Biersch in Tempe several times before going to this one in GIlbert. I'm not sure I was ever in love with their food (or their microbrew), but the atmosphere in Tempe was always very upbeat and lively, which made it a destination to go out for dinner on a weekend night. But, at this location, it is much quieter, leaving you with only the food and drinks... which aren't anything more special than something along the lines of a Chilis... but, everything is more expensive. 

Bottomline: I'd go back if someone else wanted to go, but it wouldnt be a place I would pick myself. Not terrible, but not worth the extra money.
This is the only GB that I have been too so I can't compare it to another one.  My wife and I have gone to this GB many times.  Their food, beer, and service are good.  This place has a nice atmosphere and sometimes hard to get a seat at.  The only downside to this place is the price, it can be a little expensive. 

Overall, I will definitely be a repeat customer.
I have two words for you:  Beer and Tapas.  For some reason, I am just in love with the tapas plate they have.  The hummus is almost as good as homemade, the garlic, well, it's worth smelling like garlic - and the olives push me over the edge.  The only downside is I usually have to order extra pita bread to finish everything up.

The beer selection is good, and the staff is usually very good at helping you pick if you aren't sure what you are in the mood for.  While not all of them go with beer, I have never had a dessert here that has disappointed me.  

The atmosphere is laid back, and I've been in there when they were packed, and when they are almost empty, the service has been the same across the board.  All in all, a night at Gordon Biersch is usually fun enough to end with a cab ride home.
You can't go wrong with great beer and good food. The patio is pretty cool and you can usually get a quick seat if you are a passport member, that was the best $20 I ever spent. You cannot go wrong with the pulled pork sandwich, the mushroom burger or their pizza. They usually have decent fish that is on their specials menu, buy you have to remember that this is a beer company, so don't get too crazy. I usually hit this place up a few times a month and I am usually happy when I leave.

GREAT BEER!
The food here is generally pretty good.  Drink selection is great.  Service is normally above average.  The only thing stopping it from getting 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive relative to comparable quality places.
Gordon Biersch is, like most chains, consistent in quality and service. This is why we keep going back.

I like the fact that they offer their own house brand of beer (and great options) but you can also choose from your favorite American and imported brands, if that's what you want. They have some good options for cocktails, and their prices are what you would expect - a bit high, but not skyrocket.

Again, food is consistent. My favorite is the Gorgonzola Pear Salad which is great with their hefeweisen. Their burgers are first rate and quite large - my friend and I split one for lunch once and it was the perfect size portion for each of us. We were thrilled that the server was nice enough to plate it for us, even splitting the fries - many places will just bring you one plate as the serving and a smaller plate for sharing (why don't people think?). Although the desserts seem tempting, I've always been too full to sample them.

I've been there when the service was very good, and when it was just OK, but I've never had any major service issues and other than what's noted above, nothing spectacular either. 

The decor is nice and although the ceilings are high the restaurant isn't too loud, surprisingly. They have an outdoor patio and a full bar as well. The mall location is great - we often go there before or after a movie.

Overall it's a good restaurant, and you know what to expect - you aren't likely to be surprised one way or the other. It's a great place to go with a group of people too, and they will likely be what you remember about the dinner, rather than the food, service or atmosphere. Isn't that really how it should be?
Stopped for lunch on Sunday after a visit to the Apple Store next door. My wife and I opted for the special, mahi-mahi with rice and asparagus. The rice was fluffy ( not sticky) and the fresh asparagus was a delight! Not overdone, but nice, fresh, and loaded with natural sugars and cooked in olive oil! The mahi-mahi was topped with a bruschetta of tomato, olives, seasonings, with a base of olive oil. Deeeeelicious! My wife had the Czech micro brew but I did a diet Coke as I was the driver. Pricing moderate, atmosphere casual and quiet. Service excellent.
It is Oktoberfest and that means beer and sausage! I glanced over the menus, but stuck with the Oktoberfest menu and chose the 3 German sausage meal with braised red cabbage, sauerkraut mashed potatoes and 2 kinds of mustard with a half litre Festbier. My friend ordered the tomato grilled cheese (which was excellent) with garlic fries (tons of garlic) and a tomato bisque soup. The soup kind of sucked - it tasted like Ragu - too thick and tomatoey and not enough basil. The waitress was kind enough to swap it out for a most excellent lobster bisque (rich and a little thin, but great flavor).

The ad on the table tempted me throughout the meal with a brownie sundae. Talk about happy finish! Good googly-moogly!! The brownie was warm, dark and delicious. Top that with vanilla ice cream, some bailey Irish cream, caramel and chocolate sauce. Freak! It was worth the $6.95.

As a side note, I have also previously ordered the beer sampler - nice selection if you are unsure what house beer to order. Get them all!

The place is typically busy, but the staff has always fast and friendly. Good tip left for swapping the soup and keeping the drinks full.
I had a great meal here today and decided to make it an early birthday lunch since I received an online 2 for 1 coupon.  This location never seems very crowded, and it was a beautiful day on the patio.  Our server was very bubbly and knowledgeable and gave us plenty of time to decide...we were in no rush and their menu is fairly extensive.  They do have a special Octoberfest menu which includes a variety of german entrees including bratwurst, frankfurters, schnitzel etc.

I felt like eating fairly healthy, so I had the blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich (see pics) with the cajun remoulade on the side.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the bun fresh and the garlic fries are amazing, smothered in fresh garlic and parsley!  I only had a few and my partner indulged in the rest.  He had the BBQ chicken pizza which has a nice kick from the Marzen BBQ sauce.   It's definitely a big serving for one person, but he was really hungry.  He started off with the house salad which looked delicious and includes bacon, egg and candied pecans.  I would definitely recommend this place....great food, solid value, excellent service and nice atmosphere.
Went for afternoon drink and snacks with 5 folks.  Sat outside (pleasant even in 85 degree heat).   Great microbrew selection - tried the selection of appetizers - Tapas (garlic, olive tappenaude, tomatoes and hummus), Grilled Asparagas, Kobe Slides and Garlic Fries.   Food was ok, hummus a bit dry, asparagus nothing to write home about.  Waitress was friendly and helpful - she brought out a sample of Heffenweisen.
Misters available when heat cranks up a bit more.  Friend has a 10% off coupon in her wallet - so can't complain on price ;-)
We had about 20 minutes (actually, like EXACTLY 20 minutes!) to kill before a movie at San Tan mall, so we decided to pop in for a quick drink.  

We made it just in time for a last call for happy hour, and I was VERY pleasantly surprised to hear that I could get a Grey Goose martini for $5.  Sweet!  We also ordered the southwestern egg rolls - which seem like no matter where you order them they always taste the same - "tasty".  

We told the waitress we were trying to make a movie, and she made sure to get us in and out in the the 20 minutes.  2 thumbs, and this will certainly NOT be the last happy hour here.
We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner and decided to try this place since we've been to the happy hour at the Old Town Pasadena location with friends before.  We were seated promptly and ordered ourselves some soft drinks.  The waitress was nice and ready to serve us even though it was around 8pm already.

I had the house specialty, steak frites, and my fiance had the buffalo burger, which was the burger special of the week.  Honestly, my steak frites was not worth the $19.  The whole plate was pretty much all garlic fries and few strips of beef on top.  My fiance's burger was a little too gamey and couldn't finish it all.  

*Location = nice.  just a few steps from the shops.
*Food = wasn't worth the money but maybe other dishes are better?
*Ambiance = very relaxing
*Service = good
Tonight I came with a group of people. One guy in the group did illegally sneak in a bottle of beer from another establishment in the San Tan Mall complex. He was quiet, but it was brought to the manager's attention. He came over and told the guy that he could not bring the drink in and needed to get rid of it. The guy said you mean drink it? The manager said you need to get rid of it, so they guy drinks it and hands the bottle over to the manager. No one else in the restaurant saw an issue, but the manager said he refused to service not only him but the entire party. Good for you - we went elsewhere.He could have told the guy not to drink the beer and taken the bottle, but the rest of the party wasn't doing anything out of line. The waitress was nice and it is unfortunate, but sometimes nice people suffer too. I did not bring a drink into the building but was refused service as well, so I have no interest in supporting your establishment any longer. Good luck surviving the recession.
Very good food and excellent beer.  A little expensive on some dishes.  But overall, very good food.  You have to try the Lobster & Shrimp Mac-n-Cheese.  The wait staff is friendly and prompt.  The dining room has a little more upscale feel to is, but children seem welcomed.  We brought our 7 month old and he loved looking at all the fancy wall and ceiling decorations.
I had a burger here tonight and it was amazing. It was the burger of the week, with cracked pepper, mozzarella and blue cheese. I had it medium and it came out really juicy and melted in my mouth. I also like the seating, we were sat near the outdoor patio so it felt like we were outside but we weren't. You'll have to go there to see what i mean. I like that the seats aren't so close together and on top of each other. Our waiter, was great, prompt and polite. Din't try too hard, he was just right. I ordered a Mai Tai and it was yummy although at $9 a little pricy. My garlic fries were good too. If I ever want a burger, I will go back to this place for sure.
I've been to GB many times and nearly always have a good experience.  They have quite a solid menu all around.  I really enjoy their SW eggrolls, garlic fries, burgers, chicken pesto pasta, pizzas, and steaks.  The deserts are very delicious.  Portions are typically pretty generous and quality is consistently good.

If you want to go for a beer and appetizer, GB is a really good choice as well.  Their brews are good, they have a lot of happy hour specials to choose from, and the bar area has a good ambiance.  They always have good tunes playing and several HD screens with various sports on.  This is one of my favorite chain restaurants.
Got seated, barely acknowledged by the waiter. Had to ask for a menu. Asked a question about the menu...got some vague response because he appeared to be too busy for us. Walked out. Wont return. I hate shitty service.

bald. K*nt
The service from our waiter was quite good. He is the reason I gave GB more than one star. My wife and I went with my parents after a movie, hoping for a good meal. After spending 70 dollars on four entrees and 20 dollars on drinks, we got out after tax and tip for over 100 dollars. The food was flavorless, expensive, small portions, and boring. It was very disappointing. My dad ordered the lobster crab cakes, which came in a pair, and about two inches in diameter. The price on these were I believe over 20 dollars. I don't think I would go back, maybe just for reverse happy hour. Our server was the highlight of the evening.
I don't wanna talk bad about this place, because it IS better than Chili's and Applebee's. It's definitely a step up from them, but I wish I could rave more. I wish I was more of a beer person to enjoy the brewery side to this restaurant but hubby is and he says that their beer is just ok.. 

My fav to get is the Kobe Burger (8 oz. American-style Kobe beef burger is grilled with cheddar cheese with garlic fries). Very freshly made! Their handmade root beer is so good, it tastes like the old-time A&W root beer, something special about it. It's difficult to get the bartender's attention no matter what time we go though. Borders between a 3 to a 4, but I'll bump it up because I'm feeling generous today.
I really like this place and have been there often.  I have always had good service, but have always sat in the bar area.  The food is good, needs a little more flavor....and is a bit over priced.  The happy hour is really good and has great prices.
I come here for two things: their awesome outdoor patios and their Hefeweizen. (Correction: I do get cravings for their awesome Fried Artichokes appetizer, too).

The Patio -- there are two patios. One has a window that opens into the bar and has tall tables. The other has normal height tables, a sofa seating area, and a fire place. If you want to eat outside at Happy Hour, you need to go to the bar side patio. No need to wait to be seated. 

The Hefeweizen -- while I'll take recommendations for great hef's (my search is still limited as of this writing), this place so far has the best one. It's creamy and, according to our server when I asked her what made theirs different, it's made with the genuine unfiltered true German technique -- or something like that -- where many other hef's are often not.

The Service -- It's hit and miss. If you get Donna, it's great. Sometimes with other servers we don't get noticed for very long periods of time, though, and we have to ask the bar tender to flag someone down. For a while we kept getting one very bad server. He was totally unhelpful, misinformed, and acted like he thought we were dorks. The last time we got him and he was rude, we asked the manager if we could get someone else. YAY! We got Donna! And we've never seen the rude guy there since (we go a lot).

The Food -- it's decent, nothing amazing, although the Fried Artichokes rock. 

For vegans and vegetarians -- We've had different things custom-made and they're good about that. They have a great-sounding vegetarian pizza that us vegans have to pass on, but we always special order our cheese-less pizza and ask them to add fresh basil. 

They have a vegetarian pasta dish. Unfortunately, their black beans and rice have an animal broth (boo!). The garlic fries are vegan. There are other sides and things we order and tell them to pass on the cheese.

But watch out -- the olive tepenade on the Tapas plate has anchovies. We have them double up the hummus or bruscetta topping instead.
Love the beer, the appetizers are good too.  Just a great place to hang out, can't wait until it cools down and can hang in the patio!
Not really thrilled with this place.  I expected more of an interesting beer selection.  The food was good but nothing to rave about.  Our salads and entrees arrived back to back which I was not thrilled about.  The inside was nice and the staff friendly.  My husband and I agreed that it was not good enough to go back to.
Ordered jalepano cream sauce over linguine with tilapia. Was their special of the day. One of the worst dishes I've ever had. Staff is bad, food is below average, but the beer is decent. The outdoor patio is nice, but lacking character. The garlic fries are good. Overall, go here because there are few choices in the "land of chain food".
My husband and I met a couple of our friends here for a business lunch. 

Our waitress was super friendly and seem very knowledgable. She was extremely patient even though it took us at least 20 minutes to order. 
 
We started off with beers. Hefewiezen is delicious. (A German-style wheat beer that is crisp and refreshing. This light and sparkling beer is known for its signature aroma that suggests cloves and bananas). 

However, if you cannot choose your favorite flavor, I would suggest The Sampler. It gives you a sample of all five beers in the shooter glasses. 

As for the actual food (remember we were here for a lunch), we wanted to step outside of our 'comfort zone' so we decided to order something that we usually would not. 

I had Lobster and Shrimp Mac 'N Cheese (Our twist on the classic mac 'n cheese. Sautéed lobster and shrimp tossed in a creamy parmesan-havarti cheese sauce with bowtie pasta - $19.95). 

All I can say is... WOW!! This dish should not even have words mac 'n cheese in it because they don't do it any justice.  The flavors definately blew my mind! For all those who (heart) cheese, pasta and seafood, this dish should be a must!!

My husband ordered Blackened Mahi Mahi Sandwich (with Cajun remoulade, baby greens, tomatoes and Garlic Fries - $11.95).

Neither of us eat Mahi Mahi often but I must say that if I ever had a craving for some Mahi Mahi Sandwich, this would be a place to go to. Once again, the flavors blended perfectly. The only negative comment I would have about this dish is that it was a tad bit peppery for my taste buds.

All in all GB is great place to go to. We definately will be back, with or without our friends! ;)
I have been to Gordon Biersch 3 times now. I have had their sliders, garlic fries, south western eggs rolls, lobster bisque, and tapas. I will say the only thing I was not a fan of was the lobster bisque. I am very particular when it comes to soups and I like soups that are chunky, not ones that are just broth or soups that have been pureed. The lobster bisque had no chunks of lobster and no lobster flavor. So tell me why they call it lobster bisque? I dunno. Anyways, this is kinda like an Applebees or Chilis but a little more upscale and trendier. Same kinda food though, american bar food. So I wouldn't come here and order some kind of fancy pasta, seafood and probably wouldn't order a steak. But the apps, sammiches, and drinks are pretty tasty. Oh yeah, drinks. I have had a beer flight and it was ok. I'm not a big beer drinker. If you are though, the beer flight is a fantastic option to figure out what their best brew is. One drink I am a fan of from Gordon Biersch is the pomegranite mojito. I could drink 10 of these things and not think twice till after I am hugging the porcelain goddess. Haha. They are really fruity and smooth. Great girly drink! Go here is you are looking for a good happy hour or after work location to have a few drinks and bites with friends   :)
went once and that was enough for me. the waitress was snotty and not at knowledgeable-when asked if the seasonal brew was hoppy, she said no and looked at me like i was crazy. the beer was extremely hoppy, of course. she ignored us once she found out we weren't ordering food and the beer was mediocre and overpriced.
This place seems like an original pub-like restaurant, but it has a more American feel to it.  And the decor is pretty new. I did try one of their handcrafted beers.  I'm not much of a beer fan, but their Golden Export was light and tolarable than most beers.  There's still that "beer taste", but it's not that bitter and heavy as some of the beers I've had.  I do like the service there.  It was St. Patrick's Day, and I wanted to have some green beer.  When I first asked for it, they replied with that they don't offer it,  but the waiter was kind enough to make a request to the bartender.  Soon afterwards, I got my green beer for St. Patty's Day.  Yay! :-)

There wasn't anything that stuck out to me on the menu. For the food portion, I decided to order a simple seafood cobb salad.  Can't go wrong with that.  At first I thought that $14 for a salad is a bit over priced, but man, th portion was huge.  A huge bowl was placed before me and I started to chow down.  The fresh real crab and baby shrimp scattered throughout the salad and added a nice twist to the traditional cobb salad.  The ingredients were fresh and the lettuce was crisp.  I would have liked it better if there was more seafood in the dish.  A vinaigreete works beautifully with cobb salads.  With 4 different different housemade vinaigrettes to choose from, they all seemed great to compliment the salads.  I tried to the Marzen balsamic vinaigrette by the recommendation of the server.  It has the tangy balsamic taste, but not overwhelming to mask the light flavors of the seafood in the salad.

An average score for pretty good service, but so-so selection and food taste.
I love this place.  I go here a lot for beers and enjoy the atmosphere in the bar area.  Their beers are all pretty decent especially the Marzen.

The food is really enjoyable.  I actually wish I came here to eat instead of drink to try more things on the menu.  I love the garlic fries.  The lobster bisque is also excellent as well as the southwest egg rolls.  I've had some burgers and other stuff on the menu all of which were good.  

It is really only missing some dish on the menu that you absolutely have to go there and get again.
Good BBQ pizza and the beer sampler. prefect meal.
We were spending Memorial Day checking out thrift shops when we got hungry, and decided to stop by  for some food and a beer (or two).

We hit right at the lunch rush, but were quickly seated.  I had the Czech Style Pilsner, and my date tried the Hefewizen.  Both beers were excellent, full bodied and fresh.

The menu had so many choices, but we finally decided.  I had the loaded baked potato and salad, which was great choice.  The salad had candied nuts and lots of fresh veggies, and I even got the blue cheese dressing, which was creamy and fresh.

The Kobe Beef Burger was also tasty, only downside is they say they won't serve it less than medium. Guess they heard us, because it was still pretty pink when it came out.  The garlic fries were also tasty.

The staff was prompt and friendly, and the manager made the rounds to make sure everyone was enjoying their meals.

It was a perfect lunch for the last day of a long weekend.
Oh Biersch, how I love you! This is one of my favorite places to go for Happy Hour. I love their atmosphere -  it is upbeat, classy and fun. It's never too loud, even if its packed. To be perfectly honest though... their beer is just O.K., not my favorite. But I go here more for the atmosphere and the socializing than the beer. Their wine and cocktails are great though! I usually stick with those. Their bartenders/ servers are great, always fun to talk to. :) 

It seems like they get a bad wrap on their food, but I think it's pretty good! I usually always order an app when I go, so it must be good :) Sometimes, their calamari has been soggy but it was still okay. All of their other appetizers are yum!!! 

Most definitely a great place to go for Happy Hour, for a date nite, or with a group of friends :) 

P.s. Order a slice of their Oreo pie. To die for! ;)
I love GB for their Happy Hour and their Dragonberry Mojitos!  I'm a huge fan of the tapas appetizer.  I only wish they had more vegetarian items on the menu.  Great ambiance, great service....will continue to be one of our "go to" places near home.

Update 5/15/12:  They've changed their menu and added a vegetarian and vegan section!  Love it!
This is a decent place.  The food is consistently good (not spectacular, but good).  A bit greasy, perhaps.  Service is generally good.  Beer is better than average (though no match for some other microbrews I could name).

They also have a decent happy hour.  $3 off beer, and a selection of "appetizers" at various prices under about $11 (the "combo" plates are $11, everything else is less).
I love Gordon Biersch.  Biersch Biersch, Biersch, down into my belly.

I enjoy their beer.  I enjoy their food, and I enjoy their atmosphere.  I have been going to this Biersch location for about 2.5 years and I love it.  Awesome happy hour prices and amazing staff that is always helpful and fun.

People who complain about the prices need to utilize the happy hour prices which are available daily.  Even not on happy hour, their beers are only $4.  I've had more expensive beers elsewhere.
The good news is the chef or whoever pretends to do that can't screw up the beer. The food is another story. Lunch pulled pork sliders actually made me ill. Lukewarm congealed pulled pork (probably from a huge days old refrigerated batch) concoction on nondescript rolls with a strange onion? pile of something on the middle of plate. Not cheap either. I'd recommend you go down the street a block to Brio.
We've done happy hour here several times.  The appetizers they prepare are generally pretty good.  Today we ate lunch.  This review is only for lunch.

The chicken parmesan sandwich was mediocre.  The chicken was overcooked, the marinara was very mild, and the breading had no seasoning.  Definitely skip this one if you come here.  

My wife had a sausage pasta dish that was pretty good.  I could see ordering that one again.

Service was adequate.  Not as attentive as it should have been, but adequate.
Kobe cheeseburger or sliders are always a win. Holy hell the garlic fries aren't joking about the garlic, but they ARE delicious.
Happy hour mini fresh mozzarella pizza!  Schwarzbier!
I loved the atmosphere. The beer was good. My date and I split the gigondor plate of appetizers and it was really good. I doubt the sliders are kobe, however, I dont know if I cared. (When I think of sliders, I think of White Castle... if you want them to be "sliders", make them with cheap beef, not Kobe, or call them mini burgers). Anywhoop... we sat at the bar. The bartender was nice & was attentive enough without being annoying. Overall, I enjoyed myself there. I think I might go there more often and try out more of the menu. This location is WAY better than the location on Mill, without a doubt.
Let first say I like Gordon Biersch but they could use a little work. The hostess was very friendly and welcoming when I entered the restaurant.
I went there last Thursday night for drinks and appetizers with a friend. We split the Brewer's Feast* American-style Kobe Beef Sliders, Garlic Fries,
Southwest Egg Rolls and Hummus with garlic crostini for 17.95. I would be willing to bet my pay check that was not Kobe beef on the sliders. It was dry ordinary beef with no flavor. I've read past reviews on Gordon's and many people rave about the garlic fries, they were just ok, actually a little soggy. The southwest egg rolls were good they're always a favorite of mine. The hummus was a total flop, lacked flavor. I ordered a couple of beers, I had their seasonal winter brew which had good flavor and a golden. The beer is always good and I love ambience of Gordon's. The bartender could've been a little more attentive considering it was a slow rainy Thursday night. One suggestion is Gordon's could lower their prices, its a bit on the steep side. All things considered I would return Gordon's because I love the location and 1 of the few brewery's nearby.
We came here for dinner for me and reverse happy hour for my wife, we ordered our appetizers and after finishing them and looking over the menu for a few minutes we were ready to jump into the overpriced entrees. We were then informed that we couldn't order dinner. Maybe when they see someone coming in and telling them they are...here for dinner...they might give them a heads up that the kitchen Is closing so we can order our meals and not be told five minutes after it did close..fourth time we've given this place a and got crappy service. Bartender got a buck tip and we had to go find another restaurant for dinner, Needless to say we won't be giving them another chance. Not good Gordon B. Not good.
I have been here about 6 times. First 3 visits after opening the food and service was beyond excellent. Last visit was nothing short of ridiculous, we sat around 20 minutes before I had to get up and complain for lack of service. Food portions seemed to be skimmed down.
Had our monthly book club here. Was nice that we could make a reservation, but we probably didn't need it as it wasn't that busy on a Thursday night. Our server was good but seemed a little over-anxious to get our orders going. Portion sizes of salads are interesting. I had a seafood cobb, which was HUGE, and very tasty. Someone else ordered a dinner salad, which was still around the price of a full salad but she had about a third of what I did (and I could be generous in saying that- could have been a quarter size). I enjoyed the atmosphere very much, and wouldn't mind coming back and seeing what their other entrees are like. The pasta dish someone else ordered looked quite good. Yeah, I'll be back.
While trekking to the neighborhood Apple store, we thought we might give this place a try.  Being that it was happy hour, DH and DS and I took a hi-top table in the bar and settled down looking for some good food (we could smell those burgers everywhere in San Tan Village!).

DH ordered the Asian Fusion combination platter which had Southwestern Egg Rolls, Chinese Potsticker, and Tempura Shrimp.  At $11, it was a little pricey but it was a decent portion for a dinner and would have been a shareable appetizer for 2 or 3.  Presentation was nice and the sauces were tasty.

DS ordered the BBQ burger which was a nice sized burger. Interestingly they didn't ask how he wanted it done which meant in my world, I was having nothing to do with it. I can't stand a well or medium-well burger and that is exactly what they served up. And it came with a pile of garlic fries.  The verdict is still out on those.  DS, who lives for anything garlic, even remarked that they were just a little to heavy-handed with the garlic seasoning on them.

Oh - and one other thing that just slayed me - yellow mustard!  In this day and age of $11 burgers, please chef, freaking offer something other than yellow mustard!  It is like setting a table with the best china and linens and then giving someone a plastic fork - there is a time and place for yellow mustard, but not on anything other than fast food.

DS and I both had  the Lobster Bisque.  At $4.50 a cup, I had high expectations.  Wow. Such a disappointment.  It arrived with a swirl of sour cream on top so I had high hopes at the start but......there was nothing in it. Not a speck of lobster. Yes, it was rich, Yes, it was creamy.  But NOTHING in it. It was lobster-flavored bisque.  Oh, wait, yes, there were some lumps in it - not sure if it was some roux that had not been whisked in (doubtful) or more likely the pot scum that you get with cream sauces. So this is off my recommended list - if you are going to have bisque, put something in it besides soup base and white sauce - heck, I can get that from a can of Campbells.....

I ordered the Turkey combo (1/2 turkey sandwich, and a soup or salad) opting for the house salad.  Interestingly enough, DH ordered a house salad on the side - his came with spiced pecans and way more cheese so realize this is not a full house salad included in the combo.  The turkey 1/2  sandwich came with watercress mayo which was heavily laden with garlic (it tasted oddly like one of the sauces DH got with his platter - I think it was just the overwhelming garlic flavor that made everything taste alike).The sandwich was a decent portion and was not a bad deal with the salad for the price but I ended up eating it without 1/2 of the toast since that mayo was just - well, for lack of a better term - gross.  It was too overwhelming of a flavor with the mild turkey.  I'd recommend asking for it on the side and deciding yourself.

Service - well, that left a lot to be desired. It was happy hour and the place was dead except for the bar.  Asking for dressing on the side of the salad was ignored. Could not get extra napkins or much attention at all.  

All in all - it was okay. Nothing I would go out of my way for.  Our bill for three, including tip, was $64. That included one beer, one soda, and the above food. I thought a little overpriced.  So next Apple visit, we will venture and try somewhere else.
My boyfriend and I recently went here for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised. I had the dragonfly mojito and it was super yummy and such a girly drink, only $5 on happy hour! We ordered the egg rolls, crab dip and slider combo. All the food was completely delicious and hot. Our waitress, Erica V, was very sweet and attentive (wish there were more like her). The only thing was the total bill was pricey because we overindulged in all the yummy appetizers and drinks. We will be back!
I was told this was a great place so I wanted to try it out.
Went there for lunch, sat at the bar tables.
Pros: TV's, Food, Helpful & friendly staff.
Cons: place was a lil $$, Garlic Fries were not at all how I have had them at other locations, small portion, and just a lil Garlic... Hello Garlic Fries.
This is still a very nice place, I could as easily give it 4 Stars, but I went for Garlic Fries and was heavily disapointed, I will be back.
Well that was a disappointment. We used to dine here often when they first opened. Then we ventured off to other options. (Dave's) The service was always great. Well it has changed. We are Passport members and received a coupon for a Cheeseburger & beer for $10 on Tax Tuesday only. The husband called ahead and asked if we could use the coupons for our non-drinking members but still have the beers for us. He was assured they were flexible with coupon. The fine print said: one coupon per person. So after a 20 minute wait to sit, our waitress arrives and tells us no that won't work with the coupons. We order drinks and try not be annoyed. We decide on three cheeseburgers and pizza. Then the waitress returns (without the drinks) and says the manager said the coupon deal will work. Oh well we've decided differently. So we order and wait for our beers.....................................................................and wait..............................................................oh here they are. Warm. No apology just 'here you go'. Then we wait..................................................................................................and get our dinner. The WAITRESS realizes we have no utensils or napkins. So we wait.............................................but I see some on a clean table inside, I walk in and take them off the table. As I'm walking out I run into her she says "oh, sorry". So I finally dig in and it's so blah, we ordering the beef medium and it was overcooked very charred on the outside with a slice of cheddar, a bit of shredded lettuce, slice of tomato, on a big bun. I had garlic fries as they used to be so good. These were cold, greasy and mushy. The waitress never came by to ask how the meal was. But she finally showed up and stated "you are welcome to one more beer would you like it"? Yes, and then we ............you guessed it! WAIT..........................................................................................................................................................................................Sigh. She finally brought it and it was a least cold this time. Then we were done and yes, we waited and waited and waited for the check. Until we got up and could have left but we went inside and ....waited. The I think the manager went and found it for us. So dear waitress, we are good tippers even for unspecial service but never, never for complete disregard for any customer service. 
I can't see us going back any time in the near future.
This Gordon Biersch has an outstanding bar - one of the best in the area. The staff is friendly and really know their beer. Our waiter, Brent, suggested their seasonal brew - turned out to be an excellent choice. The appetizers are huge and very tasty.   Happy hour in effect all day on Sunday. We will be back
Gordon Biersch is now one of my favorite go-to spots because they have vegan, vegetarian and gluten free food menus. It is a great place to go with a diverse group with diverse needs. And of course, they have BEER. Beer is always good.
This GB is one of our favorite places to stop for snack and good seasonal beer.  We try for Sundays to do our shopping in the area and stop here....because it is Happy Hour in the bar area all day long.  Great specials on their beers, wine and appetizers.  We have tried several of their appetizers, but you can't beat their garlic fries here!! YUM-O!
Anyhow, the service here is always great.  The hostess, bartenders and waitress are always friendly and ready to take your order.  It is especially nice when the weather is beautiful then they open up the patio/bar area.  Great place to watch games...plenty of TV's.  I frequent the Mill Ave. location, because I work in the area and it does not compare to the San Tan GB.
Ate here for the first time this weekend and I was very pleased with my overall experience. I had Vegan taco's with black beans substituted for garlic fries and a delicious hot tea called "Hint of Mint."  For all you tea lovers out there they have a pretty good selection of tea's and quite a few are decaf. We were seated right away in a nice booth and our waiter was very nice and clean cut. The food came out quickly and was delicious for both me and my brother. He had a chicken cooked three different ways dish, sorry the name escapes me. My big bro also had a German beer called Hefeweizen I did try a sip and as a non-drinker I found it delicious and very balanced. 

The only reason it won't get five stars from me is the price tag of my meal. I had two taco's, cup of black beans, and a single glass of tea. My total at the end of the meal? $19.00 not including tip. This was not a split my brother and I went Dutch for this meal and I found that to be pretty pricey considering what I ordered. Don't me wrong I'm not a miser or anything I just think for one person $25 (tip included) for lunch is hefty! Right? Come on everybody!
All day happy hour on Sunday makes for a great deal. New Imperial Pilsner is tasty.
Love Gordon Biersch for their lunch and happy hour specials.  The Southwest Egg Rolls are divine and who can pass up their garlic fries.  Always get great service.
Good food, good beer, good service, good atmosphere! What more colud you want? Cedar Plank Salmon ... mmmmmm.
Gordon Biersch is consistent no matter where you go - DC, Gilbert, Honolulu, you know what you'll get when you walk through the door:  good food with good lagers. The food is reasonable, and the beers are good.  If you're looking for 5 star food, check the Michelin guide.  If you want  an excellent, fresh seasonal lager at a good price, go to GB and try their Festbeer.  You won't be led astray.  Pair that with the Moroccan Chicken, and you'll get your money's worth.  GB is good.
It's a shame the service was so horrible since the beer was delicious.  We had to wait 45 min for our meals, and the only time our waitress came to the table was to introduce herself and give us the tab.  The food was pretty good, but not 80 dollars worth.  The manager was friendly and understanding.  Maybe on a differant night the experience would have been better.  It sucks that 1 waitress can ruin an entire dining experience especially it being the first time any of the 4 of us were there.  Probably going to be the last time too.  I would imagine it would be a cool place to visit if you were going just for the beer and maybe an appetizer.
Meh. I think the food is mediocre, but my wife likes it. Definitely better places around SanTan.  The service isn't the best either. It's also a little pricey for what you get. Just my opinion.
Avoid!  Like the other reviews stated, food is so so at best.  The staff was slow, and didn't ask us why we only ate a few bites out of each of our meals.  Really sad to be quite honest.
We usually really like this restaurant but DO NOT order the street taco appetizer! For $9.95 you get 4 mini corn tortilla with 1 or 2 matchstick size pieces of steak, in fact one taco only had one matchstick piece. If you go here for lunch stick to the burgers or Pizzas.
The main reason I frequent this place is for the fresh Lager Beer and Ahi Taco's.
Of course half the time they serve me Mahi ... not Ahi. (Must not translate well to Spanish)

Ok Total Wine & More and the Apple store is on the same block and their Happy Hour starts early at 9PM which also get me in the door.

Decent energy in the bar area for an East Valley location.
We were disappointed that they were so inconsistant. Then after writing them and letting them know that we were not happy campers they chose to ignore us and not answer back to explain why their pasta is so inconsistant. good one time and bad the next and then overpriced for what they served the next time. I personally do not understand why a place this expensive can be so totally inconsistant in quality. The pasta they served was old and close to dried out. Panda express is more consistant. This pasta was like it had been sitting till 3 pm after being made for lunch. We will not waste our time or money on these people who cant even answer their email from dissatisfied customers.
Good food! Like the atmosphere
Great service, Food was good but I've had much better. Very clean, Nice restrooms, open bar.
Great food, I ordered a Marzen BBQ Burger and Garlic Fries, It was yummy food!  We had a great waitress and the food was made right and got it pretty fast
Beer: good
There's surely a beer for anyone who like beer on the menu. Nothing wow but decent.
Food: average to underwhelming
They play it safe with the menu and the flavor. Its over sauced and yet still bland.
Service: hit and miss
We were treated well enough but it wasn't clear to us or the staff who was waiting our table... it took some time to get sorted.
Our dinner was over priced and the food was over cooked.  Although the food didn't taste bad, I don't think we will be returning.  We did have good service.  The waiter was on top of things.
I've been here several times, and well, it's a chain. I don't usually eat here but my husband wanted to go here. Funny enough, he actually wanted to go to BJ's and was confused. He was disappointed because they only have lager here.

Last night we actually had a 5 star experience. Our server Paul was really phenomenal. Got my kids extra fruit, really knowledgeable about beer (my husband loved chatting with him about beer and brewing) and helped me figure out the rewards program. Great service! Food was pretty good too. Hubby got the fish and chips. Fish was breaded with panko and was nice and crispy. Pretty bland though. The garlic fries were really good. I got the cheeseburger with blue cheese. Nothing phenomenal but good.

Unfortunately, I've had a lot of 1 star experiences here and I think that they are a little too expensive for the quality you get,  that I'm giving GB a 3 star overall. Hopefully last night's experience indicates improvement, but it's really a hit or miss.
way way too pricey!!
10-15 $ for appetizer??! not even taste good.
Avoid.
Farmhouse Burger aka something memorable about my Arizona trip.

 You know that part in the relationship where you're just starting out? The part where it's talking and butterflies? You know, before he shows you who he really is, and makes you wanna run home, lock your door, and hide under your covers forever? The beginning, where you have no idea he's a psycho and he treats you like a princess? This burger is so much better than that!

 I went to Gordon Biersch to eat, not to fall in love. But hey, two birds, one burger. I think I went with my mom and cousins. By "I think" I don't mean we all got so wasted that I don't remember. By "I think" I mean I THINK there were people, I KNOW they were talking, but I was too distracted by the orgasms that were happening via my taste buds. 

 Let me paint this picture for you: Bacon jam. Need I say more? No? Well I'm going to. Arugula, roasted tomatoes, mustard sauce, and a juicy beef patty topped with a fried egg, and don't forget the garlic fries! Are we absolutely sure lust and gluttony are deadly sins? I'm looking into it. Apologize in advance to everyone for the inappropriate noises you will be making while consuming. Not to be made in front of small children. You have been warned.

PS. I accept thank-you's in the form of Visa, MasterCard, or Pay Pal.
This is one of those places where groups of people are always having far more fun than you are. You know those places? Not because of anything you did wrong--but because you just didn't end up in the right section, or with the right server, or whatever.

The beer is good! I went for a happy hour and so was sitting near the bar. Near enough to see a lot of people at the bar having fun. I think that in order to have fun here, you need to sit at the bar and just drink beer without a care in the world.

The reason why is that the food is kind of bad. It's bad because it's bar quality food, but it's dressed up to be pretentious high-brow kind of food. So you order tapas or some fancy type of egg roll but it just tastes like something you can get at the food service outlet store.
Great brews and the southwest egg rolls ROCK
Good food, but witnessed the grill chef use tongs to put a raw piece of chicken on the grill and use the same ones to pull a cooked one and put it on a sandwich. MAJOR NO NO IN THE FOOD INDUSTRY! Some times its not good for a restaurant to have an open kitchen. I've have managed restaurants in my life and is why I noticed this. I informed the manager and he handled the situation properly. Unfortunately this is something I had to report to the public, so this can be looked at by corporate and handled ,so hopefully someone doesn't get sick. P.s. there marzen beer is very good. Eat at your own risk.
We're so done with this place.

Years ago Gordon's was such a great place to go for lunch when there was a fun festival on Mill Ave, or for dinner when you and your friends were going out for some fun. Now Gordon's is a place full of constant disappointments.
A couple months ago we went to the Gordon's in San Tan Village and we were served cold, tasteless food. A month later we decided to give them another try and it happened again. This time I wrote to Gordon's telling them of our unsatisfactory visits, and they were very courteous and mailed us gift cards while encouraging us to give them another try.

Today we visited the Mill Ave location and regardless that the food was free because of the gift cards I wished we hadn't gone. We sat in the self seating area near the bar. Our server was very standoffish and you could tell he didn't want to be there at all. He brought us our soda's and took our order but he didn't bother to ask how we wanted our burgers cooked, nor did he ask which option we wanted for our sides. While waiting for our food I noticed both of our glasses were dirty and had old food remnants in them!! I grabbed another server who was walking by and told her. She apologized and took the glasses. A few minutes later she brought our new sodas over and said, "Well we serve lemons and strawberries in our glasses from the lemonades but they were sterilized so the food pieces in them were clean so it's okay." Are you effing kidding me!? Finally the food came and just like the San Tan Village location the food was cold, and absolutely tasteless. We finished our meal gave the gift cards to the server and left. 

Seriously, if you're looking for a fabulous burger, great beer, excellent service and an a fun atmosphere please try San Tan Brewery which is in Chandler off of Arizona Ave and Chandler Blvd in the old town area. You won't be disappointed! As my dad would say, they could sell their burgers in India they're so good. http://www.santanbrewing.com
Or if you're near Tempe and okay with fighting for parking try Four Peak's Brewery, they're also fantastic.  http://www.fourpeaks.com/
I tried GB Beer years ago and couldn't stand it - and I'm a pretty unpicky alcoholic. Just not my thing. Went here to give the restaurant a chance and didn't care much for it here either. 

I'm not super needy, but when it takes 5 minutes to even have someone get your drink order... then another 3 to get your drink to the table that is entirely too much time. The food was OK.
I enjoy their food and beer.  Everything is from scratch and was super delicious.  I had Bistro Steak Medallians that were cooked perfectly to order.  The menu had so many different options it makes choosing between dishes difficult but the staff is very helpful.  The Happy Hour they have is awesome and it is all day on Sunday!
We have been here twice now and both times received excellent service and delicious food.  Frankly, I'm surprised it hasn't received higher ratings on yelp!  My kids love it here and get the chicken fingers with fries and Oreo pie for dessert. My husband got a stir fry the first time we went and a bruschetta chicken dish (I think it was called Mediterranean Chicken) this time and LOVED both.  I got the California burger the first time...hands down the juiciest and best burger I've ever had!  The burger bun is delicious, too...very soft and fresh tasting.  This time I got the avocado chicken sandwich....soooo yummy!  Oh and I can't forget the GARLIC FRIES!  AWESOME!  Please give this place a try...great for families!!
Really diggin the southwest egg rolls and garlic fries :) not a big fan of the beer but they have some killer cocktails! I had something with grapes and tequila...gosh, obviously I had too many cuz I don't remember the name! Lol

I would def recommend and if you had too many...it's in the mall so you can walk it off!
Good food, craft beer, and good service. The southwest egg rolls are a must and the fish tacos are better than most Mexican restaurants.
Great service.  If you're not sure what kind of beer to get, they will bring you a sample to make sure.  We love everything from the salad to the burgers and fish and chips for lunch.  Very good sangria.
They where incredibly excellent for awhile but now they seem to be falling more and more. Even the beer is warm now. Don't know what has happened.
The restaurant is somewhat ok, the venue is nice and there is plenty of space for diners, however my main disappointment came with the food. I ordered a Kobe Beef Cheeseburger and Lobster Bisque. The Lobster Bisque was forgotten until the entrée came out, which was already disappointing, but I shrugged that off. Next, the Kobe Burger came out severely different to what I ordered. I had asked for a medium rare and the burger came out medium well to almost well done. For a "Legendary Restaurant", it's disappointing how you can even mess up the burger. We also ordered some of their garlic fries. Sadly enough, I was also disappointed from those as well. While they were tasty, they lacked the basic seasoning such as salt and pepper. I would be willing to give them a second chance, however if I intend to go back in the near future, I hope they get their act together.
I am a frequent customer of this establishment and I appreciate the quality of their beer and the consistency of good service in the bar area. I have only dined in the main seating area twice, and one time it resulted in a beer bath for my wife and infant son but hey, que sera sera right? My overall experience with GB has been positive. Food is good quality but overpriced in my opinion. I tend to take advantage of their happy hour specials if possible. I have had a couple snafus regarding my order, one in particular where my dinner salad came after the entree, but they comped the salad and apologized, no big deal. My go to brew is the hefeweizen, you will not be disappointed with its banana-clovey smoothness. Cheers!
Foods pretty good but I come here for the yummy bread pudding.
I wish I had something nice to say about this place but everything about the experience today was disappointing!  I will not be visiting this location again
I've eaten a couple times at this restaurant.  The food is pretty good.  I'd give the food alone a 7 out of 10.  But the service leaves something to be desired.  The servers aren't awful, but they aren't great.  Just little things like not being quick to pick up dirty dishes, asking me to move things on the table (even though I hadn't done anything except take the napkin down off the table) so she can put a plate down, and like putting a beer down in front of me that was ordered by someone else at the table.  She quickly realized it wasn't mine, but had already spilled some in front of me (didn't even set it down on a coaster anyway) and then left the spilled beer sitting in front of me, didn't wipe it up.  So I had to use my lap napkin to clean it up.  All of these things happened on the last visit, and I should add it was a Tuesday evening around 8:00, so they weren't busy at all at the time.  I just would have liked a bit better service.

The previous times I've been here it's been much the same.  Not terrible, not great.  Food is good, beers are good, service is meh.
My wife and I went back a couple days ago and really enjoyed it this time. The beer was cold. The food was tasty and hot. And the waiter was very nice. We will be coming back.
Love the happy hour specials at this place! The staff is always super friendly and helpful! Highly recommend the egg rolls on the happy hour menu. Usually sit at the bar and get drinks super fast.
The food was pretty good. Service was decent but very slow until the end. Lindsey dropped off my check without asking me if I wanted anything else, nor after sitting on the check for about 15 minutes, did she come back over to see if there was something else I needed. Why does this always happen when I am dining solo? Not happy at all :-(
Wish I would've read the reviews before eating here, Red Robin would've been a better option. Had calamari as an appetizer, was really disappointed that it ha NO flavor at all, didn't like the white sauce that came with it and marinara really didn't taste like much either. Ordered a California burger for dinner and that too was totally bland, I NEVER salt my food even when cooking but had to add some to my burger bc the only flavor I could taste was the char from the grill, the few fries I did eat were actually pretty good and the best part of the meal. Service wasn't too bad, but no one cared to clear the table, also our waitress wasn't too responsive to checking on us or even when I told her about the calamari. 
As soon as we walked out I had severe abdominal pain and felt like I was going to vomit in the parking lot, thankfully I live close by and was able to make it home before anything happening. Needless to say, I won't be dining at Gordon Biersch again.
Nice place. Beer is cold and delicious. The wait staff is friendly and attentive and the appetizers are solid.
My husband and I recently went there and what a disappointment!  The root beer was flat, complained they brought another one and it was not good either.  It took about 40 min. to get a burger and salad!  Really????  They apologized and said the kitchen was backed up....It was in the middle of a week day and about 1/4 full.  The last time we went, maybe 6 months prior it was not anything to get excited about either, but just thought they were having a bad day.  We will not go back, at least to this location.
chain, chain, chain, chain of fools... I always break out my Aretha when I find myself here. Cold beer, unhealthy appetizers, always has patrons. I just dont get why. It is close the the theater. Chain, chain, chain....
Nothing outstanding. We ordered grilled cheese, mini brats, steak, and a chicken sandwich. 

Sandwich was cold and a little too charred. 

Mini brats were good. 

Steak was burnt 

Grilled cheese was ok. 

Server was nothing more than just a server, which is fine. I know she was busy. 

Maybe will give it another shot, as we will be living across the street soon.
We just left the restaurant and had 5 out of 6 wonderful dinners and great service by Andrew. The fish & chips was  like frozen fish sticks. Cajuan pasta salmon,  mac & cheese pasta , and chicken skewer dishes were excellent. The Heffe beer was the best on the west coast.  I would highly recommend to anyone.
Was at the mall and had an appointment so I decided to head here and have a beer while I waited.

It's a typical Gordon Biersch, but they have an indoor/outdoor bar that I noticed was popular in this area that's super nice. They also have another patio on the other side, so essentially a wrap-around seating area. Very cool.

Walked up to the bar, was greeted by a girl that didn't really impress. No smile, or welcome, just basically 'what can I get you?' That's fine, but I ordered then looked around for my beer, it had been a few minutes, and this chick is making other drinks. Not cool. I look at her she sees me and THEN gets my beer. 

So, it's really your standard GB. Nothing special. The food is okay (I've eaten at others), I like their beer, but wish they'd be more friendly and get that whole order (it's in the name - ex. in order) thing down. First come, first serve, no?

There are better bars, find them.
Went there with the hubby on valentines day  and having no kids  with us I wanted to have a nice evening  with some good food. We'll we  ended up so disappointed my husband ordered the ribeye myself the Kobe burger both came out raw .. And when I saw raw I mean practically mooing it was so disgusting .after waiting an hour for our food to be made again I was still sadly disappointed burger was dry ,steak was ordered medium rare and was well and chewy needless to say it was not the romantic dinner I had hoped for. However I will say that the manager was great and handled it amazingly he took care of  our entire dinner and apologized profusely which thanks to him I will definitely be back in hopes for a better experience
Go to this place often! The beer is great and bartenders and servers are awesome! They do seasonal brews which is awesome and provides a great change of pace. The menu could be better but the staff always makes sure you are taken care of!!!
Tonight was my first time ever eating at this restaurant. I started off with the sampler of there house brews.  I then ordered the jambalaya for my entree.  The beer was half way decent, and I enjoyed the knowledgeable presentation by our waiter who was very outstanding by the way.  The jambalaya was decent I was disappointed in the lack of seasoning, overcooked rice, and lack of meat.  Overall it was an ok experience, but our waiter is the reason I most definitely will return to this place to try the other menu options.
Great place to watch a game and have a few beverages.  I was there last night to watch the NCAA tournament, and all was well. The bar is very spacious and comfortable, the service is very good, and the food is what you hope for at a restaurant. I'll be going back for sure. Go Bucky!!!
Here on business and I was looking for a mellow place to grab a drink an have some dinner. Rachel was my server in the bar area and she very helpful with suggestions with what to order. I ended up with a burger and garlic fries and it was delicious. I will definitely try this back I'm SD.
Went there with my husband and a friend who was in town. We were seated quickly and the server was nice. The food came out and the order was wrong but no big deal we ate it anyway. It was just average food, not really worth the cost but maybe I should try something different. Wouldn't seek it out but wouldn't avoid it.
I've been here a couple of times now and the food is good... service is pretty good... but nothing is extraordinary. I know they have some fiercely loyal fans... but I just can't figure out how they can charge twice as much as similar places and still seem busy?

I will admit... the fish tacos are really, really good though. they would get another start form me if their prices were more in check with similar restaurants.
OMG...the GARLIC FRIES! SERIOUSLY,  the garlic fries!  They are super awesome!  Okay...sorry let me move past the garlic fries.  I had the Lobster and Shrimp Mac and Cheese (reco 'd by the waitress)...meh! The lobster and shrimp...small portion of both mixed in with lots of pasta  :-( The cheese sauce...bland; which is surprising given havarti and parm...but it was just...meh!  Would not order again a bit expensive for two shrimps and three pieces of lobster. My sister ordered the Lobster and Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes and she liked it but it wasn't something she would indulge in again because she said it was a bit expensive and was not that sensational. She said the cakes were good and seasoned well. We did order an appetizer,  the very tasty and extra scrumptious Southwest Egg Rolls...ORDER THESE! YOU MUST! I also had a glass of Hefeweizen, pretty good...this is my favorite choice for their craft beers. 

My advice when you go, GET THE GARLIC FRIES and the Southwest Egg Rolls fer' sure.  I mean you just gotta' but skip the pasta and crab cakes...lots more choices on the menu.  

Oh...by the way...order the garlic fries!  The reason i gave it 3 stars is because of the expense vs. the taste of our entrées.
Food is 4 stars, service restaurant 4, bar is 2.  Bartender is kind to locals, not south to the casual visitor.  Marten is best beer, wings are really good, specials keep it interesting, but food is wayyyyyyy overpriced.
Had a nice dinner, but the manager was a complete asshole! I broke my kneecap about a month ago and this was my first time out. I'm still in a leg brace. I had just gotten settled in a booth with my leg elevated. I forgot that my cane was sitting just beside the booth, and the manager came by, picked it up, and berated us for leaving it sitting next to the booth!  He said someone could have tripped and fallen and broken their leg. Ummmm, hello!? You're in the service industry. Couldn't you have politely just said, do you mind if I move this out of the way? Or if you had given us one minute, it would have been moved. After he walked away, the entire table commented on what a jerk he had been. His tone was offensive. I gave the waitress a BIG tip for having to deal with him as a boss!!!
When I visit the Phoenix area, I usually try to stop at this restaurant once during the trip.  It is situated in a great shopping complex, so my wife can shop and we can grab a great dinner on their outside deck.

The beer is always very good and the service is friendly, I was also amazed that they have great crab cakes on their menu.  Hard to believe that you could get a great seafood dinner out in the middle of the desert.
Good fish and chips and reasonably priced. The Parmesan fries are a must try and worth it. Over a great Place to eat and I will definitely come again!
Something about this place makes me want to hate it. But it's always come through for me. I always find a beer that fits my mood. And the few times I couldn't agree with a beer they replaced it free if charge! The food also never disappoints. It's pretty good. Maybe slight pricey, but not bad. And the happy hour entrées are great and priced well. When the weather is right, the patio is no doubt the best place to hang and people watch.
I've been to this location a few times and I have to say it's always just ok. 

Last night my husband I both had a cheeseburger and it wasn't good. Very dry and tasteless. The french fries I usually like didn't taste like much either. Pretty disappointing. 

I like the chicken chopped salad a lot and I think if I ever go back I will just stick with that.
Eh, their beer is good but I like more selection. Their food is done well, but far from spectacular. If it's not happy hour, it's kinda not worth it...
Unfortunately, things have gone downhill since our last visit. Warm beer, stale bread for crab/artichoke dip, server didn't clear appetizer dishes, skimpy margarita salt, hip hop being played. New management hasn't served it well. New menu too. Will probably look elsewhere next time out.
Had a great burger and drinks..... Ordered an ahi salad to go ... Didn't check my salad until I got home. Was literally 2 cups of lettuce and 2oz of tuna for $15!! Giving them a great review because I immediately called the manager and she kindly reimbursed my salad purchase. Service like this does not go unnoticed! I'll be back!  Well done Gordon Biersch!
I come here often as it's not too far from where I work.  Most of the items on the menu are good, but nothing yet that has blown my taste buds away.  The service has always been great and the atmosphere is good.   

Out of all the different items I have tried, I would have to say that the salads they offer are their most unique tasting dish.
Wow we thought we would try happy hour on Sunday. It was really busy, good for them. Our server was nice but really slow to get us our drinks. The plate of sliders made it to our table but they were cold.  The pork slider had good flavor but the Kobe beef were dry and had no flavor

The server NEVER came by our table to ask if everything was okay or if we wanted another drink. Will not go back.
Two strikes for Gordon Biersch in the SanTan Mall. This is the second time attempting to have dinner here & two times NO service!  The first time was a weekend, after waiting 30 min we were seated & for the next 15 min no one came to the table for drinks or anything, so we left. Tonight, we figured it's the middle of the week & there wasn't a wait, so we went in & not even a greeter this time!  We waited for 5 min & still no one so we left.  I guess this means they don't need our business, sooooo we probably won't be going back again!  Both times we walked down to Famous Dave's BBQ where we were immediately greeted, taken to a table & in less than 2 min our server was there asking what kind of beverage we wanted.
Came to Gordon for some yummy pizza and beer. I enjoyed myself greatly. Our food and drinks came out quickly. My friend and I had a wonderful server who was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. She was helpful with assisting us with our beer choices. I will come back again.
I absolutely love Gordon's. The atmosphere is really chill. I come here about once a week  with a group of friends and never had a bad experience. It's really cool that we keep getting the same waitress and she knows my drink order. They have the best Reverse happy hour 9-cl. $5 cocktails a handful to choice from. $3.50 in house beers and $2.00 off a glass of wine. (I had 2 glasses myself ) yummy! Anyways great place to come to and Lindsay the waitress is awesome.
Love this place. I have been going since it opened. Love the food and my favorite beer is the Marźen.  Southwest egg rolls are excellent,  Cajun Pasta is outstanding, and the Apple bread pudding is amazing.  Love the staff, the atmosphere, and location.  Have been a Stein member for 6 years now and enjoy the tapping party's and brew dinners.  This is one of my go to favorite places.
After writing the original review the company contacted me and asked me to email them and discuss what I had written in the review. I sent them an email and never heard back. 

That's what I call great customer service. I won't be back.
overpriced and the food is average to below average. Crab cakes tasty super fishy and the beer was not cold. Salmon was ok and the garlic fries were WAY too garlicy. And I love garlic.

Try somewhere else when in the area. This is a overpriced chain restaurant with average to below average food.
Finally!  A BJ's in Henderson!  This location opened about a month ago, and from the business it was doing this past Friday night, it's going to be around for a long time.

The food is as good as I remember from my few visits to the Summerlin location.  The pizzas are fantastic (try the BJ's favorite or the Great White).  The loaded baked potatoes are gigantic and filled to the brim with your choice of toppings (the garden veggie and chili cheese are delicious).  And the salads, especially the field greens and the bbq chopped, are enormous and really tasty.

I went with a group of 8 people and our food came out relatively quickly (especially considering how busy it was).  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  I'd recommend a visit!

Just a word of advice: if you're planning on visiting this location on a friday night or over the weekend, I'd recommend calling ahead and getting yourself on the wait list (it gets really busy!).  The restaurant only takes reservations for groups larger than 10, but if you call ahead about an hour before you want to eat, the greeter will put your name on the wait list and you'll get a table pretty quickly.
What do you do when you can't decide between a bacon cheeseburger or a pizza? Get the bacon cheeseburger pizza from Bj's! It truly was the best of both worlds. Oodles of artery clogging goodness - burger meat, cheddar cheese, pickles, onions, bacon, burger sauce.. oh my! It was amazing. Fiance got the meatloaf sandwich and was equally pleased. Service was great, and I enjoyed their blonde brew very much. 

Happy hour: 3-7 PM M-F . 1/2 off mini pizzas (brings the aforementioned cheesebuger pizza to $5), $1 off drinks, $2 off appetizers
I really enjoyed this place. They offer a wide variety on their menu, but are mainly known for the pizza and brew. I went with a friend, we ordered onion strings to start off with and they were ridiculously tasty. For the main course my friend had the small barbecue pizza, and I ordered the California sandwich (think thats what it was called). Anyways the pizza was kinda deep dish style and cooked perfectly. The sandwich consist of grilled chicken, avocado, chipotle sauce, mayo, and peppers on garlic bread, and it was fantastic. 

We were stuffed, big portions, and top notch customer service, I couldn't walk by one employee without them greeting me. I will come back here again and again.

Oh and are bill with generous tip came to $40
I've been here twice and I'm sure I will be going back several more times over the coming months.  I've only had a couple of appetizers and a small pizza, and I was fairly pleased.  The avocado egg rolls weren't my cup of tea, but the Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza was terrific.  Not what I usually want when I am in the mood for pizza, but I was impressed by the meaty chunks of ground beef and the sauce that is drizzled over the deep dish pie.

But enough about the food. I came here for the beer.  My first time I tried their 7-beer flight.  The Porter and the Tatonka Stout were a little heavy for me, but the red and brown ales were right up my alley.  Some of their brews are STRONG in the alcohol department.  I'll just leave it at that.  What I was most surprised by was the selection of other beers on tap.  Most brewpub-type places only serve their own concoctions, but this place offers options from a wide variety of American microbreweries and foreign brewers.  The selection of tap beers that aren't made on the premises is impressive enough that I would likely want to return to BJ's even if they didn't make their own delicious booze.
Great service. Great food not just pizza but that was great too. Beer was good too and they even had drinks even if don't drink beer. Someone was always asking if we needed anything. Worth the wait
Very good casual restaurant with a huge menu. Salads were large with fresh ingredients and good dark rolls. The stuffed potatoes are a fine and filling meal as a non meat option. Sandwichesvare generously dressed with meat, and our grilled fish was decent. Pleasant service and inviting drink menu. French fries were cold but quickly replaced.
Like every other brew house chain. Been to Gorden Bierch, Hops or the Yard House? Then you've been here. Constant food quality, $1 off happy hour drinks 3-7pm Monday to Friday and late night happy hour 10:30 pm to close. Nicely executed chain food.
I've been to BJ's restaurants in Eugene and San Diego and this is far and away the best.  It's casual dining but in a very nice setting.  This BJ's is new to the area (border of Vegas and Henderson in Silverado Ranch) and has a split level dining hall.  The upper level has the bar which has a bitchin' hd video screen tuned to all kinds of sports including the glorious MLB Network.

Service is friendly and the staff is well educated on the huge menu.  Seriously, you'll really find just about anything when it comes to standard American food.  There's also a huge beer list of domestics, imports and special brews exclusive to BJ's.

Here's my gluttonous rundown:

Oktoberfest beer: I was talked into starting off with the limited edition house beer called Oktoberfest.  Good choice.

Tomato basil soup: fresh and warm topped with bread pieces.  Tasty and simple.

Fettucini Alfredo with Blackened Chicken: This entrée off the lunch menu was the low point.  The pasta was undercooked and a little tough.  Garlic bread was too hard.  At least the chicken was cooked well.

Peanut Butter Piezookie:  Im not a religious man but if there's a heaven, this must be what they serve.  Freshly baked peanut butter cookie topped with two big scoops of vanilla ice cream.  Death row inmates should request this for a last meal.  Go to BJ's for this item alone and you'll leave happy.

The service was very good.  Maybe a little too good.  There could have been a few less "how is everything?" moments in mid-bite.  Maybe they thought I was a critic or something since I took pics of everything. I will hand it to my server who followed me to the parking lot with the keys I forgot at my table.

I will definitely be back.  This review would be five stars if not for the issues with my entrée.
Have to say I was happy to finally go to a BJ's Brewhouse. The food was really good and prices were not too bad. I would go back, I'm gonna have to try the Deep dish cookie.
Nice Place.  Hope it sticks around.
BJ's is a great place.  Sorta like if The Cheesecake Factory had a child with a Gordon Biersch and that child ended up graduating from a reputable collage.  Its both and yet better than either one.

Beer:  Drink some.  the Hefe, the Stout, Pumpkin. Drink them all!

Apps: SPINACH & ARTICHOKE DIP. No Joke, may be the best i ever had.

Food: Parmesan Crusted Chicken, ask for extra cheesy goodness!

P.S. Get a White Chocolate Macadamia Nut POOZOKIE
been to this location about 5 times now.  and it is consistently DECENT.  service is always very robotic and lacks personality, and beer refills take forever unless your at the bar/lounge.
they have a good selection of beers, but i stick my boddingtons pub ale!! last nite had a small pizza and wedge salad, the others had grilled shrimp tacos and a classic turkey club. all were good, but not stellar. was there at 6:30, and the place was half full and staff standing around everywhere.
i give 3 stars because its so consistent, and what else ya gonna get in henderson if your not in the mood for one particualr thing,  they have a big menu so everyone can find something.
3 of us for dinner with a few beers was 60 bucks
What a great place!  Love their burgers and the pazookie is to die for.  Wish the wait was shorter, but I am definitely come back again, again.
This morning we had intended to go to Vintner Grill for brunch, however, their website hadn't been updated showing their reduced hours so we ended up going to BJ's Brew House nearby. Although we prefer to patronize independent restaurants since chains aren't usually too exciting, we find you can get decent food at reasonable prices and the food is always consistent. Obviously everyone else must feel the same because you don't see too many of them closing once they've opened, and well, just look at every street corner in urban areas.

I ordered the "French Toast Combo" ($7.95) but subbed the adult french toast for the children's Cap'n Crunch coated and fried french toast. I don't know why you'd order sugar-coated and deep fried food for your child but it sounded pretty good so I though I'd give it a whirl. The eggs came out nice and hot and the apple-smoked bacon was of decent quality, but not crispy enough for my taste. The french toast was especially crispy but did not fall into the category of "lightly fried" as the description on the menu suggested. At first I thought it was alright but then I pressed down with my fork and saw oil starting to pool. Yuck. I reluctantly cut into the other piece which was astonishingly better. The Cap'n Crunch taste was nowhere to be found but it was much lighter and a fun version of french toast. Ian had the grilled chicken and cheese stuffed baked potato ($8.95). The Alfredo sauce that accompanied it tasted like it was straight out of a bag of Bertolli's frozen pasta (really bad) and the potato was unexciting. It was definitely a GMO potato if I'd ever seen one. What is America coming to...
Went for dinner on a Sunday night.  Friend had gift certificate, or I probably would not really go out of my way to visit a fun 90's style "brewpub/eatery".

We were seated promptly and the interior was cavernous, nice, and not overly loud, despite being nearly full.

Appetizers:  Our party ordered chicken wings for an appetizer.  Sauces were excellent and wings had good flavor.  The wings themselves were somehow undercooked.  The meat was done, but the skin wasn't crispy and the insides had too much fat.

Meals: 1 BJ's burger ordered rare & delivered... rare - good job.  Flavor was good but the burger could have used some additional toppings (or at least ask me "do you need anything to adorn that plain-looking burger?")  2 fish tacos - these were pretty good per the diners.  1 club sandwich - also good.  

Drinks: Great selection of drinks and our party sampled the porter, a crisp apple cider, and the BJ's-brewed root beer, among other beverages.

Dessert: Pozzati.  Chocolate ice cream on a brownie-cookie served in a little pan warm.  Very good.  Not what we ordered, but tasty.

Service: got a trainee+trainer combo who did make some mistakes that were not caught by the trainer.  Drinks sat empty for long stretches of time while these two talked earnestly about 20 feet away, never glancing at their tables.  Also, wrong dessert was brought by rookie - o well, it was good!

I don't love the genre, so reviewer bias is admittedly costing this place part of a star just because it's another brewpub with an unfortunate name.  A full star is deducted because service should be twice as good with 2 servers.  Instead, it was only about half as good as it should have been.

Overall, not bad.
...I remember going to BJ's a few years back (Summerlin location) and that I ordered a baked potato, not sure which one, but I remember enjoying it...

This time around I went because I was craving fish and chips, we saw BJs and decided to give them a try.

Service:
We were seated in a timely matter, but after reading over the menu a few times and finally deciding, we still hadn't seen a person to take our drink orders.  Finally a young lady takes our drink and food orders and tell us she will find our server for us. What?? She wasn't our server?? Where the heck is our chick at?  Anyways, after a little bit more time our server comes out and asks, shyly, if we would like malt vinegar with our fish and chips....I say yes, and she goes.  With the way she spoke, I figured she was new and decided not to get worked up about it. She was a sweet girl and so was the other lady who helped us. I'm taking a star off for her not being around much after, and watching other people at her tables have to get up and grab silverware off of other tables and what not...

Food:
I ordered a strawberry lemonade...and I think something went wrong...it didn't taste like anything...usually strawberry lemonades....have flavor. I think I may have made a mistake by asking if their lemonades are "home made."   (..i hate being picky about lemonade....)

Fish and chips: Good. Not great. But I ate them. My fries were cold, but I still ate them... and even if I wanted to complain, my server wasn't around.

My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and he enjoyed it. I took a tiny bite and it tasted good.

Not old enough to drink so I can't review on the beers. Sorry kiddos.

I probably wouldn't go here again. It has a huge selection of good food, and could please a lot of people. Its not terrible, but not my cup of tea.
If you want horrible service and want to be treated like you are an inconvenience to the wait staff, then bj's is for you. This place just flat out sucks!!! I won't be back. I'll use my federal reserve notes somewhere else.
This restaurant was suggested by several people so I thought we would finally give it a try.  We went to the one located on Eastern and I-215.  We were seated within 5 minutes after arriving.  We ordered Avocado Eggs Rolls and Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps.  I really liked the Avocado Eggs Rolls and the others loved the Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps.  The Entrée's that were ordered were Parmesan Crusted Chicken, Fish Tacos and an Angus Burger. The Fish Taco plate came with (2) Fish Taco's.  I only ate (1) taco and I couldn't taste the fish.  My husband ate the other Taco and loved it. The Parmesan Crusted Chicken was good but could have been better if there was more of the special sauce over the whole meal instead of on just a portion of it.  The Angus Burger was a little dry and the menu said it came with Thousand Island Sauce, but that sauce was missing from the Burger.  The Pomegranate Margarita's were delicious.  I will try this restaurant one more time to check out the Pizza.  Our toal bill was $71.00.
My husband and I are big fans of our local BJ's in Corona, so while in Vegas we decided to meet up with his uncle here while his uncle was in vegas on business.  We like BJ's because of their gluten free options.  Although this location didn't have the gluten free crust, they still had the menu and the manager even came out and personally addressed my allergy and indicated he would oversee the preparation to make sure everything went well.  I thought that was above and beyond and the first time a manager had done that for me.  Service was great and food was great as usual!
I went to BJ's on Friday with my husband to celebrate our anniversary. We wanted a casual dinner and this place was ok for that. It was loud and really busy, but we were seated within 15 minutes.
Our serve was nice, but you could tell she was a bit overwhelmed as there was a large party next to us.  To get drink refills, I had to push my empty glass towards the end of the table, etc
I got a tropical tea to drink, which was nice as it wasn't sugar sweetened, the only downside is they brewed it very weak. 
My husband had a steak and a HUGE baked potato. He said it was pretty good. I had the French dip with fries. It was ok, but I requested the thin fries as you have a choice of thin or seasoned. I think that was a mistake, they were on the plate, under the sandwich and were pretty limp and greasy. I asked for Ranch to eat them with but the ranch was just eh as well. The sandwich itself was pretty good.
For dessert I really wanted a pzookie, but didn't want a large one, so my serve requested a mini one, for 3.00 it was quite large actually and pretty good!
The woman next to us got nachos and they looked huge and good! So that might be an item to try in the future.
All in all, it was alright. The bill was a little over 50 dollars w/ tip and I thought that was a bit high as there was no alcohol in the tab, but hubby ordered a steak, so not totally out of line.
Good chain restaurant with good brews. I had their house brand Tempest IPA (not on the menu) and I enjoyed it. Everything we ate was tasty and the service was great. I'd probably rate this place 3.5 stars, but since I have to choose, I'm leaning towards "A-OK" rather than the 4-star "I'm a fan" option.
I hate myself for loving you! Once again a chain has stolen my heart and 
kept me coming back. They don't do anything remarkable they just do it remarkably well. The staff is always great and fun, even when it's busy they are on point and always make it look easy. The food is never getting a James Beard award but it's really solid every trip. I am such a chain whore when did this happen?????
I love their "adult" homemade rootbeer is very tasty and delicious! It is pretty strong since they put jameson in it too. 

The thai shrimp lettuce wraps are full of flavor and spicy! The buffalo chicken deep dish pizza is so good! It is topped with buffalo chicken peices, celery, and ranch dressing. mmmM!! The grilled chicken stuffed potato was HUGE! It was topped with chicken and alfredo sauce. 

Don't get me started on their pizookies! The white chocolate macadamia topped with vanilla ice cream is my favorite!

Service is usually hit or miss here. The last time I went, our server SUCKED. It took her forever to take our orders. My friend accidentally dropped a piece of food in his water and when he asked her for a new water, she just filled it up. It took us about 5 more mins to wave her down to tell her that he wanted a new water due to him dropping food in it. Then she just brings us our check without even asking if we wanted dessert. And of course we wanted dessert! 

The food is great, but the service is just okay.
Good news is the huge portions and familiar American cuisine that is easy on the palate and friendly to all food tastes. 

However, why would anyone want to wait in line for this food is beyond me. Sometimes the lines can be 45 minutes. Do not go there with hungry kids at 5:00 on a Fri/Sat night. You will be distraught over the wait...

Otherwise, I enjoyed it overall, but don't plan to go out of my to head back there soon.
Well, the place has been open for nearly 2 years now and we've never tried it so we thought we would give it a go. The parking lot is usually full so it had me thinking they are doing something right.

Anyways we get seated and take a look at the menu, we selected our choices and drinks. We were asked, "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME CHIPS & SALSA?" well like at most Mexican restaurants that is the way dinner usually starts (yes, I realize this isn't a Mexican restaurant), so we said sure. Jumping ahead to get the message across to you, I get home and take a look at the receipt, well what do you know?! $5.50 charge on the check for Chips & Salsa. What really got me was that wasn't suggested as an appetizer, it was suggested as if was "Would you like a glass of water?" They didn't say, "Would you like to start off with some potato skins or blah blah blah.." Get my point? Well I called the manager on the phone about this and during one point of my complaint, she actually giggled at me!! She tried to make good and asked who my server was, but I said that I didn't blame the server I blame management for trying to "up sell" in a round about way. The "manager" then tried to make good and take if off my bill, I just said, "I don't care about the $5.50, I am concerned about the way it got on to my bill in the first place". What a unprofessional way to respond to a customer concern!

Pros:
Food wasn't horrible, but nothing outstanding about it.

Cons:
My 1/2 pound burger was kind of skimpy and makes me wonder what weighs 1/2 pounds? The entire burger weight? Also my burger patty  was crumbly and was in 3 sections, all holding together for the most part but in sections. The french fries? I really dislike this micro threads of shoestring potatos. 

Wife had Fettucini Alfredo with chicken. The chicken breast was sliced thin and was very very tiny, looked like 1/3 of a breast cut up as a garnish. The pasta was good, but the noodles had  what seemed to be heat lamp dryness to it. It was probably sitting and waiting to be presented together with my cooking hamburger. The Alfredo sauce was so thin it looked like it was non existent, but if you mix it up the sauce comes back up to the top and is present again.

Overall we won't be coming back and really do not know what all the commotion is all about. My local neighborhood bars like Timbers or PTs can do better.
I wish there was a fabulous locals bar in Henderson with consistent affordable food for me to show some love for, but honestly I have yet to find one as good as BJ's ! 

Some updated reasons why I love this place:
*Happy Hour pricing during all football games
*They make a light (135 calorie/pint) beer in house that doesn't suck
*Ahi Tuna poke. No it's not as good as Poke express, but this is a bar and it's $5.55 during HH and is served with lots of beautiful green avocado ! Shockingly fresh and tasty for a chain.
*They now offer brunch! They open at 10 AM for the early games and have a lengthy brunch menu including breakfast pizza and captain crunch french toast . 
*Great football viewing in the bar area. 6 games on at once, perfect visibility, HUGE screen. PT's can't touch this place for football watching.
*No gaming, no smoking
*Huge menu 

Sadly, it's just a corporate chain, but they are consistent, cheap, and great for football watching. Hard to beat that combination !
Sometimes it's amazing how bad service can be at places.  I'm not sure if it's management/staffing or if it's the bartenders / size of the bar at this place but the service is ridiculously bad/slow.

For example, dropped in to catch the SF/LAD game on the nice TV's they have in the bar area.  Took 10+ minutes to put an order in for a beer, asked if they could put the game on and by the time we'd finished our beer they still didn't make an effort to put the game on.  Never mind, we'll watch somewhere else donks.

The kicker is it was a Tuesday and the place was like half full.  LOL.

All in all it's a chain that operates like a chain.  Go to PT's where the service is better...I will!!!
I am actually very fond of this place.
My best friend and I come in to dine as often as we can.

BJ's definitely has that very loud and social environment. We were seated very quickly and the first thing I noticed on the menu was definitely that half of it was about alcohol. I was not looking there so I cannot review on that part! Haha. There menu is quite extensive with a wide variety so anyone will find something they are looking for.

We started off with mozzarella sticks which very great but I wish they would include more dipping sauce. We decided to split a classic angus burger which turned out fantastic and it was very juicy. We also opted for the thin sliced fries and they were crunchy and fantastic.

Our drinks were refilled very quickly since she gave them a little hint by putting her empty glass near the edge of the table. Our server was very nice and kept coming back to check up on us.

The dessert! Order the pizookie xD They are AMAZING!

One of the times I went with my boyfriend, I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and that came out positively delightful. I could not finish it so I had to ask for a to-go box, haha. He had the miso salmon which tasted amazing but he did wish there was more rice for it. 

This place will definitely stay in my favorites.
I really dig this bar. But I am not about expensive. So I usually only come here for happy hour or for special ocassions. I want to re-phrase the expensive comment. It isnt expensive per-se. But I wouldnt pay their regular bar prices.

My favorite dish is their grilled chicken pasta. I am not a HUGE pasta fan, but I love this. I also really like their Pazookies (specifically the oreo)

The place is a good size, good amount of TVs (for the sports fans), and a good place for birthday parties and such. 

I havent had a problem with staff, and they are usually pretty nice. Nothing really that separates them from other bars I have been to (other than the pazookie), but I wouldnt drive out of my way for it
I'm giving BJ's 2 stars because the food is pretty darn good when they get the order right. I've been to this BJ's about 7 times and each time (except once) they have failed to give me what I ordered on the first try. I always come in with a group of people from work and we fax our order in before we get there. The kitchen has our order, in writing, right in front of them and still can't execute it properly. I know a veggie pizza with no cheese is a terribly complicated concept but come on! EVERY TIME! I've gotten it delivered with cheese and I've even gotten it delivered without the cheese but with sausage added! Sausage?!

The wait staff is always apologetic but the kitchen here seems to be inept.
Well, if you like mediocre food and lackluster service, then you'll love BJ's!

The food is on par with what you would expect from a chain restaurant. Decent but nothing really exciting. 

Service was pretty slow. Our friend ordered a piña colada. After she tried it, my wife and I both tried a sip. It tasted of a little alcohol and blended ice. She returned it for a pepsi. 

Then my wife had ordered an appetizer salad. Our entrees were delivered, and no salad. The server realized she forgot the salad and told us she would bring it out and have the manager take it off our bill. 

Then the server offered a refill on our friend's pepsi, and brought a diet pepsi. 

Now I know why it's been almost a year since I've been to a BJ's, and why I'll most likely never go back.
went here the saturday evening with a group of 11. (2 kids and 1 baby.) had to wait half an hour for a table but that was expected. we had a really nice server but i forgot his name. he was from hawaii and made conversation with us. was funny and joked around. the place was busy but he kept checking on us. got all of our food and drink orders right. i had a bite of the calamari and it was pretty good. shared the medium deep dish sausage and pepperoni pizza. had a few pieces to take home with the boyfriend. had a slice of BJ's favorite pizza and i loved that. (sadly my boyfriend doesn't dig veggies like i do so i had to sample from his grandparents plate.) so much green peppers and olives. all the colors on it made me love it even more. i say if you don't want to wait for a table go on a week night when i would assume them to be less busy, but their deep dish pizza is really worth trying out with a glass of red wine.
Good Bar food  good crowd, the home brews are good, service is good.
BJ's is a large scale brewhouse and has the usual bar menu.  The one dish that sets it apart and keeps me coming back has got to be, Avocado Spring Rolls!  Delicious, warm, a joy to eat.  I swear to god, the 2nd time I had these was better then the first.  

The reason for 4 stars instead of 5??  Well, the first time I went with a friend, we tried one of the microbrews.  It was so flavorless and tasted as if it had been tapped a years before completion.  Anyway, I stick to the beers I know and love, same with the food :-)
WHAT A NAME FOR A RESTERAUNT! anywho BJ'S(lol) has the best selection of soups! the TOMATO BISQUE is awesome, although today @ lunch we ordered brocolli/cheese & clam chowder! My friend Sandy & I filled up on the ROTINI chicken pasta & italian chopped salad!  we couldnt believe the bill was only 22 bucks. 
BJ'S is my kind of place, minus the dirty title!
Just last night we left the Yuletide and headed out to grab a bite before heading home and BJ's is a good place to grab a bite and maybe a great drink. We walked in and were seated right away but sat for quite some time before ordering. The waitress brought our drinks and then disappeared until our food came out. We ordered the chicken club and an order of potato skins. 

The potato skins were done well and came with all the necessary fixins.. Cheese, bacon, scallions and a sour cream like sauce. 

The Chicken Club was perfect, Lightly toasted Garlic Sourdough with chicken breast, bacon, avocado, tomato and lettuce. 

I really feel bad about this review only being 3 stars because the food was great as usual but the service was far less then lacking.. My water went empty and stayed empty throughout the entire meal, and we had to wait for quite some time for our check to come. With a small meal at BJ's taking an hour and a half I would say there was some sort of hang up or issue with the service.
Went here after an Elite event via the recommendation of Ken M. 

Wow Beers and Booze took up most of the menu.

Great happy hour prices, half of on mini sized pizzas both in the deep dish and flat bread types.

Quite impressed with their buffalo pizza, had large chunks of chicken, enough heat to be satisfying but not too much to leave your mouth blazing. 

The Mediterranean pizza was equally as satisfying. 

Wide selection of beers. Lots of beers. Beers everywhere. Enough of a selection to shame myself as i have almost no knowledge of these other brews and stick to main stream replicas. For shame i know...
Lots of Beer selections...hard to pick one...
They're pizza was good and happy hour deal was pretty good, too.
You can create your own pizza. 
The Mediterranean pizza was good. It looks like chicago deep pan pizza but taste much better.
Appetizer was good....potsticker and spinich & artichoke dip with chips was yum...
Hmm, I can't say too much about this place because I came in a bit tipsy ;P
Other than the good atmosphere and good seating area, this place is great for watching the games.
I've tried a sip of black velvet from a friend, and I must say, it's the best I've tried by far...
Now I normally like this place but my last visit here was in a word - Yuck!!
We went around 8:30pm- we noramlly eat lunch here so I don't know if at dinnertime the cooks are just too tired or what? Anyways, Our appetizer was Fried Calamari and it was not good at all and oh so cold. This should have been hot but we were so hungry that we dug in and we shouldn't have our tummies paid the price later...That was another thing there wasn't many people in here(Thursday night)  but the service was so slow. 
Fish Tacos- Horrible, the BF took one bite and it was cold inside the fried fish- the guacamole was sour- so this dish was sent back and Tomato Soup was ordered....
Chili in Bread Bowl- Chili had a bitter taste to it, almost like Raid. Now I have gotten this before and enjoyed it so I know how this dish should taste here when it's good.
Clam Chowder in Bread Bowl- My daughter enjoyed this dish and actually the rest of us ate this too as we were waiting for our meal replacements....
My Orange Cream Soda was good as usual but I was just so surprised at the outcome of the rest of the food, very disappointed to say the least!!

I must say that even though the food sucked and the service was hella slow our waitress when around was very nice and accomodating.
I am not going to say that I'm never coming back here but I'll just count this evening as an off visit for whatever reason and hopfully I'll never have to experience that again or anyone else for that matter....
I love their deep dish pizzas and pizookies - their signatures! This place can get busy, but wait times aren't too long. Also, the servers and whole staff are very friendly. I did order take-out last week and my order was wrong. I'm a vegetarian, so part of my order was a vegetarian mini; however, we got 2 BJ's Favorite minis. It was a hassle that we had to go back to get my vegetarian pizza, but at least they upgraded it to a small without charging. My friend got to keep the second BJ's Favorite mini, too. My only disappointment was that the hostess/cashier claimed that she checked the pizzas to make sure they were the correct ones, but the meat was quite OBVIOUS and couldn't be mistaken. We are human and everyone makes mistakes, but please do not lie to me. Especially to my face.

Well... I do not hold grudges, so 4 stars!  :)
We have been to BJ's twice since this place has been open on Eastern.  I know it's been open for a while.  Every time we want to go to this place we try to just walk in but there is always a wait on the weekends.  not just a little wait, a good 40 minute wait.  so we end up going somewhere else.  This time I thought to call ahead and put our name on the list.  I highly recommend doing this if you are going to go on the weekend.  
I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza.  There are different sizes.  I asked the waitress what difference between the mini and small pizza was.  She said the mini was more individual and the small was about a little bigger. She recommended ordering the small because I said I was hungry.  The buffalo chicken pizza was great.  It is a deep dish pizza that includes two of my favorite foods (Buffalo chicken wings & Pizza.)  I also ordered a nutty brewnette pint because this is a brew house.  It was ok, not great.  It is a brown ale similar to new castle.  New castle is a lot tastier.  If you like hand crafted brews and pizza this is a cool place to go.
pretty ah-ite place for american grub. bj's is never my first choice, but when friends want to go i'm down. 

i've had the pizzas, pastas, and pretty much everything pan asian and they are all do-able, but i never finished a meal and looked forward to my next visit. 

sorry bj lovers, i more of a cheese fac. fan!
We really liked it, it was our first time there.   We really liked the beer, lots to choose from.  
We ordered the Itialian Salad, and the pulled pork sandwich with skinny fries.  The salad was good, the salad dressing that came with it was very light.
But the pulled pork......ummmm, ummmm, ummmm, ummmm ummm!  there was so much that I wanted to try, so I know i will be back. 
Very nice place to go, you can go wih jeans or a suit.....I even saw a girl in sweats.
Deserts looked awsome.....I will be going back one day soon, just to try the desert.
It has been a while since I have been here. I remember fond memories of this place, but this time around, I am beginning to wonder why. On several occasions I was told to go for the happy hour because they are suppose to be one of the best. 

With a dollar discount off of appetizers, I cannot say I am too impressed. Alcohol is not that cheap either; beers range around five dollars, dollar off of certain mixed drinks, and $4.25 for well drinks. I can think of many places that offer  better deals. 

We started with a platter of potato skins, which were made perfectly. They were golden brown and remand crunchy even as we slowly ate them throughout the two hours we sat there. The sampler seared ahi is just that, a small taste, so do not expect a lot.  

The real savings is if you decide to do the individual pizzas because they are half off. The pleasant memories of this deep dish pie is nothing close to the past. I got the BBQ chicken pizza. The crust was mediocre. It had a crisp edge, but the center was too doughy.  I usually can tolerate Chicago style. but the lack of sauce and dryness of the chicken made everything difficult to get down. 

My friends ordered the mac & cheese, a bacon cheeseburger, and a chili cheeseburger. They were all satisfied with their orders. The chili cheeseburger took ten minutes longer than everything else. We were shocked by how many people apologized for the delay and the manager even stopped by to tell us that the burger would be comp. Even though we didn't think too much about it, this gesture was really impressive. As one friend recounted her disappointment with the pizza the last time she came, I should have took it as a hint to not order it and go with something else. 

We ended our dining experience with a chocolate chip pazookie. The cookie was a bit on the raw side, but I didn't mind it. Eating cookie dough was always a bad habit I had as a child. With two heaping scoops of ice cream, it disappeared fast.
I want to like this place more...I really do.  Unfortunately, the execution just isn't there.
BJ's has an excellent variety of food and beverages.  The food ranges from average to good, with everything leaning on the expensive side.  If I were to review based solely on food and beverage, they would probably get a 3.5- to 4-star rating.  
The problem starts and stops with the service.  I understand the place is popular, busy during non-peak times and a downright unbearable wait during prime time, but the fact that they have such a constant stream of patrons makes the lack of execution in the kitchen even more unfathomable.  I am yet to have a meal here with over two entrees ordered where all the entrees came out at the same time.  I have waited as long as fifteen minutes between the first entree and last entree being served.  To me, that's unacceptable.  In addition, the wait staff seems to be rather hit or miss as to their general level of competency.  Nonetheless, I'm sure that I'll continue to wind up here every month or two. Sigh.
Been here a couple times, food has always been good, service has always been decent or better and they have some good beers. I'd definitely never complain about going back.
Went here for a family dinner with the monkeys and friend. BJ's has always been a random craving of mine...when its met...I don't need it again for quite sometime. This was one of those nights that I needed it and might have traded my kids for it (just maybe).

We roll in and there was a small wait...no biggie. I situate the kids with their DVD players and my friend grabs two beers from the bar (I had girly cider...I thought I was ordering their homemade berry beer...I guess they don't make it anymore...bummer) and my friend got some sort of IPA...quite good. BZZZZZ...our pager goes off (much to the delight of my kids) and my daughter rips it out of my hand to give it to the hostess (she's a tenacious little bugger).

We were sat at a lovely booth (perfect for kids) and decided to get the Ahi Poke to start. It was yummy with wonton chips that kind of reminded me of Sun Chips, big chunks of yellowfin tuna, avocado, cabbage and vinaigrette. All of it was good except for the avocado which could have been a bit more ripe but it was certainly edible.

The pizza was next and it was good but it didn't knock my socks off (pepperoni, mushroom, extra cheese and sausage). The stewed tomatoes were excellent but the crust was a bit gooey-er than I remember....nothing a side of ranch couldn't fix. I downed two pieces (no one could ever accuse me of having an eating disorder).

Lastly, we were all full but we couldn't leave without trying one of their famous Pizzoki and Creme. They have expanded their pazzoki selection and now offer a trio so you can sample more of what they have to offer. We went for the chocolate chip, Oreo and oatmeal raisin. Holy cow was that tasty. My son very much liked the chocolate chip and Oreo however my daughter just went for the ice cream. 

All in all I was a very happy camper. The service is fine but nothing to write home about. Will be back when the next craving hits or maybe sooner because they have a gluten-free pizza that my mom can enjoy as well.
Great food, great beer selection, mediocre brewery.  Well, to be fair, we came here after a beer sampling session at Khoury's.  We had just finished drinking some of the finest beers available in Vegas (and some not available in Vegas).  

To drink I had the house brown ale.  It was sweet, dark, and very malty.  There was a strange chemical taste to it as well, perhaps.  I tried some of my friend's stout, and it was also pretty mediocre.  His description of this stout is classic, "It reminds me of Pirates of the Caribbean."  What a great description, ha!  However bad the brewery is here, the guest beer selection is amazingly great, and completely makes up for it.  

If you aren't a beer drinker, the food here is worth having too.  I had the shrimp pasta, and loved it entirely.  It was more dry than typical restaurant pastas, which I loved because the sauces these places use usually get gross after a while.  I could eat this pasta all day.  It might have been a little over priced, but I didn't mind at all.  My friend had a big deep dish pizza.  I didn't try any, but it looked delicious (and he confirmed this for me).  We also had the potato skins as an appetizer, and again a huge hit.  These were big thick potato chunks with skin, along with bacon and cheese.  Yummy.  They came with ranch and sour cream sauces.

A little expensive, and the house brewery didn't impress me (as a craft beer drinker), but the guest beer selection was great.  The food was definitely top notch for a hipster type restaurant.  I'd go again!
I love BJS! The bartenders are awesome and the beer is the best! I highly recommend the Lightswitch.  Their mini pizzas are just the perfect size for happy hour.  If you're at the bar and have a game you'd like to watch, the bartenders are great about getting it on one of the TVs for you.
Always tasty food at BJ's. Can be at bit slow but overall a great place for a meal.
The food and service are always great. The bacon cheeseburger pizza is the best. All the pasta dishes are delicious and their beer selection is very good. Staff is great and well trained.
Great All American Food.  I am a fan of the pizza, the pizookie dessert, and the chicken dishes.  Very tasty
great food and great service!
There are only a few things you need to know about this place:
Beer sampler 
Deep Dish Pizzas
Nachos - I get mine with extra chili
Parmesan Crusted Chicken
Pizookie - if you are on the full side, ask for the smaller kids size pizookie. Half the size with one scoop of ice cream.

I've tried plenty of other things, but these are my go to's. Service is hit of miss and is never the same people.
We were shopping in the area and wanted something cool to drink, also realizing we probably could handle a snack as well. Rather than hop in the car and head somewhere else, we popped in here to check it out.

Three words: Small bites menu. 

The spinach stuffed mushrooms were plentiful and really tasty, with just a hint of spice. The caps were large and generously stuffed.

The caprese (mozzarella salad) was OK. Not bad, but just OK. There was something odd about it and I didn't care for the parmesan cheese. Let the tomatoes and mozzarella do their thing; something about the extra cheese and the way it was dressed just made it... well, OK.

The fried artichokes were a bit heavy for me, but that's just personal preference talking. They were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and really, really tasty. My guests dug into them with abandon and didn't leave a crumb untouched. Very well done.

The seared ahi was absolutely perfect. This was really the only dish that was small - four pieces? - but at the price they offer it, it's a fabulous little snack and exactly what they portray it to be. The dipping sauce was flavorful, didn't seem laden with salt (a very good thing) and had a great little kick to it. Standout little dish.

We also had a couple of salads that were really fresh; the flavors of the vegetables and toppings were bright and clean. 

The "spicy" bloody mary wasn't; the waitress admitted it was from a mix and that they couldn't really do much to it for me. She brought some Tabasco sauce which helped, but as it wasn't fresh, it was really just a mix with some vodka and Tabasco. Not horrible (of course I drank it!) but not a good, hand-crafted bloody mary.

And, all this for less than $30. 

It's a 3-star (A-OK) place, for sure. The service is what made it a 4 for us. It's a chain and it's a bit cookie-cutter, but that works here. Definitely a respectable, repeatable dining experience.
Sometimes it is difficult being gluten-free. I'm not talking about being gluten free to jump on the new diet fad bandwagon; I'm talking about having to eat gluten free or suffering the nauseous, gut wrenching pain of gluten poisoning. So when I had to leave Chicago, which has a plethora of gluten free establishments, to live in Las Vegas I was nervous that I wouldn't have many options that didn't completely empty my wallet and bank account each week.

Thankfully, I have found BJ's. 

I don't know about the rest of their menu, but I've eaten off their gluten free menu and I will continue to do so for a very long time. 

Do I eat healthy? Sure. Do I workout? Absolutely, 6 times a week or more. Does a girl have to start off the meal with a bowl of luscious, cream filled tomato bisque that makes my veins fight to keep unblocked? Yes. Does a girl have to eat some pizza with melty, oozy mozzarella cheese, Italian Sausage, garlic and fresh basil once a month? Darn tootin'. Does a girl have to finish the above meal with a GLUTEN FREE CHOCOLATE CHIP PIZOOKIE?!? ABSO-FREAKING-LUTELY!!!

Oh that tomato bisque. You creamy souptastic gluten free deliciousness. Your high fat and calorie content would normally make a health nut like me cringe and hide under a table. However, when you come to the table, lightly garnished with parsley, smelling like Mom's tomato soup when I was a kid, I must devour every last bite. I did today. I almost stabbed my fiance with a spoon to get the last drop.

You have to understand that there are some restaurants (*cough* Aurelio's *cough*) that seem to think that gluten free means that either we don't really like food or that we don't know what real food should taste like. Some gluten free pizzas have this bland, eerily flaky, bulky pizza crust that can barely brown when cooked let alone withstand pizza sauce, cheese and other ingredients (see above coughing spasm). BJ's makes this amazing thin crust pizza that is perfectly thin, crispy and has garlic and herbs infused in the crust to make me remember why pizza makes my heart sing every time I ate it back in Chicago. The Italian sausage was not as good as Chicago, but it still hit the spot, especially when they drowned the pizza with deliciously melted mozzarella cheese with roasted garlic. As I ate it I forgot that I was gluten free and simply enjoyed my food. Pure comfort.

I could go on for pages about that freaking pizookie. You guys, it is a deep dish chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on top. When I say ice cream I really should clarify one thing. By the time it gets to the table it isn't completely ice cream anymore because that warm, gooey, rich and downright sinful gluten free cookie melts that simple ice cream and makes dessert something that will haunt me whenever I go to the gym (which is right down the street).

One thing: I can't wait for their gluten free menu to grow. Right now they have some soups, salads, pizza and giant stuffed baked potatoes. Don't forget that pizookie too! Maybe some flatbread, hamburgers and a couple other entrees other than a balsamic chicken would be FANTASTIC!!!

Service was great. Water never went empty for more than one second, very friendly, patient and knew his gluten free items. His service was flawless, and I could not have felt more comfortable eating there as someone with a major allergy. If I wasn't suffering from a food coma I would go find his name off the receipt, but right now laying in bed with a round, full tummy seems like the perfect way to enjoy the rest of this meal.
Love this place!! I usually order the flat bread pizza with half a salad, and my husband likes the calzone. They have a drink called the lime in the coconut. . its tasty!
Food is decently priced.  Good atmosphere.  I like to come here for lunch on occasion, their soup combo is fabulous.  Right amount of food for a good price, plus their drinks arnt too shabby!
Ok so I think i have about had it with this place. Other bj's are sooo much better but the service at this one sucks!

They have failed miserably like 5 times in a row. The thing is the foods always pretty good and the beer is great. But having to wait 30 minutes for a pitcher of beer or to even see your server is unacceptable. The sweet pig pizza and j. Red beer is great and keep is coming back but maybe not worth it in the end with grimaldis acrossnthe street
This is my and my friends' favorite place to eat! No matter how late, the people are always nice and recommending the best on the menu (as well as the little secrets not on the menu).  This is definitely a place to go with two or more people.
The deep dish pizza here is always amazing.  I get the BBQ chicken and bacon with extra cilantro on top.....THE BEST!!!!

The service is usually sub-par but it's Vegas.  Unless you're at a high-end restaurant, you can't expect much.
I love BJ's!  I had been to the Summerlin location a couple times but hadn't been to the newer Eastern location.  An old co-worker suggested we meet for dinner here.  I fell in love!  I had the Tomato and Mozzarella salad with a Chicken and Pesto flat bread pizza.  I raved about it so much that my mom and I went the next day and split the same salad and pizza.  Then I continued to rave about it so my mom, husband and I went the day after that and tried the appetizer sampler....so good!  Then my mom raved to my dad so my parents, husband and I went to dinner there!  We all ordered separated dinner entrees.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal!  We've all been back for lunch and happy hour.  Their tomato bisque is to die for!  I haven't had anything bad here.  The beer is great and the servers are pleasant! I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get a table. It's a great "go-to" place if you're looking for an easy place to eat with tons of options.  I'm excited to try their brunch!

Without a doubt, I will be back!
Quick friendly seating.  Enjoyed tropical tea.  Waited about 20 min for sandwich and a salad.  Huge tasty BBQ chicken salad and they split it for me to take half with me.  Husband liked club sandwich.  Fries were cold though.  Salad was great.
The B in BJ's stands for: Boring, Bad, Boo-boo, Bland and BLAH. I can't decide. 

The service we had is clearly a 3 star. Our waiter was extra friendly to me which I always welcome. But he also forgot to put in our appetizer order. His saving grace was the fact he kept the drinks coming. 

Drinks- Cherry Cola Throwbacks. Hot damn those are De-licious! Packed with booze and large amounts of sugar, but it just tastes like a soda fountain Cherry Cola. What an intoxicating treat. 

Pizza- Margherita Deep Dish add Mushrooms. This pizza wasn't any better than a Red Baron pizza you microwave at home. Nothing about it was memorable or delicious. 

Dessert- Chocolate Chip/Peanut Butter Pazookie. It is what it is. Hot cookie with ice cream. Nothing more, nothing less. Enjoyed by all. 

Overall BJ's is not remarkable to me and I will not go out of my way to return. I will gladly pay higher prices for MUCH better food elsewhere.
Great food as usual. SLOW service. The one bar waitress to all the tables is ridiculous. They have other servers for the resuraunt portions just standing around watching as the one bar area server runs around like crazy. Management should step in and get that girl some help and not let her get overwhelmed and customers become irritated at the lack of service. Our waitress still did an ok job for all the tables she had to handle. Poor management though.
It was our first time here last night and I really liked the food and service. We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer and my boys loved it. It wasn't over cooked so the texture was just perfect. We tried the Bj's deluxe burger and it was so big! My husband and I barely ate half of it. My kids also liked their kids meal and received it pretty quick considering it was a full house there. For dessert they tried the mini pizookie with chocolate chunk ice cream. It was so cute and perfect for their appetites. I would say the strawberry lemonade was my favorite :) I would definitely go back and try other stuff there...
I love this place!! FANTASTIC FOOD, FANTASTIC SERVICE 100% of the time!! This is by far one of my favorite places to go. I am very sad that I had to move back home. I miss this place!!
Never been to this restaurant- good food and good service!! Had fish and chips- great quality. Will return!!
A group of us decided to dine at BJs on Dec. 3rd.  We get the little buzzer for when your table is ready, and we sit down.  First, there was another diner that was sitting on the bench in the "waiting" area breastfeeding her baby.  Why the restaurant would allow this - I have no idea.  But anyhow, we wait for our buzzer to buzz, and low and behold after 15 minutes it's buzzing.  We go up to the front, they get our menus ready and ask us to stand off to the side.  We stand off to the side... for 30 minutes.  The hostess tells us literally about 10 times that our table is being cleaned.  So why ring the buzzer if it wasn't ready the first time? 

Finally, the hostess takes us out back to our table, and the table is still dirty!  What in the world??  So we stand there as she grabs a busser to clean the table.  Then we get seated on a wet table.

Our waitress comes after a few minutes, and she has this matter-of-fact attitude and doesn't even apologize for the mishap which she clearly knew about because she was talking to the hostess who was telling her about it.  But anyway, we order our drinks.  She comes back and gives everyone the wrong drinks.  Everyone on the table just starts handing out the appropriate drinks to the appropriate people on the table.  

We order our food and wait almost another half an hour for our entrees.  The chili was absurdly salty, and it had an alcohol taste to it.  Completely inedible.  We tell this to the waitress, and she apologizes but does nothing about it.  At this point, we conduct ourselves by the dining golden rule to not anger your waitress.  We say nothing further.  

I ordered a 12oz steak - medium.  This was the smallest most overcooked steak I have ever had.  It was 6oz at the most.  It was unbelievable.  Underseasoned and lacking from any flavor.  I ask the waitress for steak sauce, and she brings it by and just drops it on the table without even looking my way.  

When we were done with our meal, she comes by and tells us "if you want desert, you can have red velvet pazookie. It's good."  That's it?  No menu, no other choices? 

We pay our bill and leave.  The quality and service was abysmal at this BJs.

You're better off going to the one in Centennial or Summerlin.
We had a group of 17 people when I came to BJ's for the first time ever! We did put in a reservation and they accommodated us very well. I felt like we were at one of those huge tables you see in mansions where only like 1-3 people normally eat at, but we took up all the space ! Our waitress was very tentative and there was never really a drink empty too long before she had a new one. She was super funny too. 

My food was pretty great. I have a flatbread with bacon and ranch, super good. Everyone else in the group seemed to really enjoy their food. Those next to me had these massive burgers that they scarfed down. 

I will have to come back when I can get a drink or two because I heard their selection was pretty great, but I was not allowed to cocktail with this group. 

Overall, I really enjoyed my first time here and will try to be back soon!
BJ's Henderson has really very good food, lots of variety, well trained staff and is apparently well run.  Many Yelp reviews indicate a successful dining experience is very likely here. Somebody may have had a less quality experience, but ours was VERY GOOD! Those less than good results may be "an off night" or just bad luck, I can't say, what we saw and experienced was all positive.  
Judy was our server, perfectly attentive,with sound recommendations. I would, and will come back without any hesitation.
This is for their chicken tortilla soup ONLY! YUMMMMMMMMMMMM is all I can say. I love how they come out with the bowl filled with the tortilla chips, avocado, lime and chicken and then they pour the broth in your bowl at the table. That way the tortilla chips are never soggy and it's just cool to see. 

I ended up ordering the half potato (grilled chicken) and soup. It definitely filled me up for $8.00-$9.00? There was a lunch rush, but everything seemed to come out quickly. Overall, I have always been a fan of BJ's and now that its walking distance from work I will be here more often.
Just finished one of the lunch specials called Baracoa Taco's. The tag-line for these was low calories. There was a picture of the plate on a table tent, looked good, went for it. And then, it was served...and luckily I have good vision, or I am afraid I would not have seen them. Tere are three tiny tacos and a bowl of black beens. The tacos were maybe 3 or 4 inches in diameter, and the beans in the picture number likely  around 200, and I got maybe 30, covered in bean sauce. They should have placed a quarter on the plate in the picture to give some sense of scale. They could have served an eighth of a hamburger and got away with the same lo-cal claim. Anything reduced to micro size will be lo-cal. As for taste, OK, no better. Ate there a week ago with a friend and had a burger, Average at best.
Just signed up for the new BJs rewards card. Try their own beers and the Lunch specials are bar none amazing! Had an amazing server and everything about the place was very good!
Good Food, Usually good service...I love the Seared Ahi  on the Small bites menu, and the California Club Flatbread pizza.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE BJ'S! 

Food: I love the Cajun Pasta, Usually when I go out to eat I'm not very adventurous. I like to stick to what I know but for some odd reason I decided to try something new. Cajun pasta, hmm first off I wasn't to sure how I would like this because I love Cajun spices of on my seafood but I wasn't to sure how I'd like it on my pasta. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. The creamy tomato sauce with the roasted blacken chicken breast YUMMMM. The portions are even great, once me and my boyfriend went and we actually just ordered 1 Cajun pasta and when asked them for an extra plate because we were sharing they offered to just put it together in the kitchen for us & it was perfect for two! 

Desert: If you haven't tried Bj's famous Pizookie your missing out. A cookie that's freshly baked right out of the oven warm topped with Vanilla ice cream is to die for. Even when I'm stuffed from my entree i'll still find room for a Pizookie. Some how! lol

Drinks: I love their wide range of beers on tap, unfortunately they didn't have the blue moon pumpkin beer because it's only a seasonal beer. Tap beer is always better then bottle or canned Just saying...

Service: I  usually go pretty late like 9:30-10ish? & I'm usually 1 out of 5 tables there. So its not busy during those hours but the waitress that we got was super nice. The hostess seated me and my boyfriend at a table that was just way to big for us and it made it difficult for us to kind of talk and dine together so the waitress noticed this and asked if we wanted to change tables. Other than that and when ordering she offered to tell the cooks in the back to split my Cajun pasta into two plates because I was sharing. I've never been to a restaurant where they offered to split it in the back for me. Usually they just hand me my extra plate so I really appreciated the extra effort to help :)
I've been in a pizza type of mood for a while now. The great thing about BJ's is being able to order a pizza for the table and still having some truly amazing dishes as your own entree. Ordering the Buffalo Chicken pizza was like rewarding myself for waiting a couple of weeks to make the trip here. The ingredients were all amazing, soft and chewy at times with the celery and crust giving a nice crunch when needed. The crust was by far my favorite part. Buttery and crisp, wow I almost requested a naked pizza so I could just enjoy crust when I went home. Aside from the pizza I enjoyed the Parmesan crusted chicken as my entree. I found it to be just right. Crunchy on the outside and moist in the center. The mashed potatoes served with it were full of flavor and almost had me request a second serving. 

The in house root beer they serve here deserves to have a line of its own. DELICIOUS DELICIOUS DELICIOUS. You absolutely must try it. BJ's Irish rootbeer- Jameson, Baileys, Butterscotch schnapps and rootbeer all mixed in to make one tasty concoction.  They also have a orange cream soda, cream soda and a cherry infused home brewed drink as well. If you order any of them you can rotate and try them all which is a kind of neat experience in itself. 

For the price mark I love this place. Service was a little iffy to be honest. As with most restaurants nowadays it seems service is a very hit or miss type of thing. That being the only reason I deducted a star.
It hurts me to even write this review but I feel like I should at least give a little heads up to someone who might be trying their lunch menu. I had the barbacoa tacos which consist of three super small tacos filled very conservatively and a side of black beans. Flavor was moderate. My GF had the fish tacos which looked normal size and pretty delicious. Sadly the appearance didn't match the taste. When I had a bite it tasted like a frozen fish stick stuck inside of a bland tortilla. Our other friend had the dinner jambalaya and they thought it was really tasty. We had the pizookie trio for dessert and it as always was awesome. 

As for the service, started off ok but ended pretty bad. We were waiting for our refills and thought it was taking a bit long when we noticed that our waiter was standing back in the servers holding a conversation with his friend. Luckily another waitress came by and pretty much took over our table until he finished his conversation. 

From what I can tell this is the type of place where it's best just to eat off their dinner menu no matter what. I thought lunch menu meant same quality smaller portions but apparently it means smaller portions and no quality. As for the service I still think there will always be a few bad apples no matter where you go and it seems that I just have bud luck at this location. 

Probably going to drive across town next time and see if I can better service and order my delicious buffalo chicken pizza and rootbeer.
Excruciatingly sloooowwwww service.  I've never witnessed such inefficient serving.  Bring drinks, don't take food order; bring order, but don't bring the meals for the kids because you can't carry everything.  How about just get the kids first, then the rest?  Drop off to go boxes after meal and not the check, too.  Lost 10-15 minutes of time waiting for huge gaps in service.

Food was fine, but I as a patron should not have to ask "could you take my order" or "could I have my check" when clearly I was ready for both at those times.  

Our server was either new or just not ready for work that day because she was operating in slow motion compared to her coworkers.
Best of the Best. Never had a bad experience, recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone! I have a lot of items on there menu and must say i have never had a bad meal. Great Kids menu as well. Always a line out the door, but never have a problem getting a table
My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to treat ourselves to a nice lunch date together instead of the usual fast food run so we went to BJ's. BJ's isn't a fancy restaurant but it is a little more on the pricier side, but definitely worth it. We usually don't eat so heavily for lunch but we couldn't help ourselves once we saw the menu. We decided on the stuffed mushrooms for our appetizer because we heard a lot of good things about them and they were 100% right. The stuffed mushrooms were so delicious, perfect for an appetizer because the small portions definitely boosted up my appetite because I know for sure that I wanted more. Soon after our appetizer we received our soup of choice, I got the clam chowder and my boyfriend got their chili. The clam chowder was pretty good, nothing too special about it but there was nothing wrong with it either. The chili on the other hand needed an acquired taste I guess because I wasn't very fond of it because of the beer flavor. Since BJ's is a brewery I'm not surprised but it just didn't taste right to me. My boyfriend ate it because he ordered it but he wasn't the biggest fan of their chili either. (on a side note: a different time I went, I had their tomato soup and it was incredibly delicious...since we're on the soup subject.) after we finished our soup we noticed we weren't getting very good service because our server hadn't taken away our appetizer platter and we were done with our soups already, and our glasses were empty. Usually Im not picky and I don't mind but it wasn't busy at the time we went and our table was extremely tiny because it was just the two of us. I felt cluttered and a bit forgotten by our server. We ended up having to ask another server if they could take our plates and refill our drinks because our server was no where to be found. Anyways, when we finally got our main dishes, all was forgotten because the food was literally to die for. I ordered the Parmesan crusted chicken in lemon cream sauce. The portion was huge but I can't complain because I ordered from the dinner section, but I'm not complaining because leftovers was fine with me. I order an extra side of the lemon cream sauce because it was too delicious not to, and the chicken to sauce ratio was not sitting right with me with the extra sauce. Every bite was dreamy and delicious. The dish came with creamy garlic mashed potatoes and steamed green beans. The two sides went magnificently with the lemon cream sauce. If I could have, I most definitely would have finished but my stomach wouldn't allow it. My boyfriend ordered the jambalaya they serve there. I'm not a big fan of jambalaya in the first place so I don't want to comment on it since its already not my cup of tea. We knew about they're famous pizookies but we were way too full from our meal so we got our check, left a little less than decent tip for our ghost server and left. All in all the lunch was incredible. I definitely love this place.
I only gave it four stars because of the chocolate chunk pizookie.  Sometimes I go to BJs at least two to three times a week just to order the pizookie. I LOVE IT. 

Other than that, BJs service and food is mediocre.
They have their own microbrews which is pretty cool.  I've only tried a couple, but I really really enjoy the harvest hefeweizen.

I really only go to this place for beers and clam chowder.  There's lots of other stuff on the menu, but I haven't bothered with it too much.  I like the clam chowder so much I feel like I'm missing out if I try anything else.  With that said, I have tried a burger and a pizza here.  Both were pretty good if my memory serves me.

The clam chowder in a sourdough bowl.   Its good clam chowder; thick without being too thick.  The best part is the bread bowl though.  They butter the hell out of the "lid" and toast it.  It's amazing.  The bread is flakey on the outside and soft on the inside.

The service is about average but they do seem to get overwhelmed during happy hour times.
Tried the gluten-free pizza. Crust was way better than Sammie's Woodfired, but needed to ask for a side of sauce. They don't carry vegan cheese so without the cheese the gf pizza is just a crust with 1 tablespoon? of sauce spread on it. First time the sauce the server brought was fresh out of the fridge- really? To put on a hot pizza? Then she came back with some warm sauce per our request- in the bowls they probably serve ketchup in but I only had 1 piece of pizza left after waiting for the sauce.  Luckily we had ordered 3 toppings ($1 each) or it would have been extremely sad. They really should have all their signature pizzas available to order & just charge extra for the gluten-free crust. It was still good but I can make this at home buying the gf crust from Whole Foods deli (tastes & looks the same). Not sure we'll be back again. This is not a real gf pizza like Picazzo's in Arizona or Fresh Brothers in LA. So still looking for a good vegan gluten-free pizza in Vegas.
When a local bar charges you $9.75 for a Framboise Lambic on tap (12oz), I don't even want to give it 1 star. They have great food, but this is a travesty. This is not the Strip. I am a local! Beers on tap should never cost more than $5 in my opinion. Guess Ellis Island will see me more often now as they care more about their locals with $1.75 beers. The owners of BJ's sure don't care!
Me and my family (party of 6) went there for dinner a few nights ago. There was a 45 minute wait. No big deal. 55 mins pass and our buzzer finally buzzes. The hostesses then tell us to stand by the stairs and wait.  Another 15 minutes of waiting we had to do..and people kept walking by us so we felt VERY in the way. I asked a hostess why we had to stand and wait here and she said "so youre ready". uhm okay? I was perfectly ready in my spot on the seat thankyouverymuch. Anyway, we ended up being crammed into a booth. Oh well, at least we all love each other in my family. Then the server was very blah..Not bad but not good. It was busy so im sure he was in the weeds a bit. I had the santa fe salad and about died..YUM! The rest was good but those hostesses need to get it together. I AM a hostess and have been for years so I know how things go and I would NEVER make a party stand in the middle of a walk way for 15 minutes to "be prepared".
On a bit of a "healthy" food kick these days... so I love that they have an "Under 575 Calories" menu.  The Hawaiian Mahi-Mahi was surprisingly tasty.  The stir-fry veggie-pineapple fried rice was yummy and filling.  Sooo... I couldn't help but cheat just a little... but how can you go to BJ's and resist the Avocado Egg Rolls?!  I suppose you could if you didn't like avocados.. but if you're a fan and you haven't tried them, definitely give them a go on your next visit! :)
BJ's is a date-night staple for the boyfriend and I. The food is very consistent (I tend to order the same thing every time!). Not gourmet by any means, but tasty. Their new "Small Plate" appetizers are awesome and cheap! They also have a low-cal menu section, which is nice, but needs to be expanded. The menu is huge...like Cheesecake Factory huge. Their house brews are great. And the Pizookie is to.die.for. Two people can eat (drinks + entrees) for about $40.

Only 4 stars because of the service. It's hit-or-miss. Generally, food takes quite a while to arrive. The place can get pretty crowded on weekend nights, but the bar area is open seating with full menu.
Nothing here to get real excided about. The prices are ok. The food also is ok
Run of the mill. Food is good sometimes and sometimes not. Whatever the beer is good sometimes......Catch my drift. I dont think they care .
One of my favorite places to eat. I have been here many times, ordered many things. But the thing you gotta try more than once is the pizza, so good! They have their own microbrews which they make in house, I really enjoy the Blonde ale the most but the seasonal ones are very good as well. Appetizers are good, so many to choose from but I tend to get these artichoke bites that you can just pop right into your mouth. Come for lunch, it ranges from $6-10.
BJ's has to be one of my favorite chain restaurants in Vegas! They have incredible lunch specials and literally everything on the menu is good. My husband and I eat here at least once a month. We usually share a small pizza, which is plenty. They serve deep dish style pizza, while not exactly reminiscent of Chicago it is no doubt delicious. There isn't really sauce on the pizza, but there are tomatoes which I tend to push aside. The pizza is best complimented with a delicious Cobb salad. This salad is fantastic with a creamy garlic dressing, croutons, turkey, avocado, and cheese. I also enjoy their sandwiches and you really can't go wrong with their wedge or shoestring fries. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like and they have quite an extensive menu. It is seriously delicious American style food.

If you find yourself here you really must get a Pizookie for dessert, it is required and I often come here just for a Pizookie! Who doesn't want a warm chocolate chunk cookie with vanilla bean ice cream? So unbelievably yummy. 

I have received spotty service at times, but overall BJ's is a fantastic go-to restaurant if you want quality, affordable, and delicious food that everyone will love.
Um ya ok.
Great on-tap beer selection and their house-brewed microbrews are excellent!

Get the Parmesan Crusted Chicken.  It is heavenly and huge.  I guarantee you will not regret it.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!

Get a Pizookie at least once.  It's better than it sounds.  Get the appetizer Fried Artichoke Hearts; they are addicting and delicious with beer.

Mrs. Me and I usually end up eating here at least 2-3 times a month.  It's always good.  When we can't figure out where else to go, we go here.
Ok so I went here with my bf and our lil man for dinner one night, I hadn't been their in like 10 yrs so it was pretty much all new to me. 

We were sat immediately.  Our waiter who was super nice took our drink orders and we also decided to order an appetizer.  We ordered pot stickers for the appetizer.  The pot stickers were very tasty.  As for my main course, I decided to order the baby back ribs.  The ribs were very flavorful, and very meaty.  I had a baked potato (loaded) as a side which was also tasty.  My son ordered mini kids corn dogs, which he enjoyed.  My bf ordered a steak which he devoured quickly so I guess he liked it.  Than again he devours everything quickly.  

Overall this place exceeded my expectations.  I would come back again.  The food was delicious, good quality, with huge portions, and our server was awesome.
I like this place. They have a HUGE menu, lots of TV's, and the service is fast and friendly.

They also have a 'skinny menu' where everything is under 550 calories. PERFECT.

I got a grilled chicken and mango salad and it was amazing, been craving it since.  They also have a large selection of ice teas if you are into flavored tea!

I have now been twice and plan to go again. It's casual like a Chili's or Fridays but with better food.
Get the potato skins, or the giant baked potatoes cause they are bomb. Also they really good pizza, and this thing called pazookie for desert. Staff is always friendly. 
I got the jambalaya and it was very tasty and spicy too.
Great food and drinks very good service ..will go back again strawberry splash here i come
Fabulous.

Extremely reasonable. Great culinary selections. Their Pizookies will set you FREE!!!
If you ever have a question about what 'service/ should be, BJ's defines it. Anyone I've every escorted here has demanded to return the very next day.  Go figure.

http://www.snapfinger.com/menus/bjsbrewhouse/default.aspx?SiteID=5125
Just had fathers day lunch and everything was great. Kids meals came quick to keep them occupied and the server gave my husband a BJs pint glass as a fathers day gift. Great food and a nice family atmosphere.
BJ's is one of those places we go to when nothing else sounds good. Their menu seems to offer a little bit of everything and with the Henderson location what you end up getting, regardless of what it is comes out consistently good. 

At this location I never eat in, I always order to go and they make carside pickup a breeze. Order online or via the phone, drive over, park right up front and call the number on the signs and they bring your food to you and fast. 

So let's get to the food: I love the mini bruschetta, sometimes it disappears before the box makes it home. Chicken pot stickers, Santa Fe Spring Rolls, and Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps also get ordered frequently and we never have left overs. They offer a giant stuffed potato which in the take out version doesn't seem to have enough toppings for it.
Rather than review half the menyu let's get to the 2 special mentions: Their Mediterranean Pizza can go from good to truly mind blowing depending on who makes it. But no review of BJ's can be posted without mentioning their Pizookie dessert. I usually don't order dessert but even after the ice cream part was taken care of the cookie is so good and rich I was enjoying it 2 days later. Best way to put it, we don't order from here without ordering a Pizookie. 

Overall, while there are many places right around this location to get food if you want it to go and not even have to leave your car to get it, you can't go wrong giving BJ's a try.
Pros
*The food was really delicious.  Everything we tasted was amazing.
*Their beer is pretty decent
*Their signature dessert is a giant cookie with ice cream.  And the cookie is still hot
*The staff was extremely friendly

Cons
*My entree was 1600 calories.  Even taking half of it home still resulted in a mega-portion of fat and sodium (I obviously didn't order from the skinny menu)
*The Pizookie (dessert cookie) had less fat and calories than my entree.  Since when is dessert the 'healthy' portion of the meal
*The timing of our meal was off completely - our appetizer came out just seconds before our entrees and our dessert took another 20 minutes after ordering

We went for a late dinner on a Sunday.  The place was busy but not swamped.  Our waitress was a trainee and she had her trusty "pro" shadowing her.  We've all been a trainee before, and I think she did pretty well for a newbie.  The issue here is that at a few points during the evening the "pro" came over by himself and spoke with us.  I think it would be beneficial for the trainee to handle all situations instead of confusing the diners with multiple servers.

Somewhere along the way our meal timing got messed up.  The appetizer (poke - absolutely delicious) came out less than a minute before our entrees.  This led to that awkward situation where you try and eat the app as fast as possible so your meal doesn't get cold.  The poke was amazing, so not an issue.

While we were shoveling tuna into our faces, the manager came over.  He profusely apologized for the timing issue and said if we wanted to have a dessert he would pick up the tab on that.  Very nice, we thought, but not needed.  The timing thing wasn't really an issue for us, but it was a really nice gesture on the manager's part.

Please be warned that it's really tough to pick an entree at BJ's.  Their menu is extensive and everything sounds delicious.  The entrees we picked were both fantastic (Chicken Marsala and Tuscan Chicken Limone).  If ever there was a restaurant to not be a fat American, BJ's is it.  Take half home.  Their portions are large and should definitely not be consumed in one sitting.

Since the manager went out of his way to offer us the dessert, we opted for the peanut butter pizookie.  It's a warm peanut butter cookie, about 8" across, with ice cream on top.  Everyone has an inner fat girl, and she's drooling at the sound of this.  And yes, it's that good.  Ignore the diet, forget about the bathing suit body, just eat the pizookie and enjoy it.

Overall, we had a decent experience at BJ's.  The food is really good, the staff is really friendly, and they seem to genuinely care about making guests happy.  The portions are pretty big, and there was definitely some awkward moments created by the staff, but I think we'll likely return.
So I went here again with my kids this time on father's day very busy which was fine ....the bad is my order got lost some how so one hour later I  had to find the host  the manager came over and offer the whole meal free
A family fall-back, but quality and service is inconsistent.
We eat here at least least once a week....great place for kids or meeting the girls for a drink. Large selection on the menu and beer selection is AMAZING! Nice selection for kids as well, lots to chose from. Ask for Rachel if you go, she always give great service!
As a whole I like BJ's Brewhouse.  I just didn't much care for my experience at this one.  My daughter and I (She's the LV resident) went in for lunch and took a booth in the bar.  Since I am somewhat a regular at my local BJs I already knew what I wanted.  The California Burger and a Blue Moon.  Our server tries to talk me out of my beer choice because he thought down selling was going to be a wise choice.  When I told him he could not get me to change my mind, he kept trying to do it.  This marks the first time he irritated me.  We place orders and it took almost 15 minutes for the appetizer to come out and this only after my daughter looked at her watch then looked at him (no, they were not busy.) This was our second irritation. The whole time we are waiting for our food, our tool of a server was standing at the end of the bar talking with the bartender.  This guy did not care about appearances and to me it was disrespectful to just be seen hanging out. Now I am getting pissed.  Fast forward now...food comes out, granted they are still not busy, us and maybe one other table in the bar.  My sandwich and fries come out, the fries are barely warm and bottom of my sandwich is soggy.  Probably because our server left it sitting too long while he was yapping with the bartender.  I am giving the restaurant 3 stars because I do still like the place.  Our server, in my opinion deserves negative stars.  I will not name our server, but the management should start watching what goes on in the restaurant.
Handicapped unfriendly .  The non-bar eating areas are all down several steps from the entrance level. This typically wouldn't be a problem except at BJ's.  The ADA required ramp is at the BACK of the building and the only way to get there is through the long, crowded and furniture-filled bar.  Impossible to navigate with a wheelchair or walker most of the time.

If you can't handle stairs, stay away from this place.
They really do try hard at BJ's and I feel like they get that extra star for effort.

When it comes to family friendly chain restaurants, BJs is one of the few that I like. Their food, while not of remarkable. is consistent and some dishes don't substitute in fat to make up for flavor. BJ's has been able to really define itself in what is a competitive market segment. Having it's own selection of micro-brewed beers, deep-dish pizzas, and of-course the pazookie set it apart from the likes of Claim Jumper and others. 

I usually end up coming here almost once a week. The sandwiches and the deep-dish pizza (the Great White and the Mediterranean are awesome) never fail. But what really brings me in is of course the pazookie. It's their signature dessert, just like the cheesecakes at the cheesecake factory. 

Service is often hit or miss, but unfortunately my last experience was a miss. I came in during happy hour with a couple friends to catch the game. The bar area was pretty barren, no wait at all. We got our seat an the server took our order. Unlike most happy hour patrons, our group ordered pretty much everything. Beers, appetizers, pizza, pazookies, everything. The food was good, but for whatever reason, our server kept rushing. Maybe she was about to get off and wanted this the tip before she clocked out, I don't know. But considering the place was totally empty, I don't get why they would want to turn this table over so fast. Feeling rushed really does ruin the dining experience, especially at a place I go to so often. She brought our check out before the pazookie arrived which is highly unusual. After dessert had arrived the server stopped by to see if we had paid, seeing we that we had not, she stood nearby waiting for us to do so. This made the whole dining experience really AWKWARD.

I don't really expect every experience here to be like this, but it was really uncomfortable.
Interesting brew house in Vegas suburbs.  It has a chainy type of feel, but usually has quite a following.  There is indoor and outdoor seating.  The food is American comfort food.  They are tasty, but predictable.  The star are the beers.  There are too many to count.  The place is great for a large group of people.
We just discovered BJ's about a month ago and have already been back 3 times.  They have some of the best Lunch Specials in town - for $5.99!  The lunch tacos are wonderful.  Yesterday we enjoyed the happy hour specials.  All their house draft beers are $1 off and appetizers are $2 off.  We shared mozzarella sticks (really good!), stuffed mushrooms (awesome!), thai shrimp lettuce wraps (amazing!), chicken wings (very good!), and italian mini meatballs (Awesome!).  We didn't leave anything on our plates, it was all that good.  They have a large kids menu as well, and the restaurant is very family friendly.  BJ's has a customer loyalty card that you should get if you eat there often.  This is a great neighborhood eatery with something on the menu for every type of appetite.
I like coming here for free pizookies on peoples' birthdays.  Other than that...this place isn't extra special or anything.  It's just kind of one of those places you go to because you can.  I like their broccoli cheddar soup too though.  Its consistency isn't too thick and not too watery.  This place is actually really nice during lunch time hours because their lunch menu is reasonably priced and there are a ton of selections.  When I was in high school, we used to go here before games and stuff and it was a good go-to because of all the selections.  The atmosphere is comfortable and the staff at both west side and henderson locations are always really helpful.  Food-wise, it's kind of like better than Denny's?? I like it, but it's not like OMGARSH WE HAS TO GO HERE. Sometimes I crave it, or it's just a place my friends and I can hang.
Had a friendly gathering of six people last night.

The high points: friendly service, nice ambiance (somewhat muted lighting, certainly not too loud), some nice beers (the stout and the Jeremiah Red), pretty good (albeit pricey) appetizer sampler platter, and the almost heavenly pizookies (red velvet especially).

The low points: well, really just one thing. The pizza was really inexplicably bad. Waitress assured us that we could get our largest-sized pizza in thirds, with three different flavors, but it wasn't divided evenly at all or cut properly. We had to do it ourselves with a friend's burger knife. I'm pretty sure the five meat toppings dominated about half the pizza, and there was spillover between the great white and the spinach and artichoke.

That wasn't the worst part, however. The crust was unforgivably soggy except on the edges. Sure, there's a lot of sauce and toppings, but I expect if not a consistently crunchy crust, then at least something reasonably dry and stable.

The ingredients are not bad. I just reheated my leftover five meat slice in the oven, and it was quite delicious. The preparation, though, left so much to be desired.

As for dessert, the pizookies really were that spectacular. They were sweet and gooey. Even without a truly crunchy texture element, they're awesome. They're the only reason that this rating was saved from plummeting further. I would not mind trying this place again, but definitely without the pizza next time.
This used to be a great place now mediocre. Tonight went there and dined outside. Was seated at a dirty table and server named rick cleaned table with a napkin and was filthy and we made him get a rag. He finally did. We ordered and never was asked if we wanted a drink. Pizza came and was terrible and had to be sent back. Service from Rick was awful and food was terrible. This place has gone down.
Awesome pizza! Samplers of beer are fun to try and their specialty/seasonal stuff is very good
Had a deep dish cheese and chicken pizza that was great. Service was horrible from the seating to the server.
This was the 2nd time I have been here.  This time I tried some new Garlic Chicken, Bacon Ranch pizza.  The pizza was fabulous.  You can get it deep dish or hand tossed.  Everything about the pizza was good, no complaints on the food whatsoever.  I did think the server was a bit slow.  We had an older lady and she took a long time to come around to get our orders.  Also, the prices can be a bit high for some but it's for good quality foods.  This place also has some of the best desserts too, but again you have to pay a pretty penny for any of the desserts.  I wish I could do 1/2 stars because I would probably go 3.5 on this one just because the prices and service weren't good enough, but the food is great and that's reason enough for me to stick with 4 stars here.
Man, I totally made a mess of the evening before, so I had to meet a friend to work out a situation.  We wanted to go to a place that had great food and a great vibe...that I've never been to.  Ok, so I can't lie and say that although we had to talk about something important, a small part of my decision to go to BJs was because A.) I haven't been there, B.) I heard it was really good and C.) It would give me the opportunity to make a review on Yelp :)

This place has a huge buzz, well at least from what I experiences.  True it was on a Saturday night but the place was packed with people, the lighting was hip and the overall vibe made me excited to be there!  They have their own signature brews and offered many menu options?  Uh, yes please!  Our server was quite but didn't a good job.  

For my first visit, here's what I got:

Drinks: A couple of glasses of the Piranha Pale Ale.  It's a hoppy ale and had a snappy flavor.  Apparently this beer took Silver in some American beer festival in the past, so I had to try it.  

Appetizer: For the table, we got the Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps.  Grilled shrimp glazed with spicy Thai sauce, served on a bed of Napa cabbage, cilantro, carrots and red onion, all tossed with a fresh, minty mango salsa and sprinkled with toasted coconut. Served in butter lettuce cups with a spicy Thai sauce for dipping.  The shrimp to everything else ratio was great and the sauce really pulled all the components together.  Sooo good!  A little messy but I definitely looked passed that!

Meal: For my meal, I got the New enLIGHTened Thai chicken mango salad.  Grilled, marinated chicken breast, chili spiced jicama and mango strips, red bell peppers and red onions on a bed of mixed baby greens, bibb lettuce and arugula tossed in a sweet citrus-chili dressing and topped with fresh sliced avocado, mint, green onions and sesame wonton crisps.  Trust me, that description was taken from BJs' website, I'm not that good at descriptions, however, I am good at giving my take on it.  Probably one of the best salads I've ever had.  The spiced jicama complimented the sweet mango and the bell peppers gave a crisp texture.  This salad was packed with seemingly clashing components but it all worked well together.  

So for all of you who want to know, yes, we worked out our differences and made a possible bad situation into a completely better one.  I definitely think the food had something to do with it.  The place had a great buzz and I can't wait to come back!  Thanks guys!!
Chain restaurant but tasty and lots of variety.
I come here often with my family for a quick meal that offers something for everyone. 

Although they do offer something for everyone,like all chains, its not always good. Same with the service. Most times its slow, especially if you sit at the stations in the far back. 

Ordered the lettuce wraps, the filling was all cold and there was little flavor. Even with the sauce added, now I only tasted salt. 
My husbands salad looked as though the lettuce had been out for sometime, and somehow the chicken fingers did not pass my daughter's tastebuds. 

Typically I have gotten a decent meal here. It could have been the night, but they were not that crowded. We were immediately seated.However I was surprised though that our server never asked if everything came out ok. I would have probably said something. 

I'm sure I'll go back and try something different!
Service slow, messed up the order twice.  One of our party did not get their food til after the rest of us were done.  No apology.... Just excuses.
Love this place and the location always great food and I have never had a complaint!
Great place with good employees. Although a chain restaurant, their beer selection is nice, their own brews are not bad at all (Jeremiah Red and Abbey are awesome) and their bartenders are really solid (Tyler and Ashley stand out amongst the team).  Plus their happy hour from 4-7pm with half off pizzas (awesome pizzas.....) is a great deal.

NOTE: Does NOT brew on site. Everything is shipped in.
Lunch !! Yummmy food!!
New stuffed mushroom appetizer! The food is always fantastic, but their is always a wait and the servers are stretched to the max. If you want something like say a drink refill, you will have to wait for your server to come back around which always seems to take longer than it should.  We will be back because the food is soo good, we have lowered our expectations for the service.
I think this is place is SO SO DARK. well the food is ok. Though it is little pricy compare to the quality. I would go back to try different menu. Maybe i will find something i love. =)
We have eaten here before and enjoyed everything, but we never had such horrible service as we experienced tonight for dinner. I had mentioned to the hostess and the manager that we were celebrating my Dad's 83rd birthday and that we would be ordering desert for him, (hoping they would at least put a candle on it). My father ordered coffee with cream and sugar, the waitress (Patricia) bought the coffee and cream but said she would be back with the sugar?? She bought him extra coffee in a little stainless steel teapot which did not keep the coffee hot. When he was ready for more coffee she bought him a cup but forgot the cream and said she would be back with the cream?? He sat for at least 5 minutes waiting for cream before someone else finally bought it. We wanted to order desert before we were done eating but she never came back. So when she finally took our dinner plates away we ordered desert and waited. She gave us our check before the desert even arrived and when another server brought the desert out--no candle--no have a happy birthday--nothing.
The food was very good, especially the Barbecue chicken salad, but the service was not acceptable.
And bring a flashlight to see the menu, some of the tables are so dark you can't read the menu. We watched other tables struggle to find some light to read the menu also.
busy friday night, was seated in 15 minutes at a nice table. great service. food was delicious. ate family style with shrimp scampi (excellent) and bj favorite deep dish pizza. prices are reasonable, food is great, we love this place!
Sorry BJ'S, our last visit has made me decide that we can no longer be friends. Although you do normally serve delicious food, our last visit here during the early evening hours left us wanting more. Our server ignored us for our entire meal, we had to get her attention for more napkins and water (even after she said she'd be back with more water), and she seemed entirely pre-occupied. We had our 2 year old with us and that, unfortunately, sometimes seems to scare our servers off. Our child was very well-behaved and we ALWAYS clean up after ourselves. Although you are normally an awesome place for happy hour or a dinner for two, please do not ignore your paying customers (and good tippers I might add) just because they have a little one.
Having moved here from So. Cal about 3 years ago, I needed a new local hang and this is it. Good food. Good service. Fun regulars. Great bartenders! Special shout out to Ben, Tyler, and Kevin. These guys are fun to hang with and take care of business. Norris, Kayla and Aubrey are all great too, just not so sports minded which with that awesome TV is well....... Okay. Just not as entertaining. I give it five stars because its my new comfortable home away from home.
We came here after work for beer and pizza and the staff was very friendly. We ordered a bacon ranch chicken pizza with no onion... When our pizza came it did in fact have onion but it wasn't a big deal to pick it off. Our waitress offered to get us a new pizza without onion right away but we declined. Before our check came the manager came to us with a fresh pizza in a to go box without onion free of charge just to be sure we left completely satisfied. We were all very impressed with the excellent service!
Ok so I think i have about had it with this place. Other bj's are sooo much better but the service at this one sucks!

They have failed miserably like 5 times in a row. The thing is the foods always pretty good and the beer is great. But having to wait 30 minutes for a pitcher of beer or to even see your server is unacceptable. The sweet pig pizza and j. Red beer is great and keep is coming back but maybe not worth it in the end with grimaldis acrossnthe street

.... So i went back again (dont ask) and was the same old story....terrible service and people angry all around us. Manager took forever to get to tables who had issues and was a disaster. I flat out asked the server " why is the service always so bad here"' it cant be a server issue if its always bad... It has to be a management issue with payroll or terrible training! She only had 5 tables and was not double sat so i really have no clue other than the service always sucks and the food/beer is always good
Even with all the other places to chose from, when I want a good draft beer and good food, I go to BJ's.  Tonight I had the belgian Grand Cru draft and the Parmesan crusted chicken.  Their beer prices are some of the best in town, especially if you make it during lunch or happy hour.  The Parmesan crusted chicken came ($13.95)with excitement and accolades from the bartender, so I decided to give it a try.  It was wonderful and comparable quality to many high-end restaurants.  This meal was seriously amazing and I would order it again tomorrow.  The bartenders are great, the beer is great, and the food is great!  We always have friendly service and get our money's worth every time we visit.
Showed up at quarter to 5 on. Tuesday afternoon and even though there was plenty of seating available we we told that we would have to wait 5-to10 minutes. I could have understood if they were busy but they were not. Typical to these type of businesses they just don't get customer service.
We were visiting Las vegas from out of town and try to venture off strip. This was so enjoyable to us, we went twice in 6 days. We found the service very good on 1st trip, and adequate on 2nd trip,but the 2nd trip was very busy for them so I assume service level is dictated by how much the staff has to handle. Wife loved the free refills of house made sodas and I ejoyed the house porter & stout. Food quality above avg for a chain and we truly enjoyed the calif chicken sandwhiches and side salad upgrade was a nice feature. Surprisingly alot around us ordered Pizza- in a town full of pizza. I should think stick to bar style foods here. I would return if I`m in the area or find a BJs elsewhere would gladly stop
I decided to give this place a try last week and I may or may not ever go back. The food was good (I ordered my food low carb: a double cheeseburger without a bun and a side of broccoli instead of fries). The kitchen was very accommodating and didn't give me a hassle about the substitution. The burger was really good and had a nice chargrilled taste to it. My problem was with the portion size of the broccoli. I know veggies are more expensive than potatoes, but COME ON! I was served 5 little florets of broccoli; one was cut in half to try to fill the empty space more. (See the photo I uploaded). I took a picture of my plate the minute it was served to me. Was there a broccoli shortage or something? I thought that was ridiculous. 

The menu isn't too varied but they seem to have lots of pizza options. The "brewhouse" element of the place is really played down. They have a few beer tanks in the far back corner that are hidden out of view. 

The food was good, the ambiance was fine, but the service was absolutely horrendous! We weren't greeting when we walked in the place for about 10 minutes -- on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 pm! This is a busy time and restaurants need to have on their "game face." When we finally were greeting, we got a nice table but then we had to wait and wait and wait for a server to greet us. Finally, after 15 minutes, we were approached. We ordered drinks...and then had to wait and wait and wait to get them! Finally we ordered our food, which took over 30 minutes to arrive. People at adjacent tables were all complaining (loudly) about how bad the service was. Our waiter disappeared for the entire meal, and we finally had to get up to go find somebody to ask for our check. It was abysmal. There were plenty of employees around, but our waiter was HORRIBLE. I don't know if I'll ever go back because the service was just so bad.
Have went to the one in San Bruno a lot an now over here in Las Vegas during my spring. Better than what I had Saturday with a badly cooked steak. But anyways the dish that I love the most is the Tuscan chicken loume (sorry for any typos) it's is a citrus lemony light delight. I love the balance of flavor although I'd recommend that you don't feed it to some kids as there taste buds are still developing which might make them not like but yet it's a good why for them to try something new. I'd give these Resturant's a 5 star rating because of their great attention to detail and nice customer service. Definitely coming back as usual.
After waiting in line for over an hour to see the Easter Bunny Mandi L. and I decided we needed a bloody mary! Hunnie Bunnie wanted ice cream, so BJ's it is! 
First Mandi grabbed a booth inside but I thought we should sit outside to enjoy the beautiful weather. They set us up with a table but there was no umbrella shading it so it kind of sucked, but we decided to stay outside anyway. Another table said they were leaving soon so as soon as they did we grabbed their table and it was perfect. 
Hunnie Bunnie had a scoop of ice cream and we enjoyed some spicy bloodies. They garnish these with a big ol' celery stick, a pickled green bean, an olive and a picked pepper. Not bad. Could have used some MORE garnish like a pickle, a beef stick, a piece of cheese... LOL but that's just how I personally like them: mini salad in my bloody glass!
Unfortunately, my review of this place is a combination of 2 visits: 1 being a 4-star, and the other being a 2-star, hence a 3-star total.

I came here last week and met a friend for dinner.  We sat in the bar area were immediately greeted by a server.  She was friendly and helpful.  We ordered burgers, both of which were amazing.  I got the Bacon Cheeseburger with a Chipotle mayo and he got the California burger.  They were huge and I could barely finish mine.

It always seems busy there, but we didn't have to wait on the server.  I actually really like the busy atmosphere.

I came here again with my best friend and goddaughter yesterday.  We were craving bloodies and my goddaughter wanted ice cream so this seemed like the perfect spot.  Right off the bat, the hostesses seemed completely uninterested and in a simple word, LAME.  Their attitude screamed "It's Easter, I don't want to be here."  They were just so blah and unfriendly.  Anyway, after asking if the outside patio area was shaded, she said yes and that there was a table.  She seated us out there at the one table that didn't have an umbrella.  Luckily another table was just finishing up so we moved over as soon as they left.  

We got our bloodies and ice cream and were pretty happy then.  Our server was nice enough and to our surprise, we were on happy hour the entire time so our bloodies were $1 off.  The other thing that would contribute to the 2 stars is that several other tables left as we sat there and no one ever bussed the tables.  It just looked sloppy and gross.
I always receive a very consistent meal here, whether if I'm in the mood for a salad, pizza or turkey burger.  BJ's always is pretty busy so don't be surprised if you have to wait.  

Hands down my favorite item on the menu is the Pizookie, which is a giant pie lie chocolate chip cookie fresh from the oven with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top, that in itself is a meal!

If you are looking for a more up-scale bar scene but want to escape the slightly higher prices of Yard House, I would recommend BJ's.
BJ's makes due when you're with a group of people who are all craving something different. Although the food is mediocre, there's something for everyone.

I've been here several times, but my most recent visit was Saturday after the Spartan Race. We were a group of 6. We started with nachos, potato skins, and wings. Potato skins and wings were pretty good. The nachos were okay..

I was craving pizza so I got an individual 5 cheese pizza with pepperoni. Half of the pizza was good. The reason I say that is because the whole inner half was soggy. A complete mush, so I was only able to eat half.

Had a chocolate chip pazookie for dinner. Yum! Service was really good.
This place is awesome! I love it. They have their own brew house and the selections are great. I enjoy myself everytime at this place, the service is quality and the food is tasty. No matter what i order i always make sure I have those shrimp lettuce wraps as an appetizer. Also on Tuesdays their wines by the glass are half off. For improvements I would say to make sure that there are no water marks on the silverware and plates, minor details matter. But overall, I love this place. It is my favorite in the area.
Buffalo Chicken Pizza is a must and the poke salad is a great surprise!
We planned a girls lunch and here I'm so glad we did!  I had the enLightened Thai Chicken Salad.  It was really good and under 575 calories!   Courtney was our waitress and she was excellent!  Our drinks never went empty even during the busy lunch hour! 

Thank you for a great lunch!

Tip: Sign up for BJ's Premier Rewards Membership before you go.  You get seated much faster and they immediately email you a coupon for a free mini Pazooki!
I've been here for both drinks and apps as well as for lunch and I'm definitely a fan.  The restaurant is comfortable and airy.  Spacious booths and tables that don't feel cramped.  Service has been very attentive.  

Our first time here my husband got the beer sampler and I think there are 8 beers included.  My husband mentioned that he wanted to try some of the "seasonal" beers but didn't think that he could drink more than 8 samples.  The server said that they had a sampler with four of these beers that he could add on.  When the server said "add on" we thought he meant "throw in" but they did wind up on the bill.  Misunderstanding, no big deal.  I'm not normally a huge craft beer person but my favorite was BJ's Jeremiah Red.  

I've tried pasta and some of their small bites here and, while the food has been good, I can't say it's anything to rave about.  There are definitely some meals I want to come back and try.  Especially since I often see coupons for them in those little coupon booklets. 

The pizookie is a fabulous dessert.  Break your diet with one - it's worth it.  Also, sign up for their rewards membership online and get a coupon for a free mini pizookie.
Sit at the bar....bartenders are great! Mahi tacos perfect.
It was Mother's Day, and after being dumped at the crepe shop, our group was feeling stood up and a touch angry- but were able to get a table at BJ's with a bearable wait time. 

I was surprised with how good the service was on such a busy day. The service was slow, but everything made it's way out within 40 minutes of when our food order was placed, and amazingly there was not a single thing wrong with any of our food. Is it sad that I expect something to go wrong with someone's order in a large group? 

This is a generic BJs, and the food is rarely ever anything that wows me so I was slightly disappointed that we had driven from NoLaVe to Hendertucky to get a pizza at BJs (huh.. hello.. we live around the corner from Old School Pizzeria!) but what really was outstanding was the service provided my the manager on duty. He was great in making sure our large group had enough room to dine comfortably, and even came back around to check up on us again. BRAVO! Finally, after a dry spell of awful service we have a day of good service, I had even started to feel like I was jaded about service.

Will I be back? Probably not to this one since it's so far, but I have no problems visiting another BJs- we probably frequent the chain twice a year when I'm feeling too lazy to cook and we can't decide on anything.
Great atmosphere, good food! But the service varies. We had a server who hardly checked on us.
Had the chicken club. It was good. Calzones are very tasted too!
So this wasn't our first choice, or our second choice, or even our third choice. But it was lunch time on Mother's Day (I know...good timing), so we took what we could get without having to drive around town. They were really busy (I know, big surprise!), but they took really good care of our large party, the manager was our savior that day! The food was typical BJ's, I've eaten here before, Fridays/Chili's chain type food, it's average but not at all what any of us wanted (it's not their fault). 
I was in dire need of a cocktail at this point, I got the Tickled Pick, a bit sweet but good. We all shared some of the Children's Captain Crunch French Toast, it was good but you couldn't tell it had Captain Crunch on it:( I ordered the Shrimp Tacos for lunch, they were surprisingly better than expected.
South Eastern Avenue has such a wide array of food choices I doubt I'll be back anytime soon, but it works when your stuck between a crepe and a closed place. (Inside joke)
It's really nice and comfortable here for an after work drink. The burgers were really good and the atmosphere is great.
Food wasn't amazing, service was very slow and inattentive. Staff is very young, they should do a bit more training to get to reach better professionalism.
Seemed like a fun place, cool decor and great beer selection, but a few minutes into the enormous menu and the chain restaurant feel took over. The deep dish pizza tasted a bit like Pizza Hut which was disappointing, and they "ran out" of tomatoes for my wife's pizza, (no tomatoes at a pizza place, huh?) Consider it a classy Applebee's and check your expectations at the door.  There are better Pizza options in Henderson and drinking around a bunch of kids isn't cool.  Doubtful I'll return.
I liked the pale ale. It was exactly what you would expect for a micro brewery. Full of flavor.

The appetizers were pretty good to. I would recommend the egg rolls.

Overall the food was a bit pricey.

The service was pretty slow though. It wasn't very busy but it still took really long to get our food.
Chicken Fried Steak is Killer!!!
Sweet Pig Pizza and Chicken Bacon Ranch are two of our favorite items on the menu here. But what I like too is there are occasional specials like during the summer they have an additional BBQ menu. The spinach, arugula and berries salad and the corn fritters are really yummy. 

As far as family restaurants go, I love this place. My 7 year old adores the pizookies and we always get a booth so she can spread out if necessary. Service has always been good when we've come and as far as chain restaurants go, this and Sammy's Wood Fired Pizza is as good as it gets for us in Las Vegas.
I ordered the top sirloin medium rare. When I cut into it I discovered it was well done! A server did not come around until 15 minutes later. By then I had decided to try it. Dry and tough!!!! The server ask if I wanted another, but my friends were almost done with their meal. So I just told her I was very disappointed and did not finish the steak. No compensation was made. I guess BJ's us just not a place for steak. Very disappointing.
Yes please! The ambiance, service and food are all up to par. Deep dish pizza was great, fried artichoke and the mahi mahi were all delish. Service is very personal and managers walk around and ensure quality. Not to mention the extensive beer menu.
Extensive menu, above average food, decent beer selection.
I have to admit BJ's is probably one of my least favorite chain restaurants, so I'm never too excited to go to any location. I was meeting my OG Ryan B for lunch and I remember seeing a coupon for a large any style pizza so we couldn't resist. 

We came around 12:45 and it was packed. We were seated in the bar area on a high top table and were greeted relatively quickly by our server and gave her our coupon and put our order in for a large five meat deep dish. They were a little slow getting our drinks and refills were a little hard to come by at first, as we had to remind her a few times for drinks. We also had to remind them that we needed silverware, sugar for my tea as well as red pepper flakes for our pizza. Service was friendly however and I cut them slack for being so busy. 

As far as our pizza goes, it wasn't great. Not as hot and cheesy as I was hoping. Maybe a few more minutes in the oven would have added a crispiness that was needed. I definitely wouldn't have been happy about paying full price for the meal, but at half off it was ok. They took our coupon without problem and even gave us a free mini pizookie with our offer. This was my first time trying a pizookie and I wasn't blown away, but for free I was quite happy with it nonetheless. 

I won't be back without a coupon, but at a discount this place will do in a pinch and I do enjoy their beer selection quite a bit.
Excellent atmosphere. Restaurant is tidy and welcoming. Server was knowledgeable and helped with every selection along the way. The Mediterranean Pizza was exquisite and had ingredients that are lacking in most other imitators. Many craft beers and the Brewhouse Blond fit my palate perfectly, as I tend to favor the lighter varieties. No complaints whatsoever, and I look forward to visiting this location again.
I love this restaurant and the food is great.  But the SERVICE is terrible.  You guys are a busy place hire more employees.   It's terrible you get your appetizers before your drinks. After our meal all of our dirty plates are still on the table.  Bad bad bad
Had an amazing lunch! We had the best waitress, Jennifer gets 5 stars!
What the heck happened?  This place used to deliver great value.  Our pizza was served cold, the wait staff was either over-taxed or out-to-lunch.  Regardless of the promotional discount, I may return, if only for a beer.  The pizza is a big miss.
Ok. If you come here, make sure you order the brewed sodas! Delicious and frosty cream soda and root beer for starters makes this a nice hang out. Feeling like some booze? Try a delicious beer from their brewery. My personal favorites? Try the stout and the Jeremiah Red. All these with a pizza is a great way to spend an evening. For dessert make It easy on yourselves and go straight for the Pizookie. Its a giant chocolate chip cookie! Cant go wrong.
I love the lunch special the salads are really good
This a local favorite for good food and drinks, a great atmosphere and the service is awesome. Norris and Emily are our favorite bartenders because they are always so welcoming and nice with huge smiles on their faces. It's always nice to stop in after a hard days work and enjoy good company over great drinks :)
Went to Bj's, had wine, drinks, salad and dinner.

My bill had a mistake which I caught later.  Was charged for two wines instead of one.   After waiting on hold for a very long time, manager said she would call me back with a resolution.  No call back.
I love the BJ's chain but this restaurant is very hit and miss.  I have had some of the worst service in my life at this place.  Last winter a group of seven sat down for lunch and it took 30 minutes for the drinks and then another 20 minutes to order.  So 50 minutes before we ordered our food.  The pizza at this particular BJs is terrible, they put almost no sauce on the bread and over cook it.
I came here following the recommendation of the sales rep at the Bells outlet mall.  It was a good distance away from the Strip, out in Henderson--possibly a 15 - 20 minute drive.

We sat on the bar for quicker service.  We had the pleasure of having Emily serve us.  Emily was fantastic--very helpful, outgoing, and offering valuable recommendations.  Not to mention she is a cutie! =D

Of course when in Vegas, I am always drinking.  And dinner here was no different.  My buddy chose the 4 beer sampler while I opted for the 8 beer version.  The 8 beer sampler totaled 40oz.  Not bad for a sampler!  And only about $12.xx to boot!  Beers were of your more obscure, microbrewery variety and all sooo good.  Got a diverse range of flavors and colors of beer.

Not knowing what to eat (menu is quite extensive), we chose the thai chicken wonton based on its picture in the menu.  Tapa sized portions which worked out fine since I didn't want to get stuffed off an appetizer.  The wonton texture was crispy and flaky.  The accompanying thai sauce was a bit strong on the fish sauce--use in moderation.  Good consistency of sauce--don't like watery sauce softening the wrappings of my wontons...  It was good, but I wouldn't make a strong recommendation on it.  If you are in the mood for this, then order; otherwise, not a must have.

My buddy ordered the deep dish pizza.  Not sure what was the name of the specialty pizza but he ordered the meaty version.  He liked it, but I'm a pickier eater.  I thought the pizza lacked flavor as if it needed salt which is quite surprising since meat on pizza is usually salty by nature.  Not so with this pizza.  was the meat boiled prior and the saltiness leached off?  idk....  Lots of cheese but nary of tomato sauce.  Need a better balance with sauce and cheese...  

Bartender Emily's favorite dish at BJ's is their jambalaya.  With so many attractive entrees in their picture menu, I had a difficult time selecting my entree.  Warily, I went with Emily's recommendation and got the jambalaya.  Thank you, Emily, for your suggestion!  I rarely eat jambalaya so don't have a frame of reference to compare against, but this passed the taste test.  Unless you have an aversion to cajun spice, I think you will enjoy this dish.

Tried the Pizookie for dessert.  Hot, large & thick cookie topped a la mode with ice cream.  The contrast of the cold ice cream on the freshly baked cookie is a winning combo!

To recap, mixed reviews on their deep dish pizza, but the jambalaya, 8 beer sampler, and pizookie are winners!  Ohh, and Emily is a hottie!  With dozen's of locations throughout the US, BJ's could be a good spot to fall back on for a cheap-to-moderately priced meal..
Always a good time watching football, having a couple craft beers... Pumpkin Spice Ale and Octoberfest!! A very tasteful mix of weather changing aromas and warm flavors. Happy hour - with mini pizzas and other specials going as we watch the morning games. You can never go wrong with the triple chocolate ghirradelli pizookie!!
I just love BJ's. It might be the food, the drinks, and the entire atmosphere, but I adore it. The restaurant is usually full at every location, so it doesn't hurt to make a reservation. 

The Ahi Poke dish is my favorite and that Cheeseburger Pizza really tastes like a burger! The pizookie is super good, I suggest the macadamia one if you like sweets that are not -too- sugary! 
If you're on a budget, try their lunch menu M-F @ 12-3 pm. I think you'll find that BJ's is better than your average restaurant :)
If I had written a review 6 months ago I'm sure I would of given BJ's 5 stars, however, my last few visits have left somewhat of a bitter taste in my mouth. The food and drinks here are always more than great, but the service which used to be just as good no longer lives up to my expectations. Both of my last visits were on slow nights where we were one of only a handful of tables in the restaurant. 

Now I work in the service industry so I can understand certain situations but being that our server only had a couple other tables I cannot grasp the fact that he kept disappearing for lengthy periods at a time. When we first arrived he greeted us in a timely manner and brought us our waters. We then ordered an appetizer to share while deciding on our entrees. Almost 20 minutes went by before we saw our appetizer or our server again. He dropped off the appetizer in a hurry, didn't ask if we were ready to order (which we were) and proceeded to disappear again. We were done with our appetizer for 5 minutes before he finally reappeared and took our order. The food was great but we just couldn't understand where he kept disappearing off to. We even had to flag down other servers to get things we needed, like refills for our constantly empty waters (biggest pet peeve). 
 
This experience won't necessarily stop me from returning because as I've mentioned I love the food, but I certainly hope they do something to improve their lacking service.
I like the gluten free pizza here the best. It's delicious and has a variety of toppings available. The service is friendly and the crowds are good. It's a good place to go for a casual dinner.
We sat at the bar. Service was  good and  food was excellent! The light beer on tap actually had some flavor.
I've been to a bunch of BJ's in California...and I like consistency. I was looking forward to a gluten free pizza and a gluten free pizzookie and that's exactly what I got...the best part was the service with a smile from Jennifer. I would definitely return to this location. Great gluten free pizza and dessert...yum yum...oh and the house-made root beer is not to be missed.
Lunch crowd was very busy but the bar has open tables and booths. Nice menu selection and good weekday deals. I had lunch special half California chicken sandwich, soup, and fries for $7.99. Tuesdays is half off all wine by the glass and bottle so I also took advantage of that! Nothing really special but over all good service, good atmosphere and make sure to take a look at their daily specials.
Had to wait 25 minutes to eat, which isn't a big deal, but my girlfriend and I were forgot about and skipped multiple times. Also the hostess had an attitude about it... We were sat with no silver wear. How am I supposed to eat my food, man? Good pizza, but a D- for the customer service. I'm sure there's a BJs somewhere else in town that can do you better.
I love the customer here, it's kind of slow but overall it's great. Terry the handle an issue I had with an take out order that really made my day.
Update time!  

I love most of, if not all, of the food I've tried here!  It's such a huge menu to choose from.  For dinner, my favorite meal is the balsamic glazed chicken.  

I absolutely the adore the sodas on tap.  Black cherry and orange cream are my fav's. 

And the pizookie... well, I just can't pass up a pizookie.  I can't find anything wrong with a warm cookie topped with ice cream, except maybe for how long it takes them to make it (so order early) and how bad it is for you lol.

The downsides for me: dinner, drinks, and dessert at this chain restaurant really add up.  It's not the cheapest.  Also, the service can be pretty slow and the place gets packed.  You can call ahead to put your name on the list so I recommend this if you're going on the weekend.  

I'm so pleased with the food here that I'm sure I'll keep on coming back.  I've had worse service for way less delicious food so I can overlook it...
Our waiter Aaron was excellent, one of the best waiters I have ever had. The food and beer is good as expected. I recommend this BJ's as it is not too far front the strip and is a nice break from the strip crazy...
Ehh..... Defiantly not the greatest food..

Our wait was a little over 40 min and the food was not that great. I got the California Chicken it was so bland. Seriously no flavor. The green chilis had no kick to them or flavor. I was highly disappointed. The husband got a steak and steamed veggies. He ordered medium rare and It came out well done.... 

This place was just not that great overall. Not a place I plan to come back to when I visit Henderson again.
Generally, I like BJ's,  however during our last visit our beers were warm, service was slow and when we said something to our server she didn't offer to correct any of the issues and we ended up leaving to get dessert elsewhere as we were aggravated with the experience.  Not the first time we have had issues with our servers here.
I am always surprised at how good the food is at this restaurant. They also will give you a baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on top for a birthday celebration. You can watch your favorite football games while you enjoy your food. The place is clean and the people are friendly !!!!!
For the price, competitors cannot beat the food and atmosphere of this place.

I eat at this location with a group of friends regularly. The staff is ALWAYS friendly and plays along with the stupid things that are sometimes said by our group. I'm not proud of this, but we sometimes stay here for three or four hours until closing time. The staff never seems to have a problem with this either. Kudos to them.

The menu is surprisingly extensive, and the food quality is great for the price. I enjoy the salads, and the deep dish pizzas are incredibly tasty. Also, get the Pizookie Party Platter with a small group!

At the end of the day, the food is good, but the staff is what makes me give this location five stars. Keep up the good work!
Yes it's a chain restaurant but the food quality is great I love coming here never disappointed they have the best wings and amazing avocado egg rolls I love the pozzikies (I think that's how you spell it) this place is def my guilty pleasure and the service is great
I"m likely to come back here and update my review, but for now it's a 3-star.  

Calamari was overcooked, and dry.  The dips that came with them weren't enough.

My burger was well cooked, but I expected fries, and if not, at least up-sell me some.  I asked, and some appeared in less than a minute.

The beer was great.  

Not a bad atmosphere, and I hope to try again.  Hoping next time I'm more blown away with some better execution.

Hoping for a better experience, and willing to give them another try soon.
I have been back a couple of times, to a couple of different locations, and I love this place.

Busy - for a reason!  But I never have to wait very long.  The service has been very good, the food consistent and the quality very good.

Very happy with the beer selection, I don't remember the name of the "Red" but it was awesome...

4.5 stars.  Recommended.
Who doesn't like beer, pizza, and of course giant chocolate chip cookies? No one. BJ's brewery is awesome. It has a nice atmosphere and it is very family-friendly. The food in general is good. I really have never had a horrible meal there. The restaurant is always clean and inviting and they always play the best sports matches. It's loud enough in there to be fun but quite enough to have business meetings and talk with a friend or coworker over a nice meal. To be honest, the only thing I don't like is that there is barely anything on the menu lesson 700 cal. And that does not include the side dishes.
Food is delicious. Great place to take anyone. Family friendly, has a full bar, tv's all over and just about a little bit of everything as far as food. This is one of my favorite spots!
I love the physical location. The revolving door, the huge wall of alcohol and beers -- its lovely :) 

But the food is o-k. I have had mixed experiences with staff so that's why it gets a 3. There was twice where we had 2-3 different servers( people training i think)  then there was mass confusion.. And then there was a time where our server was on point. 

Overall - its a safe place to go to get variety on American food - and the Pazookie (my fave is the red velvet) is the business!
Good food, awesome pazookis. Fireballshots are a bit expensive at like $8 a pop but it is a restaraunt and not a bar. I got the Pink Cadalliac martini and it tasted like no booze was in it. Overall though, the bar has a nice large TV in it which I was able to glance at. Service was pretty good. About a 20 min wait on weekend nights to get sat unless you can find an open spot at the bar.
Stopped by to have a quick lunch. We ordered chicken quesadilla and pizza. Both were lunch specials. They were both delicious. Yeah, we'll be back. Perhaps for dinner next time.
Had an amazing seared ahi salad with a Jeremiah red. I will be asking for my server Justin P. again. I came in by myself and he made my time there awesome. Felt like royalty. Think I found my new favorite beer too.
The Food is good. The waiter we had on this particular day wasnt the best they have. We were hungry and the food arrived late. The overall experience isnt something i  would want when i go out to eat.
I didn't see myself coming back here and trying the pizza again. However, with a group dinner scheduled for this place, I had no choice in the matter.

It took a while after our reservation time, but we were finally seated in the dining area on the street-facing side of the restaurant. I found out that the food was presented buffet-style for us, and it was right up by the wall for us to access. I guess no enterprising neighbors bothered to try to filch some extra food, but we ended up with extra food at the end.

Our menu included a house salad, with an Italian dressing and a ranch dressing, a grilled chicken pasta with creamy white sauce and broccoli (and apparently not enough chicken at all), and various pizzas. The pizzas were way better than last time, mainly because the crust was not soggy. I guess they know how to cook the smaller pizzas than whatever gigantic monstrosity I experienced in my last review. I didn't get to try the combo, but the pepperoni and the chicken (with mushrooms and tomatoes) were both very solid.

Most of us also ended up ordering mini pizzokies. My choice of the triple chocolate was a super sweet potentially-diabetes-inducing assault, and I enjoyed it aside from quickly gobbling up the Ghirardelli chocolate square because it wasn't going to be easy to break into small and even pieces.

The one thing I didn't appreciate was that we didn't get refills on water until long after dessert. I didn't find any of the foods particularly salty, but I had a problem when I simultaneously craved and lacked water at the end of my meal. Thankfully, we got additional water refills even while we were just lounging and chatting after dessert, which made the night less uncomfortable in the end.

Owing to the improvement in pizza, I'm comfortable in bumping my rating up to four stars. Although my first choice on Eastern Avenue wouldn't be a chain, I wouldn't mind coming back here at all.
I love this place!  Their chicken tortilla soup is the best!  It's become a regular place for us.
Oh my gosh disappointed.  I gave an extra star for service.  They aren't really lacking there.  I would frequent a BJ's in the Bay Area, excellent!   I can't eat the food here.  There is nothing good about it.  Avocado egg rolls, very bland and could use a better sauce maybe?  He ordered a steak salad took a bite then did not eat it.  The only thing half edible was the margarita pizza, which was super small even. It is not even fun to hang out in there. There is just no flavor in the food.  I usually order the pazookie which is my favorite.  My food was so disappointing I decided to skip the dessert to go somewhere else. When you joke around about going to the closest fast food joint after dinner... It can't be good?  Try the restaurant most adjacent that place even is better than this.
Great beer and pizza, Chicago style. The Cajun pasta is also really good. And don't forget to order a Pizookie. Proceeds support cystic fibrosis so you don't even have to feel bad about ordering dessert.
The food here is wonderful and the service is even better! We had Maggie as a server, and she was so attentive, fun, and amazing!
Oh my gosh disappointed.  I gave an extra star for service.  They aren't really lacking there.  I would frequent a BJ's in the Bay Area, excellent!   I can't eat the food here.  There is nothing good about it.  Avocado egg rolls, very bland and could use a better sauce maybe?  He ordered a steak salad took a bite then did not eat it.  The only thing half edible was the margarita pizza, which was super small even. It is not even fun to hang out in there. There is just no flavor in the food.  I usually order the pazookie which is my favorite.  My food was so disappointing I decided to skip the dessert to go somewhere else. When you joke around about going to the closest fast food joint after dinner... It can't be good?  Try the restaurant most adjacent that place even is better than this.
It's BJ's.. A giant chain so the food is going to be generic and nothing amazing. Even though I only gave them 3 stars this is a positive  review.  I can't say i like the food but i don't hate it. In large establishments, I expect consistency and quick service which they seem to have. I've been a few times and the service seems good. I would recommend it if you have a picky eater because most chain places are made to please the masses. 

I didn't mind the happy hour. Good options for good prices but it's nothing to rave about. 

The parking is decent but a little chaotic. This whole shopping center can be a mess.
So sick of going back to the Henderson, NV location.. Everytime we go service is AWFUL.. Tonight we went at 3:30 thinking service wouldn't be as bad and they seated us in the bar area (hehem with our 18 yr old daughter) and I ordered salmon, my husband ordered, pizza, and my daughter got an appetizer.. I actually walked out because my salmon took until 5:00 for some reason and the waiter was so dumb he said our order was taking longer because of the salmon.. How stupid is he to offend a customer, really?  I wouldn't have cared so much had not ALL of the booths around us filled up and they were all leaving or having dessert when our food finally came and the table in front of us had all steaks!  When he used the salmon excuse I told him it was easier than steak and he ran off like a baby and I wasn't even loud.. So weird.. Not going back to this B.J.'s and always ask myself if these people interviewed for a job being as negligent as they are as waiters.. Oh, to defend this place I could tell his co-workers were thinking, "Oh God, he sucks.. "
We celebrated my oldest son Anthony's 29th Birthday here on 3/29/2014.
Service was great, the food was absolutely delicious...YUM!!!
We'll definitely be back again :)
The food was okay at best.  Service was not very good.  The only gluten free option was a pizza.
I always enjoy eating here. Highly recommend eating their Parmesan crusted chicken & white chocolate macadamia pizooki!
I'm writing this as I wait.
Its approaching 30 minutes that I have been waiting (no exaggeration) for the $5 Mac and cheese.
The couple next to me has had a drink and then ordered and then got their food before me.
I'm not really sure why I haven't asked for a refund yet..
Its sad because the food is really good.
But I feel like the biggest sucker every time I come here.
They are consistently slow with the service and food delivery.
Its to the point where I have made friends with other people eating here because we start joking about how sad this wait for our food is.
I've given them the benefit of the doubt a few too many times. 

This location seriously needs to get it together.
There is a reason this place is called BJ's. Once you've had it in your mouth, you won't want to swallow! For some unknown reason, when my coworkers want to go out for lunch, they always want BJ's. Every time we have gone there, the service was atrocious. We wait forever for our food and some of us get served 10 minutes before others. The food is mediocre and generic at best. One time I ordered baby back ribs and they were literally the worst ribs I have ever had. They were undercooked and tough (ribs should fall off of the bone) and had absolutely no flavor. There was very little barbecue sauce on them and I ended up leaving hungry. My wife ordered a pasta dish (how hard is it to ruin a pasta dish?!) and it had no flavor. She had to dump a large quantity of salt on it just to make it palatable. On top of that, the waitress was very rude and inattentive. 

Another thing I hate about the place is the TVs everywhere. When I go out with friends, I want to spend time talking with them, not watching TV. TVs in restaurants are very distracting and you find yourself looking at them even if you have absolutely no interest in what is being shown (our brains are actually wired to focus attention on movement). 

My advice is to avoid BJ's (at least this particular location) and go to McDonald's. At least it will be fast and you know what you are getting!
The BBQ lunch platter is perfect!  Just enough to get my BBQ fix without putting myself into a protein coma.  Always get the best service at BJ's- what a great place! The waiter and manager made us feel welcome.
If you love avocado .. The avocado egg rolls are yummy. The lunch specials are also worth it - flatbread with salad or deep dish with salad! Top off with the crazy dessert that you just can't believe it pizzi- something awesome!
Let me start off by saying that we have come to this location for many years, but this time was our last. The experience here has slowly declined over time. Our previous two visits were an insult to the restaurant business. I, myself, am a server and therefore understand when certain circumstances arise that problems may happen. That being said, our last two visits made me never want to return. 
We had the same server, Jennifer S., both times. Her initial approach to the table took exceedingly long both times ( over 15 minutes). Once we got out drink and appetizer order in the waiting only further continued. Drinks took another 15 minutes to come out (soft drinks) and the appetizers never came out at all. Spoke with the manger, he apologized, and said he would make sure everything went more smoothly.  He could only compensate so much for the lack of abilities from the server. Once our food came out, she, along with anyone else, besides the manager once, never checked on us again for the remainder of our visit. 

We decided to give them another chance today, assuming that maybe it was a fluke. However, once we were seated and again started waiting, we knew there was a reason why we didn't want to come back. We had the same server as last time. This time, she greater us and it only took ten minutes. Drinks and appetizers came out in another ten, but we were without silverware. Our food came out in another half and hour, but we were still without silver because nobody had checked on us since we received our drinks and appetizers. So now, with salads, appetizers, both untouched because of no silverware, we had more food. Silverware came out when it decided it wanted to apparently. After speaking to the manager again, and explaining the events on this occasion and the last, he apologized and we received silverware. Our server came back once more before the end of the meal, and that was to drop off the bill. We had no refills or boxes until right when we were going to walk out. 
This being said, the food here is excellent and has always been.  Our service, and our server, were the worst I have ever experienced. Every time we would ask for something, which surprisingly wasn't that often since she rarely made an appearance at the table, she would say "thank you".  Even when she forgot something, there was no apology, only a "thank you". She obviously doesn't care about returning customers or customer service at all for that matter. She is bringing the restaurant down single handedly. I can, in no way, speak for others who she served, but I did hear other tables around us complaining at the same time. 

We would love to have a reason to come back here, but due to the lack of service quality, follow through from management, and overall poor dining experience, I don't know if I will be returning. 

If you must eat at BJ's restaurants, please choose another location at the very least. You will be disappointed if you cone here expecting a nice experience. "Thank you"
Great brunch. Took the family out for Mother's Day and was not disappointed. Planned in another place but line was longer than the unemployment office. Worked out because the food at BJs was awesome. Mimosa was great and actually had champaign in it, usually you get more juice. Anyway kids pancakes where the right portions and fluffy. Only negative and why I only rated four stars is my scramble needed more veggies and bacon, but hey I'm a hard ass! All in all we will be back and I highly recommend the Green Valley BJs.
I order take out from here frequently and Jake is the waiter who works takeout during the day; he is the best! He has to be the best employee for customer service and thoroughness I have ran across in a long time. Go here! Order from their low calorie portion of the menu too! The ahi salad and Chinese chicken salads are amazing. And takeout is also one of the best in the city. The presentation is phenomenal, quality amazing, and service top notch.
BJ's is great for happy hour in the bar area. Great prices during this time. They have a few drink specials and food menu items.
order a mini pizza, lettuce wraps, flat bread something with avocado,  and mini sliders. 
it was filling for three people that we had and it was a little disappointing with the lettuce wraps and there was only three pieces of lettuce and to me lettuce is the cheapest thing as it was just head lettuce or ice burg as they are called.
I had a glass of there root beer from tap and a glass of the black cheery from tap as they make there own. 
They had some kind d of santa fe spring rolls and avocado roll also on the menu and some kind of parmesan boneless chicken. 
If you go at four pm it is just the right time as they are not busy, but the service was kind of slow, but if you are there with people great chance to chat and catch up without being rushed, as the service is just the right speed at this time of day before the dinner rush. 
Will need to go back to try the other happy hour specials that I haven't tried yet.
tried the full dinner menu items as well and they have a lot of choices to chose from. menu is quick large, and plenty items to chose from. pizza is alway yummy and there salad are good too.
Enjoy!
Great appetizers and even better beers.  If you like pale ales, try the Piranha (It could become your favorite).  They have a patio which is key for those of us from California.
I'm writing this as I wait....we arrived at 10:30pm, got seated by the manager who came from the bar area because hostess was busy talking story.  After 20 minutes at our little booth for 6 people, we were about to leave but a server finally comes to take our drink order. When we mentioned to server that we were about to leave, she apologized and gave an excuse of a server got "cut", so she will be starting our drink order. Decided to stay. Another server came 10 minutes after our drinks arrived to take our food order. Finally at 11:30pm, we are eating...yay! Food is good. Our table had a couple burgers, rib eye steak, chicken alfredo, and a salmon salad. Looking around our table, there are no complaints about the food. Server had no name tag, so I had to ask for his name. His name is Eric. There is only around table and another table of people right now, so I don't understand why service is so BAD! So long story, short...food is good but service is HORRIBLE! PEOPLE BEWARE!!!!!
Food was worth the money- larger sizes. Menu is wayyyy to large and could be downsized or split in an AM PM vs having 10 pages of food chooses. The interior was well thought out w wide range of art. We had 4 different burgers all were great. Love the different French fry options
It's BJs, what I would expect, not like I haven't eaten there before. 

Only 4 stars because of the problems with the bill. We, a very large group, were at a conference and BJs was there hyping their restaurants. 

I can eat a BJs at home, why would I want to go to Vegas to eat at a hometown chain? Well, very large group and they offered us a 20% discount... 

Still, I would rather have spent the same 4 figures at restaurants on or near the strip. 

When the bill came, they did not want to honor the discount promised. In the end they finally gave in, but still it was more than a half hour fighting with the manager.
Food is cold, over rated, not fresh and service isn't friendly. Waiters are always rushing you to order. This BJ's on this side of town is awful! Please get better management.
Okay so to start things off I ordered the avocado egg rolls which were very good.. It's served with a sweet soy sauce based sauce .. Surprisingly sweet but it really worked well with the egg rolls.. Now about the service .... Employees seem happy and on top of things for the most part.. Our server I believe was relatively new.. She seemed uncomfortable in social interactions.. Our entrees took a good 35 minutes to reach the table .. Which is unacceptable from a chain like Bjs. I get it.. It's Saturday .. But Christ.. Anyway.. I'll come back ..maybe on a Tuesday afternoon though .
We came for an early Father's Day brunch. The brunch menu is somewhat limited but it is adequate. I ended up ordering an omelette. It came with toast and potatoes. They brought me the toast. It was cold. I did send it back and waitress was very pleasant about it. unfortunately by the time she brought me a replacement I was done with my meal. The omelette was delicious. The service was good. The portions with very large. And the prices were reasonable. Very respectable place to go for a weekend brunch.
Good family restaurant! Celebrated Father's Day here with the family and had a nice meal. They even gave all the fathers a souvenir beer glass.
Food is okay, staff is nice, the ambiance is nice, wait time for the food is NOT acceptable. My boyfriend and I were running errands in the area and have passed by this restaurant multiple times and always talked about wanting to try it out. We figured it was happy hour, so why not. We decided to sit in the bar area and to my surprise there were children running in between the tables and chairs! First off, I don't see how some parents let their children run around like crazy in a restaurant. Second off, are they even allowed in the bar area? Anyway, we put our food and drink orders in. We ordered the crispy calamari, avocado egg rolls, chicken lettuce wraps, and boneless wings. We watched the soccer game while we waited (Russia vs Korea). They have a nice huge tv screen right above the bar, so seems like a good place to watch sports. We were both really hungry and ended up waiting OVER 30 minutes for anything to come to our table. Really? Over half an hour for food that are considered appetizers? Thank goodness we didn't order any entrees because who knows how long that would've taken. Of the four dishes we ordered, the avocado egg rolls were the only thing that really stuck to me. Everything else was okay. We moved onto dessert, my favorite part of any meal. We decided to go with the peach and candied pecan cobbler, which was very delicious, but ended up waiting another 20 minutes. Overall, it was just okay. Will I come back? Probably only for the avocado egg rolls and cobbler.
We went that for lunch around 2pm.  The place was pretty empty, but it still took our waitress 10 minutes to come over and acknowledge us.  That is ok, sometimes a waitress has other stuff going on.  However, ordered a bison burger and it came out rare.  Asked for it to be cooked more and after 40 minutes of waiting, the new burger again came out rare and the salad that comes with it sat under a heat lamp for the 40 minutes.  The manager and waitress were unapologetic.  Will not eat at this location ever again.
We went here for happy hour. It was pretty busy. We sat in the bar area. There was 5 of is and we squeezed into a table, We ordered drinks. I ordered a Mojito. Some of the other people in my party ordered lemon drop martinis , apple martini and the Irish root beer . That was by far my favorite even though it wasn't on the happy hour menu. It tasted like a root beer float! So good! For appetizers we ordered the flat bread pizza, spinach appetizer dip and pot stickers. Everything was good. Portions were a bit for 5 people to share but they were tasty. Service was good  and it wasn't too loud. I will come back again.
We like taking the fam here because there's something for everyone. Recently had visitors in town who've never been to a BJ's.   Someone wanted chicken wings, someone wanted pasta, someone wanted to drink, someone wanted a good steak.  BJ's came through for everyone.  My go-to meal is the rib eye--cooked perfectly. And the pizookies are always a crowd pleaser. Not to mention their beers as well as cocktails and mocktails are delish!
I came to watch a world cup game at the bar ... I used to have lunch at Bjs like 4 times a week... I see before during football season audio is way louder... During world cup game i ask 3 times and i barely can hear ... Angela is a manager and she never take care of the situation and to be honest that makes me to not come back at Bjs anymore.... Service and food is great... Manager is poor
Worst service ever!  They are slow for everything drinks, food, etc.  When you do finally get your food it is cold! Need new servers and new management.  NEVER going again. Poor poor poor.
It's BJ's Brewery, a huge chain establishment, but the food is always good and they have a huge variety of items!

The service is consistent- staff is friendly and attentive.


The parking lot is always a lil chaotic- this whole shopping center can be a mess....
GREAT DINNER! GOOD SERVICE! Consistent. 

My boyfriend and I came in for dinner the other night and sat at the bar. The bartender was so nice and so accommodating. We hope they will add "sweet potato fries" to the menu soon just because we think it would make a great addition! Who doesn't love sweet potato fries? Anyhow, the beers were good and the Black and Bleu Burgers were to die for! Happy with our choice to go to BJ's on Eastern. It was a great dinner. 

PS. Add Sweet Potato Fries to the menu pleasssssse! :)
I've been to this GD Location twice now. First with the man and a friend, and we were all slightly disappointed in the food. My salmon sandwich was WAY too smoky and a touch on the oily side(even for an oily fish). The second time it was with a larger group, and we were led alllll the way into the back to be seated. I had NO idea that this place was so big. The atmosphere is nice, for a pub. Plenty of seating, and as Chris said, the outdoor area is nice. 

But, I was STILL disappointed in my food selection. To me, a dish called "Wisconsin Mac and Cheese" should showcase cheese...not just a plain bechamel sauce and bread crumbs. Don't get me wrong, it was decent pasta...just not what I consider "mac and cheese"... I'd give this place one more shot, I guess.
food--bad. beer-- good.
This rating makes me sad. I like the dane downtown and the one in Fitchburg but... I don't know, something just falls apart here. From the lackluster service, the just-ok food and the fact that it's always so... dead. Oh! And the fact that I've had to tell a bartender how to make a hot toddy not once... but TWICE. Seriously?! And why is the food always better at the other locations?? I mean... don't they use the same recipes??

One bright spot (that's actually at ALL the great danes)- the David Bacco chocolate flights. Ahhh the tripepper............. !!!
As a bar, it's fine, I'm not a beer drinker but I hear their selection is amazing. As a restaurant though, it's been consistently wonderful.

Their beer bread and honey butter are a great appetizer. They have plenty of healthy vegetarian options: from a falafel wrap and peanut stew (favorite!) to burritos and veggie burgers (Admittedly they're a little lackluster on the veggie burger). 

When eating with a group they can split the check for you in amazing ways. This includes splitting appetizers and putting a fraction of the cost on everyone's bill. Amazing for those who never carry cash smaller than a $20 on them. 

Service is probably their weakest point. They're competent enough, but nothing special, and they're usually pretty busy.
ugh. hilldale dane. we are THROUGH. over an HOUR to get a beer? seriously? and then not acknowledging me when i try to get your attention? granted this is always the case... but ugh. enough. 

hilldale dane, i tried sososososososo hard to like you. i love your fish tacos. and your tripepper pils and your delectable scotch ale. but not knowing how to make classic drinks? like a sidecar or a hot toddie? and forgetting what i ordered? and NOT checking in on me to see if need anything? what, utensils? why would i ever need those to eat? or taking 3498753948573984735 hrs to get me my check? and that many more hrs to run my credit card? like... it's not that busy. EVER. also. why can't u keep the same waitstaff??

ugh. we are DONE. it's not me. it's you. i'm getting my dane fix downtown or at fitchburg, where i know i'll have fantastic service and don't have to block aside 5 hrs for one meal. jeez.
Great place to stop for happy hour on your way home from work.  They have a great beer selection, and a nice menu.  We've never been displeased with the food.  The atmosphere is fun - they opened up the back area - which looks REALLY great.  
The service has always been lacking.  The waitstaff don't seem to care - and we've had several rude staff over the years.
The beer is awesome.  We all know that.  They experiment with different kinds of beer and aren't stingy on the tasters (always appreciated.)  Some are incredible and some are so-so.  Crop Circle Wheat, Texas Speedbump IPA, and Scotch Ale are all good picks. 

 I have no idea why someone would complain about their wonderful mac and cheese.  Normally, I would be embarrassed to order mac and cheese at a restaurant, but their mac is so good.  It is a real cheese lovers' mac and cheese for sure.  It comes with a heavenly, soft pretzel stick for total carb overload.  My boyfriend had the chicken pot pie and claimed that the crust was wonderful and the filling high quality.    The grilled cheese is quite tasty with the pesto on it.  The soups are alright but not incredible.  The portobello sandwich was lovely, but messy.  

Thankfully, I've never had a service issue there.  In fact, the service has always been quite good.  

I like to go on Sunday night for free shuffle board and darts.
Typical chainish spot with a few unique items like mac and cheese pizza and pretzel brat/ burger. Just add exercise!!!!
Hmm...
I was super excited to try this place after hearing some great reviews.
Came in at 12:30 on  Sunday and our only options were the all you can eat brunch for $15 or the appetizer/burger menu on the back.

Their other menu was huge, but we couldn't have that until 2pm on a Sunday. Bummer.

The beer list looked awesome and had really great deals (compared to where I live, Chicago) $3.50 for a 12 ounce, that is amazing! And flights of beer....sign me up!

I ordered the boneless buff wings in 3 Alarm. They weren't that hot, but still good. The gorgonzola dip tasted great, but just like blue cheese...so not really sure if it's just me who doesn't know my cheese or what...but whatev.

Service was friendly, mac and cheese pizza was on a pita bread and didn't look that amazing--sadly. I could get better mac n cheese pizza in Chicago--regular crust, too.

Burgers came with choice of friends, apple sauce, or coleslaw. You could substitute for Turkey Burger, Boca, Buffalo for $.50 to $1.00.

I would come back here for dinner if I could and get a different entree and try some beers.
They only get the second star due to the fact that I'm a big fan of the downtown Dane, and the Fitchburg location isn't bad. 

The Hilldale location must be managed by a completely different team. Seems like almost every time I go there, I have to wait forever to get the bartender's attention. And I'm not talking about a busy weekend night. Mid-afternoon. Hardly anyone there. I've been ignored several times and had people come in after me and get served. I try to make eye contact with the bartender, I have money out on the bar. Nothing. Again - this wasn't just once. The last time I finally just walked out after sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes. Looked at the hostess on the way out and shrugged my shoulders. Bye...  (probably forever).

Went to the Dane downtown and got served immediately, with a smile.
Great beers.  The peanut stew is out of this world!
1 1/2 stars rounded up to 2 only because their location is convenient. 

The food is horrendous.  

I want to like this place.  I really do.  But the food has actually taken a turn for the worse lately.  Its really bad.  

The bar feels like a chain, which isnt necessarily bad.  Its clean and service is decent.  Its just the food...oh yeah, and their beer...

Their beer is pretty gross.  I'm still impressed they have two cask conditioned on tap but unfortunately neither is very good.  Overall their beers are way too sweet.  I leave feeling bloated and on a sugar high.  Syrupy if you will.  

If you want to grab one or two and have a quick app then I understand.  I somehow end up there every once-in-a-while.  Unfortunately it keeps getting worse each time.  

I'll probably still go here and there but I'm not happy about it.  Its one of those places...
I really don't know how I felt about the place. For one, it was in Wisconsin. Already off to a bad start. For seconds, because of the brunch buffet I could only order off a very limited menu. Everyone knows that you can't do brunch with other dudes. It just isn't OK. That is why I was so confused. They had TVs and craft beer and seemed like a place that many people came to watch football on Sunday mornings. So why do you have brunch? Who knows?

As for the food and drink itself. I got the Stone of Scone Scotch Ale which was a very nice selection for the variety though not great by any stretch of the imagination. For food I got the Dane Burger which had Artichoke Dip on it. I also upgraded to the Bison which I ordered Rare. It came out Medium Well and was overall disappointing (though props for having local grass fed beef as an option).

Of the many, many brewpubs that I have been to, this one ranks in the lower 3rd. If I ever happened to be in that not so great state again, I would try somewhere else.
My husband and I were really excited to try Great Dane because our friend recommended it to us (although she's only been to the downtown location).  The first time we went, without going into lots of details, the waiter really didn't seem with it and messed up my husband's order.  He had forgotten about my husband's burger, brought it out later, and it was well done instead of medium-rare.  Later into the meal at about 7:00, the waiter tells us there is a reservation coming in at 7:30 and asks us to move tables.  What?!?  I have NEVER had that happen in a restaurant.  At about 7:15 he asks us to move and said something about a "2 hour time block" (at that point we had only been there about 1 hour).  Luckily we were pretty much almost done so we just asked for the check so we could leave.  I couldn't believe it!  Luckily, we got my husband's meal free and the beers free.

The second time we were there, I was less than impressed with the food.  I ordered the veggie burrito.  The insides seemed like they were microwaved - the black beans kinda mushed up and dry and hardly any veggies (they should have called it a Bean and Rice Burrito).

We enjoyed the beer and the overall atmosphere.  I want to give it another shot, but definitely at the downtown location in hopes that it will be better.
Food was great but they told us 25-30 minute wait and we actually waited an hour and a half. 

While we were waiting, we decided we'd go down and play some pool until we found out it was 7 or 8 dollars (can't remember) just to play one game!
We have always had a better time at the Fitchburg Great Dane.  For some reason our service at the Hilldale Mall location has been iffy.  The waiters/waitresses have been distant and inattentive.  I was charged for extra dressing when the first amount they gave me was a little short.  I should not be charged for extra dressing.  This is so damn cheap I will probably opt for another place next time.  Great Dane,,, you are losing us.
I'm not from Madison, but I came here because a friend of mine recommended it. She said they had good food, beer and chocolates, so I thought I'd give it a try. I didn't try the chocolates, but I heard they were pretty good.

I ordered the Crop Circle Wheat beer on tap at the Hilldale site. This is good if you like smoother lighter beers without any hop. I ordered the Bavarian Chicken Sandwich, which is a grilled chicken breast topped with melted sharp cheddar cheese, Bavarian ham, apple spiked slaw and pickled red onions. Served on a home baked pretzel roll with a side of Crop Circle cranberry wheat mustard. The sandwich wasn't too bad except for the bun. I thought the bread was as hard as a rock, so I asked for new buns, but they it wasn't that much better than the ones I already had, but I ate it anyway. 

My friend had the Drunken Jerk, which is a tender pork shoulder soaked in spiced rum and our own jerk marinade, slow-cooked and wrapped in banana leaves, then finished with coconut-lime butter and pineapple salsa. Served with steamed vegetables and sweet fried plantains. This meal was way better than mine and if you like plantains they are amazing!

We went on a Sunday afternoon and thought maybe we could catch the KU vs Texas basketball game, but we weren't allowed to change any of the channels because there was a Green Bay game on even though there was one tv in front of us that could have been changed. So as you could imagine, the place was full of fans and it was pretty loud in there. So it was a little difficult to hear normal conversation.
This is a great place to go for drinks with friends and appetizers. I've been here many times for just that and it would get an extra star if just that.

However, they also have many dishes and a pretty large weekend brunch buffet. The buffet had it's highs and lows, but the one thing that stood out to me, was the ranch dressing.

FYI, if going to brunch, it's great for groups. They have a salad bar, complete with shrimp, fruit/yogurt and a nacho section. They have an omelet station and prime rib. They had pancakes, french toast, ribs, pasta's, mango chicken, cheesy potatoes, vegetables and stuffing. There was variety. Hopefully knowing this helps. Oh.. and we really liked the wings. Especially when paired with the ranch.

Overall, it's not bad, but it's not great. I think it would be ideal for large groups or if you want to have drinks with friends. Most locations have pool tables, dart boards and shuffle boards.
I visit Madison every month for work and I've gone to the Dane on practically every visit. As you may have gathered from their name they brew their own beer and it is good stuff. I am especially fond of the Peck's Pils. Give it a whirl. 

I definitely like the fact that the burgers are available with grass-fed beef. On my last visit I had the Texarkana and I definitely wasn't left disappointed (or hungry for that matter)!
I have been here many times, and love their french onion soup and mac n' cheese.  Also, being a vegetarian, I love the option to change any of their burger patties out with a veggie patty, and their veggie patty is pretty darn good.  They also have delicious bloody mary's and salads as well.  However, it's a tad overpriced for the amount you get.  I'm not that big of a beer drinker, so their extensive/awesome beer selection of their own beers doesn't really appeal to me.  I will definitely continue to go back, just not often so I can save up again during visits ;)
Fast service- we usually have at least a table of 7.
Friendly, outgoing waiters.
Good food, but sometime it's a little off- like the ciabatta bun on the portabella sandwich being twice the size of the mushroom.
If you close your eyes and taste the food, there are too many items that are way too similar to TGIMcBennibees.  I've given it a few tries, and while I've finished my meal every time I'm not overwhelmed.   The best thing it has going for it is location combined with a big parking lot, and it gets bumped up to a third star because the menu does have some variety to it.

It's a perfectly safe choice for lunch when in the area, since the area defined by Whitney, Midvale, Nokoma, and Mineral Point is a bit of a wasteland if you don't have inclination to drive to campus/downtown or to the chains of Middleton.  The beer isn't anything special so you're not missing out that much.
I'd say the Great Dane is a solid place to eat and grab a beer... it's the kind of place that definitely deserves your business before a chain, but it's not going to blow you away. 

Decent cheese curds, decent burgers, decent beer (though if I'm honest I like the New Glarus offerings better). 

Great ambiance in this location, especially the bar area. It's the kind of place you'd want to have friends meet you where you'd be able to eat, drink, and hang out for an entire night... which I'd certainly do :)
The plusses: some solid beer, great cheese curds, excellent back garden with plenty of seating.

Minuses: service can be slow, some not-so-great beers.

Overall a nice find in Madison that handled our big group pretty well.
The Great Dane is an excellent Madison institution. Consistently good food (though a bit heavy and salty for me), great atmosphere and stellar beers. 

The menu -- better by far than your average "bar food" establishment -- is pretty much guaranteed to please everyone in a diverse group. I am not a vegetarian, but as I recall there were many options for those folks as well.
Whenever we're in Madison, we always make a point to stop at the Great Dane.  Usually pretty busy,  but worth the wait.  Consistently good food, lots of vegetarian options--this is Madison, after all--and their beer is all really tasty.
I enjoy Great Dane Pub's in Madison but I will never go back to this one. The service is absolutely horrible and the bartenders are extremely rude. Stay away.
I raise them one star for their stance on the micro beer issue.   People are starting to wake up that we have the power to fight back and fight we will.  Great Dane is doing the absolute right thing.  Thank you Great Dane!
The Great Dane is just as good at Hilldale as it is downtown.  The food is good and the beer is even better.  A good place to meet up with friends or  family, kids are entertained by the darts, pool tables, and shuffleboard.
Great beer.
"The Great Dane" is essentially Madison's version of a "Ruby Tuesdays" except they make their own beer. Unfortunately, I live and work close by so I end up getting suckered into going there more often then I'd like. 
Pro
--outdoor seating!
--fun for watching sports
--local beer, but I think New Glarus and Capitol are much better
Con:
--pricey bar food
--inconsistent service and quality of food
--Loud(it's a bar!)
--service can be VERY slow if it's even a little busy
--a few uncaring, incompetent servers that can ruin your meal

If you feel that you absolutely MUST do "The Dane" experience head over to the downtown location as it's a bit better.
Okay, here's the skinny on the GD: best locally owned pub in Madison. They have great beer selection that they make themselves. The decor is really good too, a GREAT place to gather with work friends or to watch a game. Their menu is pretty good, especially their burgers. The Cream Ale (only available in the Summer) is great, and the Velvet Screw beer is a great Winter brew. An excellent place with LOTS of space for all types of people.
I'm going to reiterate what other reviewers have said previously. The service is completely lacking here. The servers - while friendly - take an exorbitant amount of time to come to your table. The kitchen - while making incredibly tasty food - is unacceptably slow. And the price you pay for both is just far too much for what you get. 

As for kid/family friendly, I would try somewhere else or get carry out. This place is a brewpub that tries to be good for families, but in the end it's still just a bar.

Tasty food but not enough to make up for the other detractors.
A brew pub with a local connection, the great badger running back, Ron Dane. Expect huge, football player-sized portions and enough choices that everyone on your big 10 squad could have something different. 

We enjoyed the salmon, Cesar wrap and burgers - all excellent. Service could be a little spiffier butt it seems the restaurant was seating people section by section thus overwhelming the diligent servers who got all their tables at once. 

Will go back for the food, without question.
i love the environment of the restaurant and the staff was top notch.  the one thing i found extremely odd is why on a saturday afternoon for lunch, they can only serve the late night menu which limited our menu selections.  i have to disagree with other reviews, my waitress was attentative and friendly and was consistently refilling our drinks.

the food was average.  the cheddar mac was good, but could have used chicken and or bacon to spice it up and make it more filling.  the bbq pork was tastey and maybe more sauce could have added more to that as well.  the 3-alarm wings werent exceptionally hot or spicy, but they were well cooked and plump with juicy tender meat.

as a side note, my friend has been here in the past and wasnt 100% satisfied with his experience, but overall, my experience was decent.
I'm noticing a pattern to the reviews here, so I need to chime in. We debated between this location and downtown (Hilldale is much closer to our house). We decided Hilldale because we have two very small children and we thought this would be easier. I must temper my review with this: you cannot go wrong with the beer or the cheese curds. And thankfully this time we had a good server (we've had bad service at this location before). Chad, thank you for being a good server. What I need to complain about is the food. Our meals were inedible. The meat was overcooked and the veggies were cold or very undercooked. My husband is rarely one to complain, but he literally had to stop eating his chicken sandwich because it was so tough he couldn't bite through it. My walleye was rubbery and my daughter's grilled chicken was extra tough, too. I am not giving a lower star review because the manager took the food off our bill and gave us tokens for free beer. We may try again, but perhaps we'll stay in the bar and stick with the beer.
Ahi Tuna Salad for the healthy, Brat Bacon Pretzel Burger for the rest of us! Great beer, Great service.
I love the Great Dane. Not only do they have multiple locations, but this one is close by.

The beer and food are incredible, the menu has plenty of offerings that'll satisfy both your stomach and your wallet. The service is both attentive and polished.

My favorite starter is by far the Cheese and Artichoke Dip, which is great to have over a few beers. If you're in dire need of a large meal look no further than the Brat and Bacon Pretzel Burger, it is their best known item. As far as beers, everything is great. The Texas Speedbump IPA is a must have.

I highly recommend this business, regardless of location.
Had lunch with a big group on a Friday. Back bar area sat us right away. Beer's always good here, and the Buffalo Chicken sandwich was great. Service was slow (2 hour lunch). Server lectured us at the end of the meal that it was really hard on her to run separate debit cards (off one check with group gratuity included), and that if it was more crowded, we wouldn't get away with it, basically. Never heard that at any other restaurant in Madison (or anywhere).

Good chicken sandwich & beer, but will remember it for the lecture, hate to say.
Ate here when I was first visiting Madison and had a great experience. Good food. Good service. Good beer.
Met a friend for dinner at this location recently. She had the protabella mushroom burger and I had the fish tacos. GREAT food!! Can't wait to go back. The tables were comfortable and the atmosphere was warm and exciting.
My husband and I used to go to the Great Dane at Hilldale on a regular basis since they opened. Although the beer is mediocre, with the exception of Crop Circle Wheat, it's a convenient location. Somewhere to go for a beer and a bite after seeing a movie at Sundance.  However, the last two times that we've gone there have left a bad taste in our mouths, figuratively.  It seems like the current mantra is to make as much money as possible and who cares about the customer.  One meal we had four extra charges: sweet potatoe fries=extra, mayo on our burgers=extra, Imperial IPA=extra, grass-fed beef=extra.  Only two of the extra charges were actually listed on the menu. This afternoon, after having two tastes of beers (one each) and then ordering two 20 oz. beers plus an appetizer, I asked for a taste of another beer because I thought we would split one more beer before going home. The bartender refused saying because it's a guest beer (although on tap) they don't make as much money so they don't let people taste the beer. That seemed ridiculous. Why offer guest beers then? So, it's okay if a customer spends $5 on a beer that they might not like, but the Great Dane can't spend a few cents on a taste?  We're talking about a taste, not a glass. When we called the bartender on it, he said he was being very patient with us by explaining the different beers that we had asked him about as well as explaining about two of the sauces offered for chicken wings. Unbelievable!  Isn't that his job? By the way, there were two other people sitting at the bar, not a big crowd. Anyway, I will not go there again no matter how convenient. There are places with better beer and better customer service where they aren't constantly nickel and dimeing you.
The Sunday brunch today was the best I've ever had- it's like they knew I was coming and had all my favorite foods! Well worth the price. We eat dinner here often, it fills up on weekend nights and on game days but there's usually seating in the poolhall  (it's seat yourself)

Love the onion soup and most of the beers. Sometimes the service is slow.
I am giving 5 stars for the tuna tataki off the appetizer menu and the african peanut stew. Favorites off this menu.  Everything else tried here has always been good!  Love their variety of brews but they also have a nice selection of wine.  Pretty crowded before movie time on Friday nights, but you can get a quick bite at the bar or the bar top tables without waiting....if you find a seat.
Went there for a wedding rehearsal dinner and was very impressed! The server was great and handled such a large and demanding group quickly and efficiently. We had a menu of about eight options to choose from and strategically ordered as many different things as we could between the five of us sitting together, and everyone was very happy with what they got. Personally I had the meatloaf which was outstanding; I heard several guests rave about the salmon. To top it off the handcrafted beers were also great--my favorite was the wheat. I don't live in Madison but I would definitely recommend this place to those there.
I have to second (third, fourth, etc.) the comments on the service at this particular Great Dane location - it's just not up to snuff with the other Madison locations. It seemed like our waiter took forever and ever to return to our table after taking our order, leaving to grab drinks, and the like. The food, however, is just as good as all the other Great Dane locations. I love the Great Dane and will revisit, though... just hope the service picks it up in the future.
I want to like this but the food and beer are sooooo expensive.  One real downside is the service.  The service is really lacking here and it seems like they just don't care.
This place is a joke.  We walked in with a party of eight on a Sunday afternoon and were told they were on a buffet and had a limited menu.  Fine.  Then we were told by the hostess that she couldn't seat a party that big and we should go see the other hostess.  Umm you go see the other hostess!  We should have walked out at this point.  

The waiter seemed uninterested in life and the buffet was sub-par, fruit next to shrimp?  On what planet.  Yuck. We ordered off the limited menu, cheese curds were breaded mozzarella and disappointing to say the least.  Why even ask us how we want our "grass-fed" burgers cooked?  They are 1/4 inch frozen hockey pucks which will always come out well done.  I could have gotten a better burger off the grill at Burger King.

Stay away from this place.  To the manager:  Based on the other Yelp reviews, invest in a good staff and maybe you won't have to hand out millions of drink tokens to right the wrongs...
I've been to Great Dane a handful of times when looking for a good burger and a pitcher of beer.  I had the sustainable burger, which was incredibly tasty and very satisfying.  The baked beans are vinegar based, and tasted strange; so I do not recommend choosing beans as your side. We love the beers and the selection is always great.  For cheese curds, they are definitely not the best in town.  Stick with a burger and beer and you will be definitely satisfied and happy you came.
Best Brewpub in the United States.

This review applies to all four of the Madison area Great Danes - I've been to the original downtown location over 100x and have been to the other three locations 5-15x each, noticing minimal difference in quality of food, drink, or service.  Altogether, I figure I've eaten at the four Great Danes at least 150 times in the past 18 years and had only three less-than-top-notch experiences there (see below).  In fact, my wife and I love this brewpub so much that we rented out half of the downtown pub's outdoor garden area for our rehearsal dinner the evening prior to our wedding.

Madison has a lot of great restaurants, but there are a few dishes that are hard to find here done properly, including Mexican and Chinese food in general, Buffalo wings, and nachos.  Well,  maybe the only place in Madison that actually has good nachos is the Great Dane, where they have lots of good toppings, lots of good cheese and will custom craft them to your particulars.  And their wings, while breaded and not the classic Buffalo-style, are quite tasty, if overpriced.  Their artichoke dip, served in very tasty dish made out of a hollowed-out fresh-baked loaf of bread, are the best I've ever had.  GD's soups are also very good and their onion soup, with melted cheese and croutons, will rival that of any restaurant, anywhere on earth; they use some of their beers in it and it is awesome.

GD's hamburgers are among the 5 best burgers in Madison and I especially like their Dane Burger, which is topped with their awesome artichoke dip; I sometimes will ask for them to make me a Dane Burger with a healthier buffalo patty.  The Applewood Bacon Burger is also excellent, but not as good as the Vintage Brewing Company's similar Black-and-Blue Burger (the best burger in town).  The thick fries that accompany the burgers, among other side options, are outstanding when you dip them into GD's chipotle mayonnaise, 

My favorite dish on the menu is the Southwest Tortellini, which is a cheese-filled spinach tortellini with blackened chicken, black bean salsa, and creamy cilantro sauce, served with a garlic bread that will shame 99% of garlic breads served by Italian restaurant.  The Inner Warmth Peanut Stew, a vegetarian dish, is flavorful, filling, spicy and excellent.  I heartily recommend the Thai Chicken Pizza, as well as the buffalo chicken pizza, when it is available.  I've always considered "comfort food" to be a lame affectation of the retro-trendy types, but GD's meat loaf is really good, its chicken pot pie is no longer a dish for one's grandparents, and its mac-and-cheese is extremely good, especially the buffalo chicken version.  I've had most of their salads and they are also top-notch, with very fresh lettuce and other ingredients.

OK, as good as the Great Dane's food is, its beers are even better.  I'm a beer aficionado, have been to dozens of breweries around the US, and aside from a half dozen or so Belgian breweries (the Belgians brew the best beer in the world), I would be confident that the Great Dane's beers would compare more than favorably with the beers of the very best breweries anywhere.  The Old Glory APA (American pale ale - like an IPA but a bit lighter, with citrousy Cascade hops) is easily the best pale ale I've ever had.  The Crop Circle Wheat beer is one of the finest wheat beers made in the U.S.  If one were to ask beer experts to name the 5 best breweries in the U.S., Bell's, in Kalamazoo would make many of those lists.  Aside from their stouts (Bell's makes the finest stouts in the country, hands down), the Great Dane's beers are better across the board.  Bell's makes some mediocre beers; the Great Dane does not.

I've had three less-than-positive experiences at the Great Dane.  Many years ago on Mardi Gras, they ran a drawing contest, I won a Great Dane golf shirt, but one of the owners had been giving me bad looks for no reason at all, he called over a bartender and had her tell me that I won a different prize, something trivial instead and took back the shirt.  I got so mad that the owner had been such a &*&%#@@ jerk that I didn't go back for months afterward.  This year I had mussels steamed in a beer garlic sauce and the mussels didn't taste fresh.  And for Mother's Day 2012 we went to their brunch buffet and were partially disappointed.  The omelet and carving stations were very good, but the pancakes, waffles, French toast, bacon and sausage had been made hours before and were not worth eating.

So why so many neg. reviews for GD?  I'm guessing some are bogus (I've had such uniformly positive experiences that I just don't believe some of the complaints) and I'm also guessing GD's owners refused to pay this site's AdBribery demand, so they get hit with more neg. reviews. Google the site's adpolicy if you don't believe me.

In summary, if there's a better brewpub in the US, I'd sure like to go there.  

The Great Dane is highly recommended.
This was my second time visiting Great Dane. I just moved to Madison, and we decided to go there on the night I moved here. The food is ok.  I ordered the fried cod and fries and cheese curds. I asked the server about a suggestion, and she had none. She was completely uninterested in our table and serving us. She asked us if we were ok just once. After waiting for 10 minutes, I had to flag down another server to bring me some more water and a box. She came back and said: "sorry for the wait." and then brought back the check. So, she only got a 10% tip from me, which was too much for the service we received.  I like the food here, but the service was really bad. Not to mention that we were the only minorities in the restaurant at the time, and the lack of service and attention did not make us feel good at all.
This Great Dane location is one of my favorite hangout places in Madison. It's usually less busy than the others and closer to where I lived.

Of course, this place brews its own drinks, but the food here is decent as well. My go-to items on the menu were the chicken pot pie, the dane burger, the bbq pork sandwich, and best yet, the honey pepper salmon club, which is probably my favorite here. Definitely give the salmon club a shot. 

As to why I deemed this location as one of my favorites is because my friends and I came here often to chill and play pool. Serving a crowd of not all college kids was helpful in that it wasn't as loud and wasn't as busy as the downtown location.
Had the pulled pork and it tasted as though it'd been reheated from another pork project on the menu and made to be a pulled pork sandwich. Quite filling though!

Subpar service, decent beer.
If you are looking for a low carb option for a keto or Atkins diet, the South by Southwest Cobb Salad is so good! I had them replace the carrots with more egg and bacon!
My favorite location of one of my favorite restaurants! Their food is amazingly delicious. I love every burger I've ever had. The Nakoma Nachos are some of the best I've had and I can never pass up the beer bread and butter. The only thing I've ever gotten from the Dane that I didn't like was calamari, but I got that from the down town location so I don't know if it's different here. I absolutely love the atmosphere. I spent some of my first dates with my boyfriend in a cozy, intimate booth in their front area. He and I come here every year around the time we fell in love with each other. The wait service is always amazing, but I don't usually like their bartenders. My boyfriend and I have gone for pick up last minute which I know isn't the best thing in the world to do, but we always call ahead! The bartender will say it's fine, but when we get there we get turned away even though we get there in time. I haven't been back in about six months because this has happened three times.
Enjoyed a great lunch with friends from up north. So many great items to pick from, will have to return.
I had the Texarkana Burger.  It was meh.  The atmosphere is great here.  It is in a great location near the mall.  The food was above average price and it wasn't that good.  We really have nothing special to say about it.  I was hoping for so much more and we left disappointed.
I went to this location after my sister's graduation from UW-Madison.  This was my first time at this location, which had more space than the one by the capital.  

The food is the same as I remember at the capital location - good not great.  I got the Mayan Chicken wrap that was tasty and hit the spot.  The waiter was extremely helpful in recommending options and with the size of our large group coming straight from graduation.  

The beer selection is GREAT!  I love stopping here to get a growler or just a pint whenever I am in Madison.  I love how they have the european pints that bubble out in the middle to grip them better.  If you are in a big group get the 10 beer sampler or larger.  It is a great option to try all the different types.
Neat bar/brewpub right by the state Capital building. Really nice beer selection, tons of house brews to sample. Very fun visit!
Three and a half.  A perfectly good place to come hang out after scoring produce at the nearby farmer's market.  I ordered the potato soup (85 degrees outside, yeah...I'm weird), while my sis had the onion soup, a.k.a. cheese monstrosity (pictured).  Cold beer, can't complain.
Between and 3 and a 4 for me, but gave a four because I like the franchise in general (if you can call it that).  The Hilldale location has a beautiful interior.  Obviously, if you sit outside, not going to be the greatest view looking at the nearby mall.  Have been there a few times, with good food and service.  Most recently went today with my husband for lunch.  He had the Mayan wrap, which a waitress who happened to be eating next to him at the bar at his last trip to the downtown location recommended.  He gave me a bite, and it was fantastic.  Instead of the usual burger I have, I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which is a chicken breast (fried unfortunately) tossed in hot sauce on a jalapeno roll with onion, tomato, lettuce, and a side of blue cheese.  Sandwich was very good.  Roll was a bit too much roll, at the end I just took it off and cut it up with a fork and knife.  Fries were fantastic.  

My main complaint with the Dane today is that they didn't have the Crop Circle Wheat for beer.  I don't even really like beer, but will drink it at the Dane.  Our server explained to us that the Mallards buy a lot of their beer, and that all of the beer the Mallards buy comes from the Hilldale location.  So in the summer they're often out of certain beers.  So I don't get to have the beer I want because you sell it to a third party?  That's not cool.  Make extra, or sell a limited amount.  Don't make your customers suffer (and yes, I know it's not really suffering).  But I think if you advertise you always have a beer on tap (which it says on their menu), you should have it.  I did end up having the Landmark Lite Lager, which was good, but not as good as the Crop Circle Wheat.
Hmm, I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place.  I visit this location every few months and am never dissapointed.  They have one of the best decently priced brunches in the area and the service is usually spot on!  I also love how they are alway mixing up the menu; they is always something new to try.  I think my favorite thing about this place though is that they don't hassle you when you want to substitute side dishes.  I usally try to find a way to add plaintains to my dish and I never receive a snarky response or a ridiculous sub fee.  Love it!
I think I'm sorta' over The Dane. Especially this location.

It's hard to find decent parking. There's always a wait. It's loud. Service is slow. The beer is mediocre. The food is "meh." It's expensive.

I met some coworkers here for a single beer and an appetizer. We sat at the "Pubside" bar (front of house), and despite there being three bartenders, we waited quite a bit for service. When we did get service, it was lackluster at best.

We ordered the calamari and the "giant pretzel." The calamari was actually quite solid - not rubbery, nicely breaded, fried perfectly, and served with a tasty marinara sauce. The pretzel was dry, super doughy, and not really that good.

Sampled a few of the beers before deciding on the Imperial IPA. It was decent, but nothing I'd seek out.

Bill for 2 appetizers and three beers was $33. A bit steep. Bartenders never proactively followed-up with us during our 2 hour stay; we had to actively flag them down for everything.
If you don't like the Sunday brunch here, you probably just don't like brunch buffets. There is something for everyone, some good, some OK, nothing bad. 

Start with the on-premise-brewed beers on which they made their name. Maybe use one as a chaser for their pretty-good Bloodies. My kids like their house sodas. I've sipped them too. They're good.

The fruit and veggies on the salad bar are fresh and offer a nice contrast to the heavy (but delicious) hash brown casserole, the cooked-to-order omelets, the prime rib, the bacon (yes, of course, bacon!), the sausage, the scrambled eggs (why not get an omelet, though?), the eggs Benedict, the biscuits and the gravy and the pancakes and french toast. 

Full yet? Good, because this is only half of what's here: Pasta, beef tips, noodles, steamed veggies, turkey, dressing and mashed potatoes all await you on the other side of the buffet. It's not all steaming hot, but does heat add flavor? Really? 

The desserts and pastries rest in between, but who has room now? The screens are a little small if you're coming in for the NFL action, so you'll have to luck into or wait for a table by a TV that has your game. Do do doot, do do do doot! Go! Pack! Go!
:) Coming to Madison I look forward to eating at this place. The food is always amazing! the ambiance is gorgeous brit pub good happy fun vibe. The service is always fast and the beer keeps rolling. Many good times have been had here with friends drinking and eating and celebrating life. This is my favorite place in all madison!!! so good so good.
The Great Dane has to be one of my all time favorite Madison restaurants. The food is good, the beer is better and the service and decor just really make you feel like home. 

First lets talk beer. The scotch ale is phenomenal, I can't rave about it enough. It's a smooth, full caramel flavor that would go with any of their amazing burgers. Another that I tried for the first time last night was their fruity beer called serendipity. It was like a cranapple citrus cocktail. It was so fruity that if someone had blind taste tested me with it I would have never guessed it was beer and not a mix drink of sorts, honestly. This would be a perfect option for converting any girl you know who doesn't drink beer because it didn't taste good or that beer is for men over to the good side.

The food is also awesome, classic pub food but much higher quality. The cheese curds are good to start, but I love their artichoke dip. It's served warm in a bread bowl so you can eat apart the soft doughy serving dish after. Next you simply must try their French onion soup. There is so much caramelized chese on that bad boy you could probably not eat anything else and be stuffed. Next the burger, seven ounces of meat smothered in cheese and sauce. I would suggest you upgrade to the pretzel bun, its worth it and you are already not counting any of the calories in this meal so you might as well do this right. I tried the sweet potato tots with this last night and it was just ok, I'll stick with fries in the future.

To be given this smorgasbord of deliciousness you should expect to wait. There's always a wait on weekends and certainly your food doesn't fly out of the kitchen either. But if tasty food and drink is something you are willing to put some time in for, you definitely should do it here.
3.75/5  Beer Quality Is Going Downhill Lately

This is an update review - I previously wrote the 5-star Best Brewpub in the US review and felt that my experiences at the Great Dane over the past year have changed to the point that my earlier review no longer accurately describes what one receives there nowadays.

The food quality has remained excellent, so everything I wrote about food still is accurate.  However, I have noticed a very significant decline in the quality of the Great Dane's beer over the past year, so this review will address only the beer.

I previously stated that GD's Old Glory APA is the best pale ale I've had and one of my very favorite beers.  That's probably no longer true.  The half dozen Old Glorys I've had in the past year taste different, flatter, more bitter, less citrusy hop flavor, less hint of caramel.  One of them, that I had at the Hilldale location, I actually sent back because it tasted skunked.  The bartender didn't believe me and thought I was some sort of hyper-critical malcontent until he poured himself a taste and then agreed.

The Crop Circle wheat has lost some of its wheat taste that makes it so good.  If I wanted my beer to taste like a bland American beer, I'd buy a six-pack of Bud Lite or MGD and just stay at home.

I had a limited production IPA and it possessed all of the strong characteristics of an IPA without any of the subtle, pleasing ones.

Clearly the Great Dane is doing something differently over the past year and when what you're already doing is superb, change is not likely to be a good thing.  Maybe they have new brewers or they aren't supervising as well and whoever has been cleaning their equipment has been getting a bit sloppy (as a former and hopefully future home brewer, I can tell you that meticulous cleanliness is the single most important factor in making a decent beer and is second in importance only to quality ingredients in making a great beer).  Or maybe they started brewing with an eye more focused on the bottom line and switched some suppliers - I'm on the Tyranena Brewing Company newsletter list and its curmudgeonly owner has complained multiple times of the significantly rising costs of raw materials for brewing in recent years.  If that's the case, please Great Dane, go back to your old suppliers and put a little note on the bottom of your beer menu explaining that materials costs have risen significantly lately, hence the 50 cents increase in beer prices.  We'll understand.

Whatever the reason, I can no longer honestly say that the Great Dane is one of the top-5 beer producers in the country.  It's sitll pretty good beer, better than the beer from any of the Milwaukee brewpubs like Sprecher, Water Street, or Riverside and better than those from about a dozen small-town brewpubs I've tried in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Ohio over the past year months.  However, I'd say that both Ale Asylum and Tyranena have it beat nowadays.

Several years back, the once excellent Capital Brewery in Middleton decided to go more commercial, stopped making their outstanding Klosterweizen (better than GD's Crop Circle, even) and instead pushed a bland American-yellow-beer-in-a-can, Supper Club and bland, very slightly wheatier tasting Supper Club called Island Wheat.  My purchases of Capital beers in recent years have declined by 90% or more compared to 10-15 years ago (a few Octoberfests on tap if a restaurant has nothing more interesting and maybe one 4-pack of their seasonal dopplebocks). I really hope that whoever is in charge of brewing at the Great Dane gets his head out of his arse and rights the ship before the Great Dane goes in the same direction as Capital Brewery.
I doubt there is too much I can say about Great Dane that hasn't already been said. We most often end up at the Hilldale location as it's the most convenient for us (and parking is abundant, a major plus!). It can be pretty packed on busy times, like a Saturday night, but the wait's not longer than any other popular pub. Beer selection is obviously good, but there's a full bar too if you're not a fan. As for the food, I've tried many options over the years, and I can't point to one thing that's been disappointing. When I'm really in the mood to indulge, it's definitely the cheese and artichoke dip I go for. If you haven't visited here for their Sunday brunch, you're definitely missing out- the buffet takes up almost an entire room with a mix of standard breakfast fare and lunch fare as well, which is great as you probably aren't going to want to eat again for a day. We've also attended private events here that have been really well organized with helpful staff. Definitely a place we'll continue to visit often!
Visited Great Dane for the second time on my third trip to Madison (missed it the first).  Overall, was originally attracted to try it out via the desire to grab some local brews, but the food ended up enticing me back for a second round.

Great Dane sports a wide variety of both staple and specialty brews.  All of them seemed pretty decent to me (my favorite being the Crop Circle Wheat), with the exception of a random or two (hot pepper beer anyone?).

Food is your typical pub fare, but it's well executed.  Greasy as expected...  the calamari and curds were good, as was my jerk pork and my wife's brisket and johhny cakes.

I'll probably make this a recurring to-do for my now annual voyage up north.
IT IS OFFICIAL.... I HAVE AN OVER-EATING PROBLEM

Before we get to the light bulb point, let's step back and set the scene.

I'd been recommended this place by some colleagues who have been to Madison a lot for work. We looked it up and found there were a few locations for the group so we picked here as it was closer to Verona where we were staying and we thought we'd be able to park easier than near the capital (we were right there was a free car lot across the street).

We walk in and its packed! Thursday night and we were told it would be a 60min wait for a table for 2! But they said if we could find room at the bar or the high top tables we could just sit. So we hovered and almost left but I was thinking if it's this busy we really have to try it! We got super lucky and found a high top table and were set. We got our hands on the menu which was in the style of an old newspaper (cool!) and the menu was huge! We struggled to pick.... until I saw the fried chicken with shrimp, andoille sausage, artichoke and mushrooms with a side of mashed potatoes and jalapenos and seasonal veggies ... with a name like smothered and covered fried chicken it pretty much sums up an almost perfect meal for me.... sold! As I was ordering I was telling myself.. diet start tomorrow, diet starts tomorrow... salad only for the next week!

Food arrives... of course as expected large serve... and it is great. Chicken is crunchy fried and the toppings work well and the jalapeno mashed potatoes are great... a really nice spice that went well with the chicken.

Now to the official fatso moment.... the waitress comes over and sees my empty plate... it must not be a common occurrence as she looks over and audibly says "wow" and gives me a HIGH FIVE!... oh the shame... Diet starts tomorrow, diet starts tomorrow.

I've said it before and I'll say it again, dam you America and your delicious food!!!!!!!!
Food is consistent and never bad, but if you are coming in to enjoy a big sporting event on one of the many TVs, you will most likely be disappointed. I guess the in-house dj, who sounds like a Spotify Pop Muisc Playlist, is more important than the national championship game between WI and Penn State V-Ball game. When 75% of the bar is in red and here to watch the game, put on the sound. Also had to deal with an altercation between a bartender and my girlfriend when asking to turn on the sound for the 2012 World Series. We were told 'our sound system doesn't allow multiple sound inputs between the bar and dining room'. Then that same bartender complained to a patron about how 'if you wanted to listen to the game, you should have stayed home.' I thought this was an isolated incident. Obviously not. The Great Dane does not care about the customer experience, unless it's inline with what they think is appropriate.   Sorry, your dj sucks and we would rather listen to the sports commentary. iTunes is as good as this guy.
Hummus plate is outstanding.  Tried the Anniversary Ale in a pint glass.  It is solid.
I've only been to this Great Dane location for it's Sunday Brunch Buffet, and wowza, their brunch is a doozy. It's $16*, and for that you get an incredibly large spread of all the foods you might want to eat. All of the breakfast classics are here, like your american potatoes, cinnamon rolls, pancakes, bacon, sausage links, fresh fruit, and don't forget the build your own omelet station! The breakfast items are just the tip of the foodberg. There's also a salad bar, a nacho bar, Chocolate Shoppe ice cream (!), and plenty of other goodies. I'm usually weary of the quality of food at buffets, but all of it is delicious, and should satisfy your craving.

* = Most of the time. There's random occasions (i.e Easter, Mother's Day, Father's Day) where they increase the price to $24. They claim to add special items on those days, but I personally didn't notice any differences. I find it kind of annoying for the price to increase that much on certain days, which dampens the experience, especially when you don't find out about it until after you ate. This little burden is the only thing stopping the Dane's brunch from being a 5 in my book. Just be sure to check it before you visit and it won't be a problem.
nice place.  came here to celebrate a friends birthday.  they charged us for bringing our own cake.  not nice for a group of med students.  no parties here again
Poutine.  That's all I need to say.  Experienced it in Canada on business trips & while I know it's a horrible, horrible thing, it's also amazing.  Service was wonderful & knowledgeable,  menu has a bit of something for everyone.  I tend to prefer more intimate spots for dining & was unsure of the immense sprawl of this place but I like it.  I'll be back!
This Great Dane Hilldale location is in my neighborhood.  It is a reliable choice when meeting a group of friends before a movie or just for a few drinks.  The staff is usually spot on professional and friendly.  

My usual order is the James Madison (half sandwich and bowl of soup) with the Cuban and the West African Chicken Peanut Stew.  So flavorful and tasty.  There is nothing better on a cold day then this stew.  They do make great burgers, too.  And I can not complain about their starters.

But one of the best reasons to go is for the Beer.  I enjoy trying all their styles.
I probably go to this restaurant twice a month. The food is so fresh and the flavors and delicious. I usually get the Mayan chicken wrap but the tortellini is also very good. If you're looking for a fun burger, I would recommend the Dane burger, which has artichoke dip on top. 

They also have a wide selection of craft beer and soda. The servers can help you pick a beer that fits your taste.
I'm giving this place 4 stars primarily as a bar. This is a great place to go for watching a game. Wisconsin game? The place will be packed to bursting with cheering fans in red. World Cup? Also fun to watch the game here. This place has the more formal bar near the entrance and the pool hall/sports bar in the back. As always, the Dane has excellent beers to choose from: my personal favorites being Old Glory APA, Emerald Isle stout, and Black Earth porter. Like any good sports bar, the Dane offers a nice array of snack food for their boozing patrons. But as for the dinner menu - that is hit or miss. Occasionally they come up with a real treat like the milk braised pork shoulder. However, the quality of those offerings is inconsistent at best. One time your order will be perfectly cooked and the next it will be dry as a bone. To make matters worse, the Dane just switched menus and eliminated most of my favorite entree options. My advice? Go here to catch the game with a few brews and stick to the appetizers for food.
Overrated and consistently bad.

People like to give high reviews but after my last experience there I am confident it was my last attempt for this restaurant. Every time I am there they are understaffed and the servers do not handle pressure well when busy. Another person at our table ordered their promotional drink for the soccer world cup (caipirinha). These drinks should be sweet and filled with limes but instead it tasted like drain cleaner with soda water. I upgraded my order to receive sweet potato fries for $1 and was delivered an order of twelve small fries. I would have simply asked the server for a few more but she did not come back to the table until dropping off our bills and never even returning to ask how the meal was.

On my previous visit, I received food poisoning after having eaten nothing but their food that day. Four other people I was with also received food poisoning, yet the management refused to take responsibility when notified, instead insisting that it must have been something else we all consumed.

As a person who has many years of experience in the service industry I am underwhelmed every time I have been here. The management is poor and needs to hire servers who, unlike them, can handle stress.
LOVE their Sunday brunch. This is one my kids fave places. Rock solid selection of sandwiches, burgers, fish fry, pulled pork. BUt it's not all standard fare. I like their peanut stew. But more often than not, I get their steak frites. yum.
This is a review for their location inside the Four Queens.

It is in a small space on the second level, overlooking the casino. There are gaming machines at the bar and the bartender took good care of us while we were playing. My friend is a home brewer and he likes to try local micro brews when we travel. He likes the Triple 7 better, but I preferred Chicago Brew Co. Their All-Nighter was great and I ended up getting a growler of it to take back to my room.
Great wings, good pizza, and cheap beer. I don't think you could really go wrong if you came here. 

Also the waitress we had was really nice, we had a ton of leftovers and where about to leave them behind because we where going straight from the restaurant to a bar and didn't want to cart the food around so she offered to put them in a box and leave them for us back behind the counter and even if the place was closed by the tie we came back, she said we could still come in and get our food.
Stopped by for lunch.  Small bar food menu, but very good.  Had the Philly Steak Sandwich and an iced tea and hit the spot.  I love patronizing downtown businesses when I get the chance since I don't work too far away from there.  Have friends coming in next week staying at El Cortez so we'll probably have to hit this place in the evening when things are a little livelier.
So far, the best place I've been to in Las Vegas for craft beers in a brewpub.
Lower original gravity=less taste, and most places are mailing in their versions of different styles on the lower end of the ranges. The beers here are more true to style, with more taste. 
I'll admit that I'm spoiled living in the Pacific NW, so the brewpubs in LV wouldn't last long there, but are still a major step above BMC beers.
Chicago Brewing's amber is solid, their pale is solid, their IPA is good but not overpowering with bitterness. Had a great weizenbock seasonal here once too. Generally good beers.
The pub overlooks the 4 Queens casino, and has a cigar case. Smoking and non smoking areas since they expanded.
Very good service, very nice and friendly servers who take good care of you while there. 
The pizza is good, and the other food on the menu is better than average bar fare.
Worth checking out if you want something more than Bud, Miller, or Heineken for beers while visiting Las Vegas.
This little gem is tucked away in the Four Queens Casino on Fremont Street in downtown Vegas. The Chicago-style deep dish is amazing....lots of sauce, sausage & pepperoni....holy crap it's awesome!

They also have a very delicious (but small) selection of microbrewed beers that are very good as well! I cannot believe that, in all the times I've been to Vegas (my wife and I go a few times a year and always stay downtown) that I only experienced this place for the first time last week (NYE 2010). Prices are reasonable, service is friendly, highly recommend!
The previous reviews are very accurate. This is a solid place to eat. We had a greek salad, root beer, garlic cheese knots, a small white pizza and a deep dish (only choice was with peperoni and sausage so I did not eat that). Everything was good. We were seated right away and our food came out pretty fast. There was left over pizza and garlic knots and those were even better the next day reheated! Nice casual place to grab a bite to eat downtown.
This happens to be the coolest little spot on downtown. Tucked away in the corner of the Four Queens, you will find some of the tastiest beers on Fremont.

Its got a typical pub food selection. Garlic Knots are a tasty. Anytime I bring people to see "Old Vegas" I slip them in here a little treat.
Great experience good food great beer the garlic knots are the best ... Kimmie was the best server we have had in years..
Pizza and beer. A match made in heaven. I've been hearing some great word of mouth about this place for ages and have been dying to try it. Finally, I got my chance. 

I ordered the white pizza and a hef. The garlicky goodness was so badass. I love when white pizza is done right. It's a hard trick, but they pull it off flawlessly. The beer is fantastic as well. I'm psyched to try their rootbeer on my next trip. It looked so refreshing, 

There are quite a few other menu items that caught my eye as well, so I look forward to my next visit there. It'll definitely be sooner than later. I'll have to add this to my regular rotation in town. 

Love it.
We had the white pizza and a glass of their homemade root beer.  The white pizza was delicious. We also had the potato skins, but they weren't anything special. I would definitely go back for the pizza. We stopped for lunch.  It's a small place with tvs to watch the game.
My husband and I always wanted to try Muffaletta sandwich since we saw it on TV show! and it was sooo good!
We tried the sampler 9 flavor for only $8.99 three seasonal and five regular flavor. they were good and interesting..
Best food downtown--by a landslide!

I came here twice while I was only in Vegas for three days!

Why?   Really good service and VERY good, fresh food.

The first time I was here, we had pizza.   The garlic knots are a must try, so a table of two could easily split an order of knots and a personal pizza and get plenty full.    SO good, I felt badly for not being able to finish my pizza!

Then next morning I went there for brunch and had a club sandwich and fries with a bloody mary--hair of the dog.    (I hear great things about the beer, but just never got a chance to try it.  Next time.)     The sandwich was fresh and warm and the fries had kind of a batter on them that was just sooo addicting. 
The bloody mary was spicier than average.  I was proud of them for not being afraid to lay the hotness on thick.   Impressive.    Hangover cured.

It's a place I couldn't get sick of, with something for everyone on the menu!
You can't beat this for the money. Great chicken fingers and pizza.
Great place to eat in old Vegas. The garlic knots are as everyone has said, superb. I also had a root beer which although could have been colder for my liking was very good. 

The personal Chicago style pizza was almost as good as Gino's East in Chicago which is the best pizza I have ever eaten. I could only mange to eat half and I can usually put away some pizza so if you have someone you could split it with I would suggest you try that first. 

I was surprised how small the place was considering the reviews I seen, and then to actually taste how good the food was I am surprised there is not a constant line out the casino door.
I picked this place based on the great ratings from Yelp, when my girlfriend and I got there it wasn't too busy but people began coming in. It didn't get really crowded. We both ordered root beers and she got a cheeseburger and I got a hamburger. 

It took quite some time to get our food after we ordered it, 25 minutes or so. The cook ended up bringing it out but by the time we got it our food was cold and our burgers were dried out. The table next to us with 3 people had arrived about 15 minutes after we did but got their food 2 minutes after we did. 

The root beer was not as good as they make it out to be. It tasted diet to me, almost watered down, not very flavorful and it had a weird aftertaste, if you skip alcohol I wouldn't recommend it. I think the food would have been better if it wasn't cold, the fries had a lot of potential. I wouldn't rule out going back because they were under staffed. It really sucked because the girl there was running her ass off but the guy helping her was draggin ass big time.
We visited June 18th. Of the 3 breweries I sampled in Vegas, Chicago Brewing had the best beer. The IPA was outstanding, not overly hoppy and lovely citrus overtones. I also thought the atmosphere and food was excellent to very good. I really enjoyed sitting in the cigar lounge overlooking the casino floor as hubby did a little gambling and I did a little drinking and people watching (no I don't smoke, but smoke smell was not overly offensive). We had an excellent pizza for dinner, husband enjoyed a root beer. Sure wished we would have ordered the garlic knots as suggested in the other reviews, especially regretted it when the table next door got an order...they smelled divine and I overheard them raving about them...but by then we were full and ready to move on. I would have given CBC 4 and a half stars if it were possible. Service was good and I wanted a beer w/ souvenir glass and they did not have them, so the guy tried to get me to buy some $15 glass, minor stuff.
I signed up for a yelp account JUST to save other people from going to this place. We had to go LOOK for a server to get his attention. The pizza here was awful, which means you're screwed because there's basically nothing else on the menu. This restaurant is also very tiny and.has limited seating and is far from the main drag. ...the two friends I was with also said their pizza was poor. One of them described their pizza crust as "tasting like charcoal." ...the beer was okay, except we went for dinner. Perhaps the other reviewers drank a little too much before posting their thoughts.
The largest turn off about this place was the service. We were stoked on a brewing co, however, after waiting 20 minutes we actually had to go up and ask for help. It's really small. We had the IPA- the beer was great but unfiltered. I ordered chicken tenders, they were burnt, but other than that they would prob be good. My boyfriend got the Philly cheesesteak he wasn't impressed. My aunt got the filet mignon sliders and loved it!
Great pizza and really great Garlic Knots. Big and garlicky, took some home. The beer is so good. Try sampler, every beer was great. They also make their own Rootbeer.
Their garlic cheese knots were to die for! LOVED them! They beers were just OK. Their homemade Root Beer was very tasty. The only bad things I would say about this place: my grandfather was in a wheelchair & due to it's 2nd floor location, it was tricky to get to - we had to go up the elevator & through another restaurant to get to it. Also there is limited seating. One side is smoking section & the other is non smoking both are very small. Visiting this place was definitely worth it for the Root Beer & the Cheese Knots. The pizza was just OK.
Located inside the Four Queens, the restaurant is easy to spot when entering. It is all self seating and a free for all in trying to find an empty table. 

This past Friday was slammed and I am not sure if Pride had anything to do with it. It could be that this restaurant is always jam packed. Anyways, our party of three found a spot near the bar and situated down. Normally the waitresses will bring the menu, but they were busy, so I snagged a couple. 

When our waitress appeared, she was quick to take our drink orders. The specialty beer right now is a Mango Hef. A pint goes for $4 and the larger one is $5. 

The menu is drastically smaller than the Rampart location, but they do have a few vegetarian friendly dishes. My friend and I ordered a Greek Salad and a Vegetarian Pizza. Our waitress was sweet enough to have the salad split for us with the dressing on the side. The amount that we each got was large. Too bad the dressing was mainly oil. Even after mixing it up, the oil was predominantly what ended up on the salad. The pizza was good. The crust was soggy in certain areas, but that tends to happen with a veggie pizza. The nice chunks of zucchini or squash, onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, and olives gave many different textures. The seasoning that they used on their crust was something we found ourselves wiping up.

Because it was so busy, the staff were not too concern with putting away dishes in a quiet manner. We heard every clank and clunk as dishes were thrown into bus tubs. There were not any refills either or an attempt to check in on us.
This is a great little place to relax downtown. They make some of the best microbrews in Las Vegas, and have some great food to go with it. The Cheesy Garlic Knots, and the Deep Dish Pizzas are my favorites.
Good beer. Good pizza. Bears game on the screen. Nuff said.
Pizza, garlic knots and beers are all pretty good.  Assuming you can get a server.

On my last trip, about 5 minutes after sitting down, a server dropped menus on our table without breaking stride and without saying a word.  Another 10 minutes passed and he didn't return, so... fuck it.  Lots of places to eat in Vegas.  The party at the next table had the same problem.

Tiny place, so seating can be a challenge.
Escaped the pricey places on the strip and ventured downtown with the hubby.

The beer is great. The Greek Salad is nothing special... mostly just a platter of lettuce with a few sliced tomatoes, olives, feta tossed on. Menu said it had cucumbers in it... but I couldn't find them. The dressing was fine. DH had the house salad and was fine with it. We shared the 9 inch Chicago 'style' pizza. Not truly a deep dish pizza... just a layer of cheese and pepperoni/sausage. It collapsed and ran cheese everywhere inside the screaming hot pan. It tasted pretty good. I just get a little annoyed when the menu description doesn't match the product. 

I'd go back for the beer and pizza knowing what I'm actually getting.
One thing of me being a social drinker is finding fantastic place to have me a cold one.  Where is a better place to go than an actual brewery.  I came to Chicago here at the 4 queens and even though I was in here for 30 minutes only I had one of the best dark stout beer ever.  Is call the Black Widow and I recommend this beer especially if your a dark beer drinker is delicious. tasty, amazing, orgasmic, and the best.  Oh yeah come on down and get freaky at Chicago.  I approve this message.
We were looking for a place to eat in the later part of the evening. We had the garlic knots and chicken wings. They hit the spot for late night snack, but I am not sure if I would come here for dinner. Don't get me wrong, I liked it but didn't love it.
Garlic Knots were good.  We tried based on prior yelp review.  Prices were actually decent for Vegas, but it's Fremont St so all the food is cheaper down there.  Waitress screwed up the order.  She didn't write it down so I was not confident she'd get it right... We both got burgers.  1/4 lb which is what I prefer.  The more toppings you put on it, the more it costs you.
Beer is pretty decent. Garlic knots tasted like wonderbread. Pizza crust tasted like chewing on charcoal.  Come here for drinks, but not to eat.
If you need a quick, cheap bite on Fremont this is the place. They have great beer, service and food. I had wings and a burger and both were delicious. My husband had a Philly cheese steak and said it was too salty for his taste though. Overall this was quick and easy for us to take a break from gambling. Also, I should note that there is a cigar bar of some sort attached to the restaurant. I was nervous about this at first, but we experienced no smell or smoke from that section.
I visited this place quite a while ago, but I can still distinctly remember the reasons why I haven't been back.

First, the wait...we waited a looooong time to be seated, a longer time to be waited upon, and the very longest time to receive our pizza.  I was not impressed with the service at all - if you're gonna make me wait, at least smile when you get to my table.

The pizza arrived almost 45 minutes after we placed our order and it was lukewarm, which suggested to me that it had been sitting for a while.  My fiancé and I were only one of two tables at the time, so it's kind of incredible that our waitress forgot about us.  When I asked for Parmesan, I got a sticky, goopy, flat-out nasty shaker...aren't you supposed to clean those from time to time??  The pizza itself was okay...the sauce was pretty unusual.  It was a meat sauce, almost like they had run out of regular pizza sauce and subbed a pasta sauce instead.  It was bizarre-tasting and had an equally bizarre texture.

I hate feeling like I've wasted my money.  This was one meal I'd definitely take back if I could.
Nice place, great food and Pizza. I will be going back. A great place to eat while at Fremont Street
Delicious pizza--- Absolutely! Oh and the crust is Vegan, and the veggies aren't soaked in butter or anything crazy so if you're vegan you can order a pizza w/out cheese and tons of veggies, and let me tell you, it's delicious.

Beer- Pretty damn good!

Service- Pretty awful. We waited foreverrrrr for our server, I'll give it to her that she was extremely nice about me be vegan (I feel like a pain in the ass, all the time) but there were three of us that would eye her while she was wandering around helping other people and she wouldn't even stop over to ask if we wanted something. It also took a long time to get our check. 

Over all it's definitely a good place to eat! watch out if you need to use the bathroom a lot, because there isn't one in the restaurant.
Only in Vegas does one have to walk through a poorly ventilated casino and into a little cigar bar to get a craft beer.

We had a special deal in our Yelp Spring Break book for a $2.50 beer here which lured us in.  I went for a mango wheat (because wheat beer is pretty awesome and mangos are super awesome) only to find out they had switched it out for blueberry vanilla or some such thing.  Obviously better that your typical Bud Light/Heineken typically found in Vegas, but it tasted a bit like an air freshener.

It really wouldn't be a bad place to hang if it weren't for the cigar bar aspect, but we could only really handle it for a few minutes before we took our beers to go and lost some money in the slot machines.
Great service. We sat at the rail and received excellent service from three different bartenders. They were all working in synchronized harmony making sure that we we're well taken care of.

The Beer: we got the sampler which had 9 tastes for only $8! The IPA was almost perfect for me, floral flavors with lots of hops :) The seasonal was a vanilla blueberry heffeweizen, which was just so uniquely tasty. I thought it would be too sweet for me but it was a perfectly refreshing summer beer.

The Food: the garlic chicken pizza was very flavorful and just the right size for yourself or for two if you shared it with a salad, which we did. The salad was just simple field greens with tomatoes and onions. It was just good enough.

Overall I was just so happy to find good craft beer, brewed in Vegas. Everything else were great surprise bonuses. Can't wait to come back ;)
The cheesy bread was awesome.  The pizza was a mess.  Good beers, people at my table said.  The root beer was pretty fine.  But, when cheese and sauce is just falling everywhere, and when the attention to detail is not Lou Malnati's quality, I dock points on my ratings.
All I can say is that the deep dish pizza here is fantastic!  

Super good garlic knots too.  Service is good.  It's located inside the Four Queens.  If you can't find it just ask one of the staff.  I was hungry and after I ate, I wasn't.  That is all.
We each had two beer samplers in cute mini mugs, fried calamari and shared the deep dish pizza. 

The beer was good, but very "middle of the road." It didn't seem like they took a lot of chances with the beer and just went with what would sell.

The calamari was delicious, as was the deep dish pizza. It's only 9 inches, but it's more than enough for two people to share, especially after sampling a ton of beer!

The real stand out for me was the root beer. It was AMAZING! The server even made me a mixed drink with root beer and vanilla vodka. Delicious!
Chicago style deepdish was great. I don't know how true to the original their pizza is as I have never been to Chicago, but I thought it tasted fantastic. What an unlikely place to find it too. The beer was quite nice. I have had quite a few IPAs and consider myself somewhat of an aficionado and theirs definitely stood out.  Deff
I got really bad food poisoning from here on Sunday March 4, 2012. I think it was from a salad. Avoid at all costs! Mediocre pizza too.
Best food I had in downtown! Most places who claim to have deep-dish Chicago pizza outside of the city usually fail, but this place has every right to make that claim. 5 of us ordered garlic knots (based on reviews!) and a personal pizza. The knots were perfectly greasy, buttery, and addicting. Us 3 ladies accidentally finished off the pizza while we chatted over Blue Moons and the guys gambled, so we had to order them another one. It was pretty close to what I remember from visiting Chicago, a deep dish with a firm, crispy crust and oozing with cheesy greatness. Very highly recommended if you're near Fremont Street.
Not a huge fan of chains/franchises, yet, While in vegas it was certainly difficult to escape them. This place was the best choice for our first evening in downtown vegas.

Good Beers, good sandwiches and pizza.  Our server was great too, very friendly.
Recommend the Reck's and the IPA.

If you're in downtown vegas, and would like to try something other than the buffet, check this place out, it is inside the Four Queens Hotel (which is not specified on Urban Spoon).
Fantastic pizza and chicken wings.  Service can be spotty and the bar area can get really smokey with drunk tourists smoking cigars.  Still, it's darn good.
The downtown location is small but the beer is awesome.  When we went few weeks ago the seasonal beer was a blueberry vanilla wheat beer.  Man it was good!  My father-in-law had the sampler and all the beers were very tasty.  I REALLY enjoyed the hot wings and the deep dish pizza.  Will be back next time we are in Vegas.
The food here looked great.  After reading several great reviews we decided to head in.  Specifically to try the knots.  They are really delicious.  The biggest problem i had was the smell of smoke in the building.  I am pretty sensitive to second hand smoke and of all the casinos on Freemont, this is definitely the worst.  Yuck!
Good food uplifts this place to the 4th star frontier. Probably just average brews, but their huge double-decker brewery flight and comparison to other local options, it is definitely worth a visit.  This was the fourth LV based brewey I visited, and my second favorite (second to Triple 7)

The double decker sampler tray comes with 9 samples:
*  Weizenheimer - regular Hef
*  Blueberry Hef - seasonal, different, but interesting flavor
*  All Nighter - light Ale tasty and easy drinking
*  Ramblin Reck Amber -yummy - my favorite
*  Hardway IPA - solid at 6.2% ABV
*  Black Widow Stout - not my fav. Too tart for a stout
*  Root beer very good
*  Black and Tan okay (mixture of the stout and All nighter)

I enjoyed the happy hour prices on the appetizers which included a pretty yummy 3 burger filet mignon slider.
Chicago Brewing Company in the Four Queens Casino is like an express version of the Fort Apache location - seat yourself and pay at the front on your way out.  That said, they still take your order and deliver your food tableside.  It's quick, high-quality and reasonably priced for being in a downtown casino.  The 22oz drafts are $5.  My favorite brew is the Ramblin' Wreck which is a cross between a Smithwicks and a Guiness.  The large pizza is crisp, tastey, plenty for two people and starts  is about $16 for a cheese version.  This location doesn't have a happy hour.   They have lots of TVs so you can catch your favorite game.  The place is kind of small so you'll have difficulties with groups larger than about 6 people.

The only place better for pizza downtown is the Grotto in Golden Nugget.  You will pay more at the Grotto unless you go during the weekday happy hour.
This review is only for beer and cigars at the Chicago Brewing Company.  We stopped in here a couple weeks ago and sat at the bar.  The bartender was super friendly and helpful.  I had the beer sampler (see pic) and all the beers were delicious.  Each one seemed to accurately represent that particular style of brewing.  My favorites were the Ramblin Reck Amber Ale, the Old Town Brown and the IPA.  I also smoked a great cigar at the bar.  The food coming out of the kitchen looked great and next time I'll definitely eat.  The beer was really outstanding and so was the service.  Chicago Brewing Company is located on the second floor of Four Queens.  I've been in the casino many times and never seen the restaurant until the day we went there.  The ambiance is typical neighborhood bar...very comfortable and casual.  I'll be back at here every time I'm in the downtown area.  Beer-5 stars, Service-4 stars, Ambiance-3 stars, Value-5 stars, Food-no rating.
Good food, not great. They mean SMALL when ordering a small salad. Couldn't have been more than two lettuce leaves ripped up on a small saucer. Garlic knots were yummy :-)
Thank you Yelp for this great little surprise find. My wife randomly saw a brewery mentioned on Yelp while we were wandering around Fremont and given that we were in the early stages of a challenge to try 100 new beers while on our US holiday, we dropped all other plans and headed straight here.

Chicago Brewing Co is tucked away at the back of the casino floor and if we weren't looking for it we would have completely missed it. We headed up the stairs and grabbed a table overlooking the floor for a spot of people watching and upon seeing they had a beer flight we promptly ordered one each. At first we wanted to order our drinks at the bar, but the bartender told us he was finishing his shift now and would send someone over to our table. He then proceeded to stand around talking for five minutes and playing around with his phone behind the bar before someone came to take our drinks order. They were taken by a very friendly waitress however and once ordered, the drinks came out very quickly.

The flight is huge. 9 beers (well..8 and a non alcoholic, but nonetheless tasty Root Beer) on a double decker tray made me very happy and glad the the car was staying put in the parking garage for another day. Now, it was a couple of months and a lot of drinks ago when we ordered here so I'll just pop in how I rated each beer on Untappd, because I really can't remember much of them.

All Nighter: 3/5
Weizenheimer: 4/5
Ramblin Reck: 3/5
Blueberry Vanilla Wheat: 3/5
Hardway IPA: 4/5
Old Town Brown: 4/5
Black and Tan: 4/5
Black Widow Stout: 4/5

I like my beers dark, so they were either really good to get that many 4's at the end or I was just getting drunk. Either way they were tasty and definitely worth stopping in for a try. 

Oh, and hit the toilets before you get into the bar. There aren't any inside and you have to walk all the way back across the casino floor to get to the closest ones.
After a few trips, a solid personal pizza with great sauce.  Decent selection of sandwiches.  Tasty craft brew, try the amber.  Cigar after food, excellent. Big screen TVs for games, multiple locations so you're not struggling.  Don't go to Fremont Street if you're looking for good service people.  "'Cause this shit is REAL".  If the place is busy, it may be slow.  Forgive a little and enjoy the ride.
A hidden gem! The rambling wreck is the best beer in Vegas. I got the giant souvenir glass, which is an alcoholic's wet dream. Thin crust pizza was very tasty. Only complaint, for a cigar friendly bar, the ventilation was bad on the couches. Will be back next time, won't waste any more time at triple 7, this is the real deal!
This place is a gem and one of my favorites every time I visit Vegas.  The staff is always awesome, the food is great (amazing for the price) and the beers are decent.  (I would say in past years the brew was a little better than this trip, but still tasty enough.)  

They've added a non-smoking section so if you don't like cigar smoke with your food, it's no longer an issue. 

Did I mention that the staff is awesome?  Hard to describe, but the whole vibe of the place is great.
It is located in the 4 Queens Casino and Hotel

It's a sports bar with beer, tv's and has fantastic appetizers.
They have the tastiest barbeque chicken tenders, awesome filet mignion sliders, and great chicken wings.  We enjoyed the tenders so much that we went back the next day and had 2 orders of them.  All the appetizers are 10.00 and under.

We never tried any salads or sandwiches.  They have friendly staff as well.
The beers are great! So are the sliders and garlic knots. My husband and I stopped in for lunch. The staff is super friendly also.
Anyone who rated this less than a 3 star needs to have their head examined. O.K., you're in downtown Vegas, you're looking for an awesome pizza, and a craft brew - there's really no other choice. The Hardway IPA is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! Sit at the bar and play the video poker, get a "Chicago Style" pizza, or a flavorful thin crust. Doesn't matter, all good............
Tasty Beers ina nice intimate atmosphere CHECK! AWESOME PIZZA, CHECK! GARLIC KNOTS TO DIE FOR, CHECK!!!!! 

The IPA here is one of the best in Vegas, it is well balanced with a wonderful hop aroma, and a nice hoppy finish!! The Heffe is also a very nice true to style Bavarian Heffe with hints of bubblegum and clove, and that twinge of banana in the finish.

I prefer the thin crust pie with buffalo Mozz on it, delicious!!! 

This is a sattelite location, and no brewing is done on site, but if you are down on fremont, and looking for a tasty adult Beverage, and some good greasy grub, this is your kind of place MERICA!!!
A decent micro brewery in the midst of one of my favorite casinos.  I've been here several times and played video poker while enjoying my huge brew. Service has always been kind and helpful.  On my latest trip I ordered the steak sliders. They were good.  Food here is pretty cheap for Vegas pricing and drinks are 'free' when gambling.  
Whenever I'm on Fremont Street, I always visit the Chicago Brewery.
Excellent beer menu and beer flights. Still allows cigars in the bar. I had the muffaletta they have the meats right but the bu and olive spread are not really well suited for a muffaletta sandwich. They would be better off calling it an Italian sandwich. The fries were awesome and the service was excellent.
As much as I love the pizza and the brew here, today the bar staff failed sorely at holding thier shift together.  We were super-happy to settle in to a bar seat and order the brown ale and chicago pizza.  17 minutes later, we still had no beer or water.  I know the pizza takes time and we were prepared for that. However, we watched the bar staff have internal drama while our hydration needs were overlooked.  Extremely poor form on the barstaffs' behalf. Enough to make my man want to walk out.  I had to support him.  As we walked away,  we got a 'thank you' from one of the bartenders who never made eye contact when we were looking for service, serveral minutes after the bartender who took our order---and never fullfilled it--stormed off into a back room.
Normally i have an okay time here. My last visit wasnt even okay. 

I didnt even get a chance to eat here and had to leave due to the terrible service. We took a seat at the bar and ordered the deep dish pizza we were craving all diggity day long and a brown ale, along with a couple waters. Then we watched the bartenders behind the bar have internal drama and not even look in our direction as we waited.....and waited........annnnnnd waited. Neither the bar nor the dining area was busy or even half full and i sat for 17 minutes without even the orders for the waters go fulfilled. 
At that point i had seen enough and had to walk out before the food and drinks even arrived. I hated to do it but i could not support the staff and business where that could happen. 

The bottom line is that it was a bad experience but the food i have had here in the past has always been solid, the beer is surprisingly good and priced very well.
Stopped in here because La Comida closed earlier then they advertise (boo). I wasn't really in the mood for pizza, but hot damn, this was really good! I was really surprised to see a line forming outside of that other 24/7 place inside 4 Queens. I have eaten their before, just typical late night menu. But anyhow, went in to the Chicago Brewery and ordered the white pizza and their lightest IPA. The place was dead, which shocked me cause the food was so gooood! Delicious and super cheap! They are open until 1:30am every night and since I am a night owl, I will be back!
Some of the best beer you will get in Vegas. I love the Old Town Brown and the Weizenheimer. The garlic knots are excellent and they are incredibly cheap at happy hour.  The deep dish pizza is good but I don't think it's great. It pretty much falls completely apart when you try to get a slice. The bartenders are always cool friendly people but be warned, you may be waiting a long time for a beer. The service is always very slow despite the friendly staff.  You could be the only person in the entire bar and still be waiting with an empty glass. That's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. A great pregame spot when you want to hang out downtown.
These guys are the shit! They serve amazing food and drinks, they're extremely friendly, quick and efficient. This place is a must.
Awesome Hefeweizen! 

Great food and the best bartenders around!

We always stop by when we're in town!
This was my first time at this locations and it exceeded my expectations.
I took my parents here. It was their first time in Vegas.

When we told the server we were celebrating and ordered a scotch, he brought me more than a double. Food and drinks came out quickly. Everything was perfect. I could hardly tell that I was downtown and not at the Summerlin location.


It made me look good for choosing such a fantastic restaurant to celebrate with my parents.
Great food!!!! garlic knots are great!
Waited 5 minutes at a table for service, another 5 minutes at the bar before ordering a flight of beer, and waited ten more minutes for it to be made. It wasn't the servers/bartenders fault though. Management decided to have him bartend/serve/run food/and apparently manage the whole place for lunch on a Thursday. Apparently they have 2 chefs to stand around in the kitchen though. The beer was good but come on. ... This placeis located in a casino, wtf?
Been here three of four times now. excellent beer, nice little place, sit smoke a cigar, get away from the slots for a time. I'd definitely go here again. Oh and Ask for Kimmie.
I come here with my hubby every year for fb play-offs same spot, same bartender, same delicious bbq pizza.  The smoke that accumulates can be a concern for you sensitive folk. The blueberry vanilla hefenweizen goes down smooth and the homemade root beer is yummy! The stout, red & IPA brews are spot on. If sports are on come early and grab a spot, great location to just chill and watch the game. I've been here 5 years in a row and I love Kimmy's blunt attitude.  If you're picky she'll walk right past ya. Keep it simple and she'll treat ya right! Go Chargers!
This very casual sportsbar/brewery is right off the Casino Way entrance to the 4 Queens on the Fremont St Experience thoroughfare. And, for an unassuming place in a dated casino in downtown LV, I gotta say I was impressed!

I will fully admit the pizza was an afterthought after I saw the Tower of Beer sampler they offered for $8.99! The 9 different beers were surprisingly good. 8 are their regular brews w/the other one being their house-made root beer, which is delicious!

They offer Chicago deep dish pizza, but I had a thin crust that was my own concoction and it was decent. I've had better and I've definitely had worse.

The other delicious surprise were the garlic knots. Nom! Even the marinara dipping sauce was good, and I am usually not a fan!

The service was good as well. Initially our waitress was a lil brusk, but she was competent and that is what matters. She did warm up in the end. The guy waiter was a hoot and was rocking a great t-shirt that said "&!?$ Milk, Drink Beer!"   

So come for the beer and stay for the food and enjoy the Fremont St experience.
Drinks & appetizers review only 

Decent beer.  The pours are extremely nice here.  You can buy a pitcher of IPA for $20, or a 32 Oz for $13.  We got the pitcher.

The IPA is decent.  It's really a standard IPA.  No complaints about it.  I'd say it's on par w/ BJ's Brewery.

TIPS:
-Located in the "4-Queens" Casino in Fremont area
-Inside is pretty old T
-There are lots of TV's inside
When you spend a large amount of time in the same area on a 5-day vacation, you inevitable find a spot or two that you become extremely comfortable with ... a place that becomes a home away from home. On my recent vacation in Vegas, one of those spots was the intimate and welcoming Chicago Brewing Company at the Four Queens. I visited them three times on my vacation, each time being served by Bob (the gentleman in Leila R's picture) I also ran into Bob once at the nearby Banger Brewing and had a great chat with him - it's always great when brewpubs employ people who have a true passion and knowledge for beer. Bob overheard me mention that I was running out of clothes due to my flight being delayed because of the nasty east coast weather, and when I went back for my final visit to Chicago Brewing the next day, Bob gave me an older 2XL t-shirt that they don't print anymore. (Thanks Bob!) Needless to say, the service here was outstanding.

Chicago Brewing's beer sampler is an outstanding deal - 9 different samples for $8.99. I enjoyed it so much, I got one each time that I went. They keep six year-around brews, plus root beer (which is included on the sampler) and typically have two seasonals. Unfortunately they only had one seasonal - an outstanding blueberry wheat brew - so the final beer was a different brew mix each time. It started with a traditional black and tan, the next was a mix of the Hefeweizen and IPA, and my last mix was 1/2 brown ale, 1/2 stout. All of their beers are great, but the blueberry wheat was my favorite. I also really liked their Hardway IPA - it had a nice hoppy flavor but not overpowering with hops. At 6.2%, it's like a "Session IPA+" The Black Widow Stout, an Irish Dry Stout, and the Weizenheimer Bavarian-style Hefeweizen also stood out for me. And their root beer is a great palette cleanser for the finish. 

My first visit was for the beer, but I was eyeing the food menu ... and the wonderful looking Chicago Deep Dish Pizza they were serving. So I made a second trip back specifically to get one of these bad boys. It's a personal 9" deep dish with sausage and pepperoni. The dough was great, cooked perfectly through, and it wasn't overly saucy as some deep dish pizzas are. I'd definitely get this again. 

On my last visit, I had no intention of eating ... until I heard it was half-price appetizers for happy hour daily. One thing caught my eye - filet mignon sliders. Topped with mushrooms and onions, and served with a side of au jus, these are like little French Dip sliders of pure awesomeness. 

My expectations for Chicago Brewing Company were low to be honest. I guess it's the location inside the older (but charming) Four Queens and its old-school, dimly-lit bar vibe. But those expectations were blown away. This is one of my favorite places in Downtown Vegas, and I'll be coming back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
My beer was amazing!!!! The taste was great!!! The atmosphere was fun!!! We had a group of 15 and they were very accommodating!! We love pizza so it was really gonna challenge us to go outside our own pizza box!!! We would have loved to get a big deep dish pizza but they only serve it in 9"!! Kind of a downfall:( we ordered a large meat pizza, thin crust!! Let me tell you it was superb!!! Sauce was just right, the amount of cheese was perfect!!!! And the wait staff was excellent!!! Definitely two thumbs up!!!!!!
in my opinion, pizza & beer is kinda hard to mess up, but this place is really, really good.  i'm  a fan of Chicago's Lou Malnatis and this place is almost as good.  if you can't fly to Chicago for pizza, then definitely enjoy the pizza here.
Not really a true brewery... It's a small room inside the 4 Queens. The "brewery" is offsite 7 miles away. 
As a home brewer the beers were nothing I couldn't make at home myself... Maybe I should talk to 4 Queens and I could get a brewery! LOL
Unless you just want to check another "brewery" off your list... Not really worth checking out.
Get off the beaten path and try this place out!  Great food, great service and reasonable prices.  A must to try is the blackened chicken quesadilla.
Finally opened Oct. 17 even though posted signs indicated it would be open back in September.  They still do not have full seating, a full menu, nor full set of beers on tap.  Anyway, I think they will succeed because of location, location, location.

Being across from the stadium is a great move, and being on the corner of College & 5th in Tempe is great for the ASU kids with ID's who will find it to be a shorter walk than the bars over on Mill Ave.

Beers are rather average, but perhaps they'll add more in the future.  Service for a quiet Sunday was slow and inattentive, which you might expect on a busy Saturday but certainly not on a slow Sunday.  Their current bar is an inside/outside hybrid which can be good for the fair weather months, but it also means that the cigarette smokers exhale their stinky smoke right into the restaurant.  The changes in AZ smoking laws were great because we no longer had to deal with this filth inside, but alas the inside/outside bar is a way for them to still ruin it for those of us who aren't addicted to nicotine, tar, and such.

Electric Dave's is OK for now, and I'll be sure to give them additional visits when they have a full menu and full tap list (and hopefully better servers too).  I'm also not down with the obnoxious "no guns" signs.
I had already got a bit of a nosh at Casey Moore's before I decided to go and check out Dave's electric brew when I have been waiting to open like..forever you know dude? (thus ends my valley girl impression). They seemed to have a decent enough menu, the highlight of which for me will be the grilled German Sausages with mustard and dark bread. Dave (the owner) was there and said that he also intends to offer sausage with cooked cabbage and applesauce as well, which I'm all for! 

As someone else mentioned, even though I was inside the smoke from those on the patio did tend to drift in but that was the price I paid for a beautiful view of the ASU stadium with the occasional light rail train sliding by (feels very euro) so thumbs up on one of the best sunset patio views of any patio restaurant near ASU. 

As for the beers, since I'm recovering this weekend from a week-long trip to Tokyo for business (kampai everyone!) I choose the lowest alcohol beer, the oatmeal stout. Dave said it had a chocolate finish and boy, it was very chocolate and not as smooth as I expected but...it was a hand crafted beer. I hope to try the IPA next time and Dave also noted that as soon as they could get an electrician in to finish up the connections in the brewing area he would start brewing beer on the premises. 

The most promising thing was that Dave said his place would support the art of local home-brewing. As soon as things get settled he will be holding regular home brew competitions and the homebrewer who wins the taste competition will get to brew that beer using the brew systems at Dave's Electric Brewpub. As the occasional practitioner of the brewing arts I have to admit..I'm a bit excited to have a reason to brew some beer. 

So, for now, 3 stars, since I was not all that crazy about the beer I tried and did not get a chance to try the food. However, service was pretty decent and one thing that Dave's does that I've never seen anywhere else is provide the IBU or bitterness units for each beer so it let's you know the general hoppy bitterness of the brew. I intend to ride the rail there from work for happy hour at least every other week so hope to be able to improve my rating after a few more visits.
I was in town for the Cal/asu game this past weekend and a few of us Bear fans decided to leave Sun Devil Stadium @ halftime for a beer break. Well...we never made it back for the second half of the game!!! 

I'm originally from south Scottsdale so I know the Tempe area pretty well, and I know that whatever business is on this corner has always failed. It seems like every bar that's been in this space has had more of a "loungey" feel, which doesn't really make sense when you're across the street from a football stadium. The fact that this place feels like an actual bar is a big plus!!! 

The place isn't huge and surprisingly wasn't all that crowded for a game day (apparently it's only been open a couple of weeks). There wasn't much on tap, but the Four Peaks brew that I was drinking was tasty. They also had $4 Jaager shots, which I downed a couple of!!! Honestly, I didn't get a good look at the menu (food or drink), but since this place is still in the process of opening everything is still a work in progess. I shared an order of nachos with some friends and they didn't disappoint!!! 

As far as the crowd goes, it's a slightly older group of alums (30's-40's), which is probably why our experience was so pleasant (rooting for the visiting team in a college town can be an interesting experience as far as dealing with current students). Our waitress (Erica) was awesome!!! She was attentive and patient, which is a major asset when you're working a college bar. The excellent level of service may have had something to with the fact that I told her I yelp (my tab seemed a bit smaller than it should have been as well), but hey, either way I had a great time!!! 

Since I don't live here, I obviously won't become a regular, but I would definitely recommend this place to those hanging out around the ASU campus who want an alternative to the Mill scene...
Tonight was our first and last visit to this place. We're big fans of brewery-type restaurants (especially non chains) and are frequenters of Four Peaks usually, but we unwisely tried to venture out of our usual places tonight. Our list of criticisms - while individually may not be big issues - adds up enough to inspire me to write my first Yelp review in this place's honor. This place may be new, but they have a lot to work on.

- We were seated outside among other patrons for 20 minutes before we were offered service.
- The beer is not very good. Lager is horrible.
- Waitress didn't bring menus and acted like it was an effort to get them - at 6 pm.
- Burgers were overdone. Macaroni & cheese was good, but for $9 we only got a small bowl.
- Second beers came in plastic cups because by 7 pm they had run out of pint glasses, even though the place was not too busy.
- There was an attempted illicit transaction between patrons on the patio and someone walking up to the rail. A bouncer had to run over and ask them all to leave. Later, two employees (one a manager of the place) loudly discussed the incident right by us.
- They apparently ran out of ice, and when the manager was informed, she loudly swore and ran over to call the ice company.
- Smokers were way too close to the entrances to the building. They also kept sitting on a bench right by our table - still inside the railing - and it just seemed too close to people eating. Maybe we're just spoiled at not having smokers in restaurants now.
- The waitress Shelly was just unfriendly and not responsive beyond the initial wait. When we would give an order, she would absent mindedly look off in the distance and then have us repeat it. She got cranky when the 1 minute she gave our friend to look at the menu wasn't enough  and she had to come back later - then she waited 10 minutes before the next swing by. We are usually good tippers, but when she gave us the credit card slip without a pen to sign with and without even saying "thank you" on a last attempt to be nice, we barely gave her anything.

Nothing redeeming this place.
I admit Im not really a fan of the college bar scene in Tempe.. but enroute to the ASU/USC game last weekend.. my boyfriend said we should get our brew suds on before hitting the stadium.. little did I realize that I like beer (just one icy one!) while watching the Sundevils take on my home states school... (maybe thats to ward off the smack talkers of those from AZ around me! "University of Spoiled Children".. 'they are all spoiled beach yuppies!'... WHAT????) but my own Sundevil says there isnt a beer to be had inside the stadium.. This place was actually alot of fun... packed to the walls with , none other than big old loud frat boys.. and cute sorority girls.. The servers still remained friendly and swift.. amongst the crowd.. Daves Electric Beer was icy and hit the spot.. game on!
Maybe it will get better, but this was pretty terrible beer.  Had the Industrial Pale Ale, which just tasted weird.  Had a few sips and left it - not worth the calories.  The oatmeal stout is okay tasting, but pretty watery and weak - tastes like something from Salt Lake City where you can't have a beer higher than 3% or something.  The place looks cool, and the bathroom is nice, and the folks serving are pretty nice.  But, I'll head over to Taste of Tops, Four Peaks or Papago if I'm in the area.
i wanted to try this place out with a group, but since i was down there for some reason, i stopped in for a beer and a bite. 

the setup is decent. the bar is half in and half outside, with an indoor room and a longer patio. wanted to sit at bar, but not much room to, so i was far from any action.

i tried their IPA, and it was good but average tasting. i tried the "OK Ale" and it was.. OK. actually it tasted a little flat, but maybe that was by design. i didnt ask. they do have beer towers which always look good.

for food they have a decent menu, but i went safe with chicken fingers. good, but again, average. the hot sauce was probably just Frank's and the ranch wasnt even that good. fries were a bit better than average at least, cause i think they were beer battered.

it was saturday evening and i dont recall what the happy hour deals are but probably not too exciting if i dont remember.

overall it was whatev. probably cool when its crowded? may go back if someone suggests it.
I like Dave's Electric. Great location for a micro-brewery (on the corner of 5th and College in downtown Tempe.) I enjoyed the Electric Brew with a veggie burger and had a great time with friends on the patio. 

Dave's is vegetarian friendly and dogs are welcome on the patio on a leash. 

Good beer, good food, good locale, good vibe.
Well I stopped in here the other night to give their beers a whirl, and unfortunately was a bit disappointed. I tried the IPA and the Oatmeal Stout, the IPA was average at best and the Oatmeal Stout left a lot to be desired, which is unfortunate since both of those are my favorite styles. 

I didn't get to try the food, so I can't comment on that. The service was good, but it was also pretty dead when I went.
I didn't eat here, so I guess I can't give a full review. But I did have a beer, and I did take the Orbit to downtown Tempe, and I walked over here and had a yummy pint for 2 bucks on Sunday evening. 
The more places that I can drink then take a bus home, the better.
This breweries electricity level is the equivalent of licking a used 9v battery. The house beers are below average in my opinion, The food was not good at all...and the service staff, well here is a little perspective of things, as the bartender is clearing our table he knocks over my quarter-of-the-way-full-beer, he apologizes, and brings us our bill moments later...No comp, no refill, nothing...thats kind of what I felt like leaving for a tip, but no server deserves that.
I would like to tell you a story about the worst day of my life.  It was when I came to your worthless"bar"  Your overpriced cocktails have the alcohol content of a handi-wipe at best.  I can also conclude that you do not have any sort of benefits offered to your employees because they walk by customers several times and cannot seem to recognize what a customer holding cash looks like.  Send them to an eye doctor.  They are too busy checking their cell phones and showing each other their awful, awful tattoos.  The prisoners in a concentration camps received better service from the Nazis then I got from the employees at your bar.  I had such a bad experience that I feel I will never be able to get an erection ever again, until I hear that your place has gone out of business (I'm sure it will very soon)  The only compliment I have is that I am glad you allow dogs on your patio.  I plan to bring them mine over soon after eating five cans of Hormel chili in the hopes they will piss and s*** all over the place and hopefully maul a member of your useless staff.  If a member of the police force shows up and have been to your dump bar, they will understand and let me go.  I predict your hellhole will soon be turning into a gay bar.

P.S. - The food you offer..... wow.  I can't believe you try to pass that kibble off as food.  The health department will be by soon and will close your virtual food "house of horrors" ASAP.  Great food if you are constipated and need to do a little spring cleaning.  If you are bulimic, come eat here.  Guaranteed to make you puke.

Looking forward to the day you go out of business.
I can see how several people have given some reviews that are less than flattering because it can be rough going the first few months a place is open.  I think people sometimes are too quick to judge and condemn a new place.  Dave's Electric is doing okay, but has some room for improvement, which I believe will happen naturally as the place matures.

I have now eaten at Dave's Electric ten times.  Every time I have eaten there the food has been great, the service has been average, the atmosphere is relaxed, and I have enjoyed the beer.  What else are you looking for in a bar that serves food?  Hence the 4 stars.  However, I do have one recommendation for the management of Dave's: 

Customer service needs improvement.  

In the 10 times I have eaten at Dave's since it opened, 3 times the service was almost non-existent, the other 7 times it was adequate, but never great.  To be honest, my expectations are not very high.  Order, eat, drink, pay, leave-- If I can do those in that order without having to flag a bartender down I'll give you a B+.  Anything over that would be an A.  Getting decent service 7 out of 10 times is not an acceptable number, however the last 5 times I have been there the service HAS been acceptable.  I've seen improvement, but there is definately room for more.

On a more positive note, I have had many of the items on the menu and have never been disappointed in the food.  The following items are very good:

Italian Beef Sandwich (my new fave)
Spicy Chicken Sandwich (jalapeno mayo and fire roasted chili make this great!)
Spinach Artichoke Dip (Four Peaks has the best in town, and probably can't be beat)
Black and Bleu Burger
Spicy Chicken Salad
Dave's Electric Wings (I am a spicy food lover, and these are the perfect heat.  They are one step hotter than your typical "hot" wing).


Overall this place can improve, and probably will.  I hope it is here to stay because it is a nice addition to Downtown Tempe's waning restaurant population. Support local businesses and say no to gaudy chain restaurants!

Eat and Drink at Dave's Electric!
After repeat visits it just gets worse - the service, that is.  It was as if we were held hostage and could not leave for a full 25 minutes because that's how long it took to receive hour check after several requests to several different employees.  Female servers might be somewhat cute but know absolutely nothing about beer and this is a brewpub.  I asked if they have an seasonal beers and the reply was no, that they only sell their own beers!  Even more amusing is their "industrial pale ale" is an IPA but it is not bitter.  So, they say it's an IPA but it's not bitter, it's not a true-to-style IPA.  Then people say "Oh I don't like IPA's" and want something else.  Their attempt to rename a beer/style is actually hurting them.  Amazing.

The menu was not the regular menu, just a small list of about 4-5 choices.  To make it worse, the actual menu on every table was wrong, yet the kept the menus on the tables anyway.  I heard 3 separate tables order the fried raviolis but they did not have them.  

This place is *only* in business because of the location, location, location.
I am a local event planner. I toured the space and was excited to find just how great the view was from the 2nd floor balcony. Granted, the first floor (street level) also makes for great people watching. There is room for a couple hundred people (total), and I would highly recommend the space for a private meeting or social gathering. Note: there is a pretty cool fireplace and furniture set-up on the 2nd floor that deserves kudos.  It may be a little hot for summer use, but that still leaves 9 months out of the year to use the space.
The truth is I went here to listen to the band that was playing Monday night. The band was really amazing. I only planned on staying a short time and instead turned all Cinderella and stayed out way to late. I read the reviews first, and was prepared for the worst. Maybe because I was expecting some man with chili spewing dogs (scary) I was to timid to try the food or the beer. The waitress was really sweet and checked on me numerous times. I just ordered a coke and sat on my bar stool and enjoyed the sound of the band. I like the way the bar is set up, and more importantly how close it is to the light rail. Next Monday night I will get brave and try a beer or two... everyone else seemed pretty happy drinking theirs. Maybe the owners read the reviews on yelp and tweaked the service and all the other issues the yelpers were upset about. One guy next to me ordered hot wings and they looked delicious. Okay, so next Monday night hot wings and a beer and really great music... and if the beer is good and the hot wings spicy I'll add an extra star or two.
Ordered the french onion soup and it was so salty I could barely eat it. Best part though? The slice of bread on top was a hamburger bun. How LAME.  The waitress was cool and very attentive. My friend ordered chili cheese fries that were huge and tasted decent.  The burger was a greasy mess. 

I love the set up of this place, there have been so many different restaurants here and none seem to last long. And with mediocre food I doubt this one will last.
I went to Dave's Electric for a Happy Hour.  The group I met for Happy Hour was rather large, so I decided to buy my drink at the bar.  It took them at least 10 minutes to take my order.  There were 2 people behind the bar taking orders and 1 at the cash register.  It wasn't a big bar to begin with and the bar area wasn't that busy.  

One crotchity old guy was talking to his friend and said something on the lines of "Geez it's taking forever to get a beer." The lady at the cash register told him that she was closing the register and then had some pretty passive agressive statements to say to him.  The old guy was like, I wasn't even talking to you and then went on a rant.  Even though he was rude, he had a point.  

I've been to bigger bars, that were busier with the same amount of people, and had my drink in a timely manner.  Even an acknowledgement (like, I'll be with you in a minute), is better than totally ignoring the customer.  

Anyway, I had Dave's Electric Brew and it was alright.  I went and sat with my group.  I tried to order the crab cakes, but they were out.  So I ordered Edamame.  It took about 30 minutes to get my order.  I think the Edamame was overcooked because they were really squishy and difficult to eat.  It also took a very long time to get my bill and pay.  I know my group was large, but it just took a long time.

I figure the reason for the substandard customer service to Dave's Electric is that it's a new establishment and they are working out the kinks.  I hope they can work out these issues.  It's a great location right off the lightrail and they have a nice patio area.
About a year ago I had some Dave's Electric beer in Bisbee.  I thought the beer was just ok.  It was more about the novelty of having a beer brewed and sold only in Bisbee.  After Bisbee though, I never gave Dave's Electric much thought until they opened a brewpub about a mile from my house.  My wife and I are big fans of trying new local breweries and brewpubs so were excited to try it.  We finally made it last Saturday at about 9pm and the place was dead.  There were only about 5 other people in the place which is good because I like to have my choice of seat and don't like to wait for drinks and service.

The place is pretty big but probably 2/3rds of it is taken up by huge brewing tanks so the actual bar/dining area is pretty small.  We opted to sit outside because they had lots of heaters.  The heater by our table though was on the fritz so the bouncer guy stood there almost the entire time trying to keep the thing lit which was thoughtful.

I really liked the atmosphere of the place.  The bar opens up to a nice patio where you can sit, chat and people watch.  There are several TVs where you can watch whatever games are on.  There was also a small band playing in the corner.  Being right on ASU's campus and having reasonably priced beers it was hard to believe that the place wasn't busier.  I'm guessing that the place will get super crowded before ASU football games so get there early if you want a seat because space is limited.

Their selection of beer is small.  They only had 4 of their beers on tap which was limiting but also made it easier to decide.  They were all $4 ($3 during happy hour) which I guess is pretty reasonable.  I had the Old Frog Grog and my wife had the IPA.  Their beer isn't my favorite but it is very good.  It is more about trying a new place and supporting a local brewery rather than going for a superb beer.

A couple of the reviews on here mention poor service.  I think that the service was very good.  Our waitress was quick and friendly and I have no complaints.

They have a pretty large food menu for a brewery but is still pretty typical bar food so I'm not sure how good it is.

Will I rush back?  No; I just didn't think the place was all that special and different from a lot of other bars in AZ.  However, if I am in the immediate area and want a decent beer, then yes I will return.
Beep Beep, goes the silent death that is the light rial as I try to cross the street to Daves electric. 

I stooped in here to give it a try and have a pre A mountain hike beer, yes beer and night hiking is a decent mix. 

We sat down at a patio table and our waitress came quickly, she informed us that happy hour that we thought we had just missed had been extended for an hour, SCORE! $3 for a pint of micro brew, this could be dangerous. 

Based on the name I had to try the Daves Electric Ale,  My friend had the industrial pale ale. The electric ale clean but nothing special, as with most ales.   The Industrial pale ale however was pretty good with a decent floral note from the hops. 

Overall the beer selection seemed a bit small compared to other breweries as did the inside seating which could be an issue when the inferno of the AZ summer comes.

It is a good stop to power up before you walk up A mountain, it is like gatoraid but better with some hops in it.
Off a few blocks away from Mill so its not as chaotic but the layout sucks.  We had a large group, around 35 people, which literally filled up all the indoor space.  The place is long and narrow with half the bar facing inside and half facing the patio.  It was a cold night so we were all packed along the inside.  So it was a pain getting to the restroom and finding a place to stand that was not in the path of the servers.

They only have 4 beers on tap which didn't include a hefeweizen or guinness.  I ordered a quesadilla which states on the menu that it includes chicken but the waiter charged it as an add on.  Not cool.
If I could give this place no stars I would.  Possibly the worst service I have ever had.  There are a lot of choices in the area, choose somewhere other than this place.  Absolutely awful.
I'm not a beer drinker so I can't attest to those (though other people reviewing here certainly have a low opinion) but they do have hard apple cider on tap. That works for me. I've been to Dave's a few times lately. There are often events at Studio 5C upstairs and Dave's is convenient. 

I will say the food I've tried before was not memorable. I do remember eating there, but it wasn't bad enough to complain about or good enough to remember... until tonight. I ordered the Mac n Cheese and I think it's the best Mac n Cheese I've had anywhere. I ate until I couldn't eat anymore and enjoyed every bite. A variety of cheeses and baked to deliciousness.

I sat on the north patio - away from the bar. The server was attentive and friendly right up til it was time for her to go off duty and she lost enthusiasm/motivation but eventually came back for the check business. I had a friend join me halfway through my meal and she was right on top of that too, until we were done. Oh well. 

I can't wait until tomorrow night. There's another event upstairs so I have an excuse for a great dinner before going up. Can you overdose on Mac n Cheese?
Met one of the owners of Dave's Electric at Whole Foods in Tempe last week.  what a nice lady!  Beyond that, Electric Dave has been around forever an comes from my home town, Bisbee AZ..  I have sampled Dave's beers for years at all the different beer festivals and have always enjoyed them.  You can alwys tell Dave's beer by the Lightning Bolt tap handles.  They are really cool.  
Any hoo, what a great idea to open a brewpub in downtown tempe.  The timing is perfect with everybody gaining a respect for good Arizona beer.  Good Luck Dave!!!
Really 2.5 stars, and with some small changes, it could be 3.5 stars. 

I don't come here for the food (with one exception) and I wish I was driven to come here for the beer -- but so far, I'm not. 

The beer is OK, but nothing stands out, and for now, this is a big for now, the beer is not made in house, but that will change soon. Being an IPA lover, I am stunned that their IPA has the lowest IBUs, at 17, among their 4 beers (IPA, Pale Ale, Lager, Oatmeal Stout). I'm at a loss on the IPA (and yes, I did get all beer geek on you). I don't need 90 Minute IPA levels, but I'd like to taste my hops. That said, the IPA has good flavor. 

The staff is friendly and usually a blast to hang out with, although it appears turnover is high (yes, I know, shocking). I've had some great nights and afternoons just chatting with people (including watching some Marines in from CA hit on every woman that moved...it was one of the few times that I was actually rooting for the guys). It is a nice, although slightly awkward space, because of a front room that makes no sense. Still, it has a bar that opens to the outside and a nice patio. 

The food is slow and average on a good day. However, the sausage/bratwurst sampler is awesome, but I'm not sure it is on the menu all the time. And let me tell you, if you play hide the brat with me, I'm not down. 

Ultimately, I would hang out here more often if the establishment had cared about a small error that was made with one of my credit receipts (and the beer was better). Basically, a $7 + $3 tip receipt was run for $40 instead of $10. I informed them and left a note with my bank record for the manager. She never called and the error was never fixed. Consistent with the nice staff, the bartender did comp me a beer when I told her the story. 

Given the good location, I'm sure Dave's can survive, I just hope the beer improves.
I went in this sat with some friends, and it was dead.

We each got a beer, and enjoyed on of the last cool evenings.

I had a IPA which is quite good, I the tried their oatmeal stout, it tasted water and the malts were a bit too roasted for a beer that lacked body.

One odd thing they offer is a "Tower"  for $21 one would assume it would contain at least two pitches ($11) worth of beer, however it does not, it really has just 1.5 pitchers worth. Plus they are probably hard to clean.

Live music started  around 10 making it hard to converse so we left for a stagger up Hayden Butte.
Location is great. Most of the stars go to that. 
Beer is good/okay.
Food is kinda edible.
Service is some of the worst I've encountered. 

I had the turkey club and my bacon was chewy. My husband had a burrito, which tasted like a big taco bell nacho grande wrapped up in a tortilla. Waitress was lousy. We were ignored and then she took my husband's drink order and didn't ask what I wanted. I don't think she was being rude, but rather had the attention span of a gnat.
DAVE'S-I HOPE THIS CRITIQUE WAKES YOU UP!!
Sunday evening, enjoying an almost cool night, wife and I dropped in on Dave's. We were in for some good ole' bar food for dinner, and the east side patio seemed inviting. Sat at the second table, and was annoyed by the smell. Glanced around the patio and other tables, all were dirty. Could be trouble!

Well, waitress came over right away so maybe service is good. One Chardonnay, one OK Ale, and opted for wings and sliders. Drinks came soon enough, and both were quaffable. But smell lingered, so we moved down a few tables (it was slow!)

Waiting, waiting for food. Again, waiting. After about 20m, chipotle wings showed up. 5m more, sliders and fries. All were very good, but were the only part of dining we enjoyed. But the wait....for appetizers.... sheesh! The lack of cleanliness just became more apparent too. The condiment box was ragged and spotted, the containers were covered with mustard, ketchup dribbles, and we emptied the ketchup quickly on the fries. Waitress had forgotten us after food delivered, so getting ketchup refill took 10m. FRIES GOT COLD-BAD!

After eating, then had to run down waitress and actually go to bar to pay tab. So much for the promising service. I better wrap this up, and re state my points-Food was good, service can be hit and miss, but really, clean up the place, please! We do intend to return, but not sure when.
Most definently a college hangout.  Lots of smokers on the patio, which BTW is within the area of the front door, so it should be illegal.  Mediocre beer at best.  The attraction for party people is that you can share a huge tower of their mediocre beer.  Food was typical bar food grub, nothing really crazy but done well, possibly a little overcooked.  Their IPA, which they call Industrial Pale Ale is not what most people would consider an IPA (Normally known as India Pale Ale), it is actually their least hoppiest beer which is hard to do since almost all the beers have very low amounts of hops in them but which college kids may not care about since this is a place that caters to a college students budget..
Like others have mentioned before, this is one of those businesses that you want to do anything you can to help them succeed so that more follow in their footsteps.  

It's going to be really tough to not compare every aspect to Four Peaks, as they have set the bar really high for local Tempe breweries in terms of service, food, and of course suds.  Dave's falls a little short of 4P on each of those categories except service, but Like Evan B, I went in on a Saturday when the place was sparsely populated.

We ordered the chicken strips (great with Dave's spicy wing sauce on them) and the spicy chicken sandwich and both were quite good.  Dave's hot wing sauce probably ranks around an 8/9 on BW's scale, and had a great latent spice kick.

The chicken sandwich had a huge green chile on it, and the Jalapeno mayo had a great kick.  Match that up with the fries and you can expect to leave stuffed.  We paired our meals up with the OK ale, which was not bad but slightly watery.

Overall - decent food, decent beer, but lacks the vibrant atmosphere of it's big brother Four Peaks down the street.
New Menu, New Staff, and New Events.

Dave's is an interesting spot, subsequently it is not for everyone.

Want a $2 Bud Light?  Go to the aptly named College Dropouts.  Want one of the best stouts you'll find on tap in the United States?  Park yourself at the bar and ask for a grog.

The food is pretty much the best quality you'll find for the price anywhere near campus.  The pizzas are amazing, the sliders terrific, but the Salmon BLT is the best thing on the menu.

Dave's is a laid back spot during the day, and most nights.  One of the few bars where you can actually have a conversation (except on Friday/Saturday nights where DJs/Live Music pack the place), enjoy a good beer, glass of wine, or high quality tequila, and decompress.

It's not your standard high-volume brewpub, nor is it trying to be.  It's the kind of spot you wish existed on some equatorial beach somewhere when you were on an extended vacation.

Try the Teriyaki wings, or Sausage Sampler (anyone who's been to Germany on a proper bender... err... trip, will appreciate this dish).
Some of these reviews are awfully harsh - we really liked this place.  Mike, the bartender, was very friendly and helpful, the beer was good and the location was great right next to Sun Devil stadium!
Beer. That is what we need to discuss when evaluating a brewery. Leave it to Arizonans to jump to food or service when grading a brewery. Uggg. This state sucks.

The beer was good by Arizona standards. People think 4 Peaks is some kind of magical elixir - it is average beer. The Electric is a stepchild of 4 Peaks, I believe  they share investors and probably brew recipes. AZ needs more places like this and people need to drink more local beer. Drinking good local beer is so important. Brew your own, get educated and frequent your local brewery... just don't go there and judge them on their food.
This place is a must go if you are some beer starved party animal ASU student but as an adult who is one step beyond the let's get blottoed for the sake of getting drunk this place isn't really worth visiting.  The beers really aren't that good compared to Four Peaks/Papago/Sun Up/San Tan, or any of the other brew pubs around.  Really wasn't that impressed with the food either.  The only reason I gave it an extra star than one because the service was good, of course there were only one other group in the place at the time.
When I first entered Dave's about twenty visits ago, I had no idea they were going for bare minimum, just like any divey joint.  I had no clue that Dave's even aspired to be a dive.  Usually being a dive is earned, with a been through the muck and mire character. But Dave's, being a new establishment that is trying to seem like an old establishment,  just comes off as lazy. 

Now that Dave's has had time to settle in, and has grown from the new kid on the block to the-place-that-didn't-go-out-of-business-right-away (like the last five businesses in this location), it is fairly evident that my hopes were too high from the start.  

But I am adaptable!  I like this place.  3 stars means A-OK!

The service isn't top notch, but it isn't any worse than any other business that doesn't focus on service.  They just hire anyone to work behind the bar, usually a kinda cute girl, but a girl that couldn't make a neat bourbon without looking it up.

The food is something to eat while you are at a bar.  There are a few items on the menu that are okay (see my last review), and others I do not care about so much (see this review):

Wings (Not the best)

The wings were extra fatty today.  While the meat underneath is good, part of enjoying wings is eating the entire wing.  I don't want to be a princess and get out a knife and fork to eat wings at a bar.  I want to Homer Simpson those bastards and stick a whole wing in my mouth and remove a bare bone.  The sauce is good though.  I ordered the Chipotle, which was like a bbq with a kick (much milder than I expected), and the Dave's Electric, which is pretty damn hot.   

I think I'll be sticking to their sandwiches from here on out.
I like this place. My friends and I have off-and-on frequented this place for the past year and we've never been disappointed. While they'll continue to truck their staple brews up from the Bisbee location, they are finally brewing small batches here in Tempe.

Only a couple blocks down from the always busy Mill, Dave's Electric is a nice change of pace with a chill patio, never overly crowded (if you're day drinking, you might be one of only a few people here) and the waitstaff are pretty awesome!

My favorite beer is the OK Ale and the pretzel bites are good little snackers.
So this is a brewery. They have an IPA on the menu, listed at 17 IBUs. I am not sure how much you know about beer, and the IBU (Bitterness basically) is a BS measurement unit anyway, IPAs usually have around a 50-60 though. It was great that the waitress understood what we meant when we asked if that was correct, she at least knew what we were talking about. Nonetheless, the beer sampler was well priced, even if the beer wasn't very good. 

The food was unremarkeable, other than the sausage sampler which was excellent. My friend had Mac n Cheese, a passion of hers, and was basically unhappy with it; it was essentially velveeta.

Staff was really cool, bartender gave out free shots when the Suns won, even gave an Arizona Snowman to our DD (shot of cold water!). Unfortunately a great staff cannot save a mediocre brewery with little to offer in ambience or food.
I took my grandson, student at ASU, to dinner on Friday, March 25, 2011.  We went  to Dave's Electric Brewpub because I had never been there and Brian thought it was ok.  He ordered the IPA and I ordered the OK ale.  As it turned out mine was hoppier at something like 31 IBU.  The first thing I noticed is that the skimp on the beer.  It comes in a pint glass with about an inch of head.  That leaves you with less than 12 ounces of beer.  The beer was not very good.  I tried the IPA next and then we sampled a new IPA that was not really on sale yet.  None of them were very good.  I then  had a stout which was somewhat better than any of the others but not really all that good.  In short don't go there for the beer.  I had the black and blue burger for dinner and I will say that I enjoyed it.  It came with a very  good bun and it was cooked about right.  This place is about two stars below Four Peaks.
Overall, I like this place. The food is decent, the beer is decent, and it isn't really fair to compare this small place to the colossal Four Peaks.

I have had almost every sandwich on the menu, and all are very good.

Today I had the chicken Mexican Pizza "Jump Start" for lunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was well spiced, the salsa that came with it was tasty, and it ran about $6.  Not bad for lunch.

The service this time was fine, but it wasn't very busy.  I honestly believe that after speaking with the owner, they are making an effort to improve service.  Time will tell if the Yelp community will notice.

Keep on keepin' on Dave's!  You are the second closest restaurant to my office, so I want to love you!  Please, please, please make it easy for all of us to love you!
Overall, I really enjoyed my time here. The bartender/waiter Sean is awesome and very helpful. The beer was good. It was a nice atmosphere and we were able to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather. The food was pretty yummy too. I would definitely recommend this place to others and will be back next time I'm in town.
We arrived on a Friday night around 7pm. There were a few folks around the bar, but the dining room was empty. 

The service was spotty. As in, one guy was running around trying to help everyone, while a woman was standing around. It was strange.

We started with the "homemade" pretzel bites. Although the menu says you get a variety of dipping sauces, you only get crappy cheese whiz kind of stuff. We found the bites to be a bit overcooked and tough.

I had the salmon BLT and it was really good. Huge portion for the price. Great flavors. Just really greasy bread (probably buttered then slapped on the grill). I had the side salad, which was like something you'd get at Denny's (shredded cheese from a bag, a few croutons thrown on).

All in all, the food was ok for being a bar. The beers were delish (and we like to drink local, too!). The atmosphere was just ok, but there was no live music or anything going on.
Stopped by Daves Electric Brewerpub in Tempe AZ. on Monday, during my afternoon long pub crawl with Justin from Brew Bros. & a couple of mates.  Walked over to Dave's from Mellow Mushroom in the dead afternoon heat only to find that summer hours had taken effect and that they were closed. DRAG!
Anyway, I peaked in and met bar manager Cristina who invited us in for a pint and treated us like kings despit the fact that they were not even open for business.  That was very cool.   She gave us a little background on the pub and their recent brewing activity which was nice as well.
We all had the Trident IPA, a bit malty for my taste as far as IPAs go but nice none the less.  A nice little place to check out while in downtown Tempe.  A great Pre Game Hang Out. Cheers.
This place is a close second to the worst pizza I've ever eaten. The service is good but stay away from the pizza.
A buddy of mine and I have been to Dave's a few times, and always enjoyed their beer and their food. However, the past Friday (Sept. 9th) was an ASU game day, and Dave's is not the place to go during this time. We ordered food, which was OK (a slider plate with onion rings (7?!?) for me, a burger and fries for my friend), and had 4 "pints". I put thw word in italics, because at 11:45 the "pints" were small plastic cups. That isn't the terrible part, though we had ZERO interest in the "game day" reasons for the cup choice. The issue is that we were charged 6 dollars each for plastic cup beer, far less in size than a true pint. This, to be blunt, is ridiculous; I like Dave's IPA, but I would have gone anywhere else for a pint had I known the cost and the size. For the beer cost and the food quality, this was a big mistake. Sorry, Dave's, but I think the power went out for me here.
Pretty good food and their oatmeal stout is not bad. I love the name: Old Frog.  :)  They have a great fry cook.  The fried food is really good.  Light and crispy; not grease logged.  The fry cook knows what temperature to keep the frying oil in order to get that light crispy texture.  Oh, and their pretzel bites were pretty good, however, I'm not too sure about the sauce.  It was a bit chunky and watery for a "cheese sauce."  The fried raviolis are pretty good too, the inside is made with both mozzerella and ricotta; the ricotta was a bit of a surprise for me.  I'm not sure why.  I also appreciate that they offer light and healthy, but substantial dishes like a generous portion of steamed edamame, and hummus.  Their happy hour beer specials are pretty good too: $9 for a pitcher of good, local microbrew is a pretty good deal.

My husband and I spent approximately $40 or so, including tip, and we ordered:

Pitcher of Old Frog $9 (six+ glasses).
Appetizer Sampler $10
Beer Brat and Onion Rings $8
Edamame $4
Fries $2.50
Tax and tip.

Oh, and the location is a great meeting place for people before they hop onto the light rail for a night out in PHX.
Stop. Just stop. In a city where some truly phenomenal beer flows freely, this place is taking up valuable beer-brewing-and-pouring real-estate. Sometimes I think that this place is a deliberate act of sarcasm.

...I have to stop thinking about it...
Very promising little microbrewery based out of Bisbee, AZ.  The beer was pretty good and reasonably priced at $4/pint.  Nothing that's going to replace Four Peaks as the best in town.  But a great alternative at a nice central location with a big patio.

During game days (which is when we came) you can expect to be drinking out of a plastic cup and ordering from a limited menu.

I tried each of the 4 beers that they had.   And They were all decent.
I have been working at the ASU campus for a little over a year and I've visited Dave's about 5 or 6 times.  I was never very excited about their beer or food, but I love supporting local brewpubs, and I liked the atmosphere. Especially the patio and outdoor bar.
I have a pretty forgiving palate when it comes to craft beer, but Dave's just falls flat. No complexity of flavor in any of the beers, although I haven't tried the stout. They aren't bad, they just have nothing to stand out.
But the reason I decided to write this review is that I was tremendously disappointed during my last visit in early Feb.  Since I work nearby my visits have often included lunch or happy hour food, and I thought they had a decent selection of affordable options. But they removed some of my go-to vegetarian items from the menu.  When I expressed my disappointment, the bartender told me they took the veggie items off because they weren't selling as much.  I can see why a restaurant might stop advertising a item that is not selling.  But there are few replacement options when you start removing vegetarian choices.  In addition, when I asked if they still made the veggie wrap at all, the bartender simply said no.   I hate the thought of being high maintenance, so I didn't press the issue. But I imagine that it wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
Since the waitstaff was not interested in my satisfaction, and since the other food I have tried (bar food, typical salad) is just average and I prefer other beer, I won't be back.
I really liked this place. The beers aren't necessarily the best ever, but they aren't bad. I guess I am a bit of a snob though being from the beer meccas of Denver and Chicago.

What this place really has going for it is the feel. Its very laid back.. a nice change of pace from the craziness of Mill Street a couple blocks away. The outdoor patio is comfortable and large, and the bar takes the place of the buildings wall so you can sit at it and still be outside while watching TVs inside. They also had live music both nights I went here which definitely added to the relaxing feel.

The food here is also pretty good. I had a tasty burger, but the real story was the appetizer. The pretzel bites...holy crap! SO GOOD. I definitely spoiled my appetite since I couldn't stop eating them.
The short: This place was so bad that at 1st place in trivia, we didn't want to win again so we wouldn't feel forced to return with a $25 gift certificate.

The Long: I looked at this place and saw 2 $$ signs, 48 reviews and an average of 3 stars. I thought, "either this place is on the verge of falling apart, or Yelpers have been really mean". Well, Yelpers don't lie- after arriving there and seeing a huge place nicely decorated and with an interesting menu, I was like "pshh no way this is a 3 star average, it looks GREAT!". By the end of the night, I was ready to run out the door.

What sucked so much? Oh, let me count the ways!

The Service: Bless your heart, Ryan the line cook. The waitress assigned to our area was so overwhelmed by a full house that it looked like her brain was going through a short circuit. Either the restaurant didn't get enough servers to cover all tables during trivia hour or this girl was new at her job. Either way, she was so blank-faced when I asked her for extra chairs that I knew she might not be the best to serve us. Eventually the line cook came to let us know that he would be helping to serve our table because the other lady had lost her last brain cell. He asked us to repeat our orders about 3 times because he kept forgetting to write them down. But that's ok, Ryan the line cook, your job isn't to serve, so you did the best you could.

The Food: (1) The pretzel bites were not made out of pretzel dough but pizza dough instead. Its side order of beer cheese was pretty tasty but a little side of mustard would've been needed for actual pretzels. (2) The nachos were a disappointing plate of cold flaccid tortillas with congealed cheese and a cold topping of olives, tomatoes and jalapeno slices. It had basically been made hours in advance and left to cool off and then topped with veggies in the last minute, very un-nacho worthy. (3) the sausage plate was the most disgusting piece of meat i've ever shoved in my mouth. I couldn't tell which one was the brat, the Italian sausage and the spicy sausage, they all tasted different shades of gross and gave me a gag reflex at $8.50. (4) The chicken tenders were not fully identified as chicken, as we discovered a weird piece of over-fried meat that very much tasted like FISH. Something tells me they fry them together in the same basket, which sucks for us non-fish lovers, or even those that are actually allergic. Their fries were double fried, once hours/days before and the other one right before, to kill all remaining flavor of potato. (5) Their beer. Sorry yo, the oatmeal stout had no flavor. 

The Space: Good for you for filling the place up on trivia night, but if people are there to participate at trivia, you might want to improve your sound system. Placed to sit in the patio (as no other spot was available) we couldn't hear a single thing, while the sound indoors was absolutely BLASTING. An extra cheapo speaker in the patio would have been wonderful, because every time the bus or tram passed by, we couldn't even hear our own thoughts, let alone the trivia questions.

So at the end, it IS in fact true that those Yelpers were wrong about their 3 star average. Electric Brewpub isn't more than 2 stars. I came, I saw, I ate, and I regretted all the above. Sorry Yelp, I thought it would be better, I really really reaaaaaaally did.
I know this place is changing owners next week but I have to write a review of this place. Where do I start? 

On a positive note the wait staff are very friendly, quick and don't leave alone too long. I like that they were very open and positive about the bar- this is the two star rating. 

Now the bad.

I tried all of their micro brews and they were all disgusting. Note to the new owner- please please clean up the brews.   I couldn't finish any of them.  They do not taste clean/ refreshing and have the smell of sanitizer and muck. I realize that some are made in Bisbee and others in the bar but there wasn't one that I wanted to re-order.  Beer was also served luke warm.

The wings were the lowest quality of meat- very fatty  only 1  drumstick. That and they give you 10 wings. The sauce was dumped on and not tossed.  The flavor was gritty and very bland/store bought.

This place reminds me of a dive 80s bar that is not anywhere near its potential. It's next to the ASU stadium yet the majority of the clientele are over the age of 40 and kinda rough looking.  Better food, better beer are a must.
one of the worst ive seen next to frank and lupe's .  the grisly adams dip sh@* bartender was using the toilet plunger, from the bathroom, with sh@*  on it to unclog the sink  which held ice he was serving in  drinks.   the place smelled like feces and look like it had never been cleaned. shame on everyone at dave's electric fecal matters..
Dave's isn't nearly as bad as some of the reviews on here led me to believe, but it's also definitely not worthy of the few four-star ratings I've seen, either. We try to find local breweries to try when we're on the road, especially after having such a great experience last summer at MickDuff's in Sand Point. So after wandering around the Mill Avenue district in Tempe last month, we decided to stop here for a small, light lunch and a beer or two. 

We opted for the beer sampler so we could try the six beers they had available that day. For just a few bucks, the sampler was a good way to taste everything they had to offer. Unfortunately, the beer was REALLY lacking in flavor. Other than the Old Frog Grog, which wasn't terrible, all of the other beers tasted really similar. I couldn't have closed my eyes and tasted them and told you which was supposed to be the lager and which was supposed to be the IPA. It's probably not a good sign that they describe most of their beers as "lightly hopped" with a smooth finish. IPAs are supposed to be hoppy, and this one was a huge disappointment. I ended up ordering a pint of the Dave's Electric, which was drinkable but not terribly indistinguishable from something like Bud Light. Overall, the beer leaves a lot to be desired.

The food wasn't half bad. I had a Greek salad, which was light and crisp. Definitely the most enjoyable part of the flavor experience. Boyfriend ended up ordering the mac and cheese, and was satisfied with that, as well.

What saves this restaurant from getting two stars is the staff. Both of the bartenders were super friendly and attentive, and did a great job at explaining the beers to us when they brought out our sampler. I just wish the brews had lived up to their colorful descriptions.

Dave's is apparently under new ownership, but the brewing is still going to be done by the same folks. With these disappointingly bland beers hovering over it's head like the sword of Damocles, I don't know how long Dave's can last. It's disappointing, because I really feel like the place has a lot of potential. It's literally spitting distance from ASU's stadium, and with a more pleasing brew selection, they could really make money hand-over-fist from thirsty game goers. I truly hope they can make it happen for themselves.
I actually find myself driving out to this BJs instead of going to the one in Chandler. It's more of a trek, but I don't have to deal with crappy mall parking.

Ok, this one is next to a PF Chang's (don't get me started on that...I HATE that place), Chipotle, Red Robin and a very defunct Krispy Kreme (*cries*...maybe it's best that it's closed).

The reason I always go to this BJs is...the salad. The BJs at the Chandler Mall makes me angry. Very angry. If I am going to fork (no pun intended) over $10+ for a salad, you had damn well better give me more friggin lettuce. I've been to the one in Chandler a few times and will write a review on their beer.

I'm also a fan of their regular pub fare-ish food - burgers, chicken wings, fries, etc.

But it's their salads that keep me coming back. I'm a huge lover of their Garden Medley with grilled chicken and Field of Greens.

This BJ's can't go wrong!
What the h*ll?

We had just finished up a conference in the Mesa area and with few dining options available at 11:00 pm, other than Denny's, and that was NOT going to happen, we opted for BJ's Brew House.  As a adamant hater of chain restaurants, I did not have high expectations of this establishment and, well, still don't.  Yes, it's cheap, the food offerings mediocre and boring and the service disinterested, but when the choices are between Denny's and BJ's, I'll opt to fast for the evening next time.  Really, it is a small wonder why those who live in the suburbs are so overweight with so few healthy dining options.
Well, wow this place is getting slammed!!! maybe rightfully so, but I have never had a problem with their desserts, my girlfriend and I will sometimes go there just for dessert and that is it. We ate there once and they did take a few more minutes than I thought they should have, but wouldn't stop me from going back again.
This place does not need to exist.

Period.
BJ's is one of my favorite restaurants in the east valley (and I'm shocked to read the negative reviews done before mine). Over the last 2 years, I've probably been there for a few dozen visits with my biggest complaint being that they are extremely busy during your common weekend meal hours. The servers have always been more than attentive and will even offer free samples of their made-in-house microbrews if you seem unsure of your beer selection. Personally, I get excited each fall for their seasonal selection called "nitwit"- it's a wheat beer, similar to a hef, with a hint of orange just gives it a unique coloring and taste. 

They have many options for meals, with some of my favorites being their salads (very large size, I have yet to finish one), their baked potatoes (over a pound, then stuffed with your favorites), chicago-style stuffed pizza, and signaure sandwiches (the crispy chicken is my favorite, by far). And, of course, you can't pass up dessert at BJ's- they have pizzookies. For anyone who might not have already been introduced, a pizzookie is a big cookie (in a personal pizza sized pan), baked to be slightly gooey with a couple scoops of ice cream on top.
On our way out the the mall we were trying to decide where to stop and eat when we spotted this place and decided to stop in and check it out. They were pretty busy but we found a both in the bar area with no problems. Nice open space in the restaurant but it does get pretty loud. 

I had the Parmesan crusted chicken which came with cheddar mashed potatoes and broccoli and my boyfriend had the french dip with fries. His french dip was good, nothing special about it. My chicken was good although the mashed potatoes could have been creamier and I could have used some more of the lemon Chardonnay butter sauce with my chicken, but overall the meal was good. Didn't have enough room for dessert, maybe next time.
My brother taught me a very valuable lesson. When you don't want to take the left overs home with you but you don't want to be rude, ask for a box and then "forget" the box on the table. There's a chance they'll run after you; there's a chance you'll escape free of leftovers. Thankfully, I escaped. 

What did I leave behind? Their meatloaf. It wasn't the actual meatloaf that was gross. It was the gross sauce they drowned it in. Seriously, it was nasty. I ate one piece of the loaf and gave up, my stomach grouchy from the determined attempt to eat. 

The veggies were great, as were their mashed potatoes. But the main course, the meat and its loaf, were not. Too bad, for that's what I wanted to like so badly.

What I did like was their nut brown beer. It's the only one I can tell that's worth ordering. Don't bother with their porter. Ick. 

BJ's could be a cool place to watch a game, if you don't get distracted by all the other TV's with different games on. I watched Superbowl highlights, a Suns game and a KU game all at the same time. This might've been overwhelming, if I were normal and didn't suffer from ADHD. (I kid...I think)

Anyway, don't come for the food. Most of it is topped with fried onion rings. Don't believe me? Take a look at the menu. Even the salads are tainted.
A group of us went during the work day in between meetings. We were a group of 6 and were quickly seated in a very comfortable booth. It was 11:45 and busy so the getting a large booth right away was nice. Very pleasing ambience, and yummy smells were noticeable on the way to our booth. Our waiter was nice, but a little condescending. We ordered drinks, and he eventually got it right. Our food came and all were satisfied! I had the fish tacos and they were divine with a little avocado and salsa on the side. Very ,very nice, and very ,very tasty. Others had the giant stuffed potato-they were giant, and loved them. The 2 salads that arrived were so fresh and crisp. The people that ate them said they were delish. It took a little while to get our bill, and then to get the change. At lunch, I'd like to see that happen a little faster as we were almost late back to work. All in all, a nice experience with really good food.
BJ's is one of my favorite places to eat.  Their pizza, sandwiches, and pasta dishes are all awesome.  The drink selection is great.  I've never had bad service here.
why does bj's leave me cold ???? they have a cool name.....they have beer.......i had a hefe the other day I guess it's there version  it was cold  and flavorless like water. There apps are decent and we have had lunch there before it was good sometimes the service is good other times just mediocre ........oh bj's I may return someday but your not high on my list
Loved it!  This was my first time to this location and they did not let me down.  If you ever go here - GET THE avocado egg rolls!!  WOW amazing, and they give you this sauce that is like candy.  My niece went with me and she does not like to try anything so I got to eat all them suckers by myself!!!  haha..

I had the sliders and wedge fries and there was so much food I had lunch to bring home to my wife too.  Great service and friendly cool environment!  I will be back to try other stuff - their pasta looked delish so I wanna try that!!
Hey, a restaurant that sells food and brews their own beer. What a novel concept! Not. BJ's is a chain and they do pretty good by their patrons. I can never go to a restaurant that serves fish and chips and not order it, so that's all I've ever had at BJ's. It pales in comparison to places that fry fresh fish, but it's passable.

The beers are decent. Then again, so is Newcastle and Blue Moon and Bud that you can get on tap anywhere. The real opportunity for BJ's is to put together interesting pairings and make it a real brewhouse. They do have pairings suggested in their menu, but most of them fall flat. A blonde ale with fish and chips? No, sir. I don't care that you breaded the fish with the same ale. Do you think your average Brit would be caught dead drinking "blonde ale", with or without fish and chips? Hells no. Stouts and porters, man.

It would be better if the waitstaff were a bit hip to the beers and could speak about them intelligently. As it is, they can regurgitate what's already written in the menu and that's about it. Most of them clearly have not even tried all the beers served there. That should be Day 1 of new hire training at BJ's. Get sloshed and take a cab home. 

They need a sommelier, except for beer. Does that exist?
BJs food is always worth the wait. Our server wasn't excellent, but the food was hot and tasty. I had the chips n salsa to start. Love their salsa and the chips are thick, warm, and crunchy. I think they are made from tortillas instead of actual chips. The chicken tenders were very juicy and cooked just right. My husband had the peperoni mini deep dish, his favorite, and the broccoli cheddar soup. The pizzas speak for themselves, always thick and crunchy on the outside, warm and chewy on the inside. The soup was thick and creamy, good consistency. Match it with the Pale Ale and you've got quite the meal :)
Ahh BJ's... 6 months ago you were one of my favorites in the East Valley. Now, not so much. In fact, I may never go back. 
Always enjoyed the atmosphere which has not changed, usually the wait staff is competant, but the food was always great.  Good portions and quality ingredients, but not anymore. 
Server was very mechanical and short. Since others bring the food, what else dies she have to do except check on us and keep our drinks filled? Sad.
We ordered the Italian Market Salad which we usually split. It used to be a very finely chopped mountain of lettuce with great veggies, Garbanzo beans, cheese, meat etc. Now it has a small handful of white, droopy iceberg lettuce, tons of dressing and lots of white cheese balls. I could not finish my half (I was starving buy it was too gross) so we quickly paid and left. At this point even Taco Bell or Chipotle sounded good!  
So sad..
They are getting 2 stars only because the beer was decent. The food was okay, but the service was absolutely horrible.
A little behind on my reviews.... 

Went here for lunch on 5/5/10. This was a lunch with family/friends. 

We were there at about 11:30. Only a few other tables were occupied. We were seated pretty quickly. Then had to wait about 5-10 minutes before waitress showed up. Another 5 minutes to return with simple soda and lemonade orders. 

Lunch orders included two salads, chicken tenders and fries, chicken sandwich and fries, angel hair pasta dish, and personal deep dish pizza. 

Salads are a Little hard to screw up. Pizza was only warm. Some bites tasted like not yet cooked yet. Both orders with fries, the fries were cold as well as the pasta dish. 

Of course, waitress never came back to check on our orders after a few minutes. So probably 10-15 minutes went by before she came visible to waiver her over. When we told her food was cold, she was clearly confused and unsure what to do. She said she would be back in a minute. 

Manager too sounded confused and surprised... "Don't know why food would be cold?" He offered to bring out new order of fries, which he did fairly quickly.. No offer to discount meal ticket, no offer of free dessert, just apology and fresh basket of fries... 

Would love to go back to this place to try the beer and maybe appetizers. Being a huge beer drinker, would love to try the different brews. The appetizer menu looked pretty good too. 

I realize that any place can have a bad day. But first impressions are critical. Especially for food and restaurants. This will not be a place I would consider again unless the timing for Happy Hour presents itself...
We don't eat at many national chain restaurants.  But when we do, we prefer BJ's.
We've been going to BJ's for years. Since the first on opened in AZ. This one just happens to be a little closer to where we live now so we go to this one more often than not.

There is some good and some bad here. Good: The food is usually pretty solid. Havent really had anything here that I was unhappy with. The menu is huge so if you come with a med-large party, theres going to be something for everyone. They have a good selection of beer and a full bar. They have a great Raspberry Cider that my wife loves! The bar area is great for happy hour and a game.

Bad: They call this a brewery...and it isnt. Its a restaurant that serves beer that the OTHER BJ's makes. This might not matter to you but it does to me. Weak! Because they're not an actual brewery, their liquor license is different and they cant fill the BJ's growler that I bought. Oh well, I'll use it to hold my change and I'll get my other growlers filled at real breweries. We've also experienced "Dirty Lines" here before. They should have their beer lines cleaned more often or more thoroughly or both. 

Best part of the menu: Do not leave without having the Pizookie for dessert. It is one of the best things you can put in your mouth!
I had almost forgot I tried BJ's when I first moved to the valley some 8 years ago and was not impressed. Although the atmosphere was good the food just did not match. I did not return until yesterday when a coworkers birthday came up and so off to BJ's I go. 

I was really hoping after all this time maybe I misjudged this place. I have to say that the service was excellent. Our waiter, although very busy on a Friday afternoon, was attentive and friendly. The first misstep was when I unwrapped my silverware and one of my forks had dried food stuck to it, gross. Oh well this can happen I guess so I order a chicken sandwich with a wedge salad and side of shoestring frys. The blue cheese dressing on my salad was runny and tasted sour. The sandwich was OK and my frys were cold. 

So overall it was a fail, I guess I will give BJ's another 8 years and try again.
I've been to this BJ's many times and I have gotten great service & food every time.  They often have a wait to get a seat which is never a problem because it is never really long, they get you sat pretty quickly.  Clean restrooms and restaurant overall very sanitary (one little pet peeve).  The management team is also very helpful to their employees and are constantly walking around to make sure everything is going well.  The bussers are right on taking plates and breaking down the tables and the food runners are quick and like assisting
I have visited this location many times and the food and service is always excellent. I have only ever ordered their Buffalo Chicken Pizza but the company I have visited with have ordered their salads and they said they were great! Plus you get plenty of food for your money. For an added bonus their pizookie's are awesome!
The first time I went here years ago, I did not like it. I would not recommend their pasta dishes. However, the pizza's, salads, and sandwiches are all fantastic. The pozookies are one of the best desserts around! Service is always good, atmosphere is great! The Santa Fe salad and the Italian chopped salad are great choices and huge.
BJ's is a chain, but as far as chains go, they are better than most.  They have a huge menu, and I've never had a bad meal.  My favorites are the flat bread pizzas, bread bowl soups, and the sandwiches.  

The large selection continues with the beer, including a BJ's "brand".  I'm not sure where they are brewed, but it is not on the premises.  Some are better than others, and I prefer the Nutty Brewnette and the porter.

I've never had a real problem with the service, but with any chain it can be hit or miss.  Also, they are often very busy, especially Friday and Saturday nights, and you may experience slightly slower service due to the volume of patrons.  To avoid the wait time to be seated, you can call ahead and they will put your name on the seating list.

The happy hour is excellent, 3-7 on weekdays, cheap-er appetizers that are all pretty solid, and discounted BJ's beer.  The only problem is that you have to sit in the bar area, which can fill up quickly.

The take out service is very good, which is a plus since the restaurant can be so busy.  Little touches go a long way such as keeping warm food warm, not adding fries to the order until you arrive, and keeping the soup in a separate container from the bread bowl so you can combine them when you are ready to eat.  They also go over your entire order to ensure that it is exactly what you asked for.
BJ's...what has happened to you?
I always thought you were above average, but today was a terrible experience.  We arrived after the regular lunch crowd and had to take a buzze and waitr.  At least half of the tables were empty, so we assumed maybe some of the staff had called in sick.
We waited almost 20 minutes and were finallly buzzed.  Our waiter was way out in lala land.  He took our drink orders and brought have of them and then told the rest of us, "I had forgot what your ordered."  We both ordered...ice tea!  He was very unattentive.  We had to get up and find our own napkins and flatware.  After a hamburger was brought, we had to find our own ketchup and mustard.  We were brought wrong orders and were never offered refills on our drinks.
We were very disappointed in our service and the food was just OK.
Overall this was a pleasant dining experience.  The staff was friendly and frequently checked on us to make sure we were taken care of.  The establishment is clean and had a very casual, relaxed feel.

Our party of four were able to share a single large pizza, which tasted very good.  Although the meal was somewhat heavy, that's what you get when you order gormet pizza.  Okay, onto dessert: we ordered a Pizookie.  It's a cookie baked in a large dish with ice cream on top and it was delicious!  Eating here wasn't the healthiest choice but it sure was satisfying.  Would I eat here again?  Yes!  Will I go to the gym afterward?  Yes!
The interior is impressive and this might be great place to watch a game and grab a brew. However, the food quality is less than impressive. I will not come here again to dine. It is a waste of money for the bland please-everyone generic style of food they serve. No surprise that the menu has everything from salmon to corn dogs to spaghetti.
One of my local favorites.  Avocado rolls are delicious and the selection of micro-brews should satisfy any beer aficionado's taste.  

Love the atmosphere and the service is generally top notch.  (We had one experience where a waitress in the bar/booth section could have used a little more training is customer service and attentiveness)

Food selection and quality/taste was superb.  If you time it during their lunch specials and/or happy hours you can save some money.
Pizookie!
Pretty middling.  The Black and Bleu burger was a respectable middle-tier burger.  It came with "seasoned fries," but I'm pretty sure the only thing on them was salt.  I guess salt is technically a seasoning...

I had their on-tap root beer, which they tout as having a slight toffee and vanilla taste.  I would've liked to taste more toffee (hardly noticeable) and less vanilla.  I'm not a fan of vanilla; it makes a root beer taste a little too weak.  Give me more sassafras, maybe a touch more wintergreen, and drop the vanilla.  

Overall, it's not a bad meal for the money, but it's pretty unspectacular.  I guess you can't expect a whole lot from a pizza chain...
Never had a bad meal here.  The selection is great and the drink menu is much, much, much improved!
Elizabeth and I came over to BJ's after being thoroughly disgusted with PF Chang's next door... BJ has pretty good food, fairly good service and they seated us right away... There is not much that i would consider exceptional about BJ's except perhaps their extensive menu and the variety of choices provided.  There are plenty of Televisions and the selection of beer is great.  All in all "A-OK" is a bulls eye for rating this establishment... I had the Bleu Burger and it was very good.  My wife had the Miso Salmon over Japanese rice and she really liked her meal a lot.  The refills are sparse and you prctically have to throw a fit to get a glass of water, but this restaurant is a safe bet for a good meal at a fair price.
Great food and beer are a great combo!!

Best chicken dish I have ever had is their parm crusted chicken!! 

Caesar salad is always fresh and huge portion

Pair it with a Piranha Ale!!

We go atleast once a month!
A friend recommended this place to me I went in for lunch and had the fish tacos which you can have grilled or fried i had fried and it was delicious they had a number of dishes for lunch I will recommend this place to everyone the atmosphere is nice
I had dinner here a couple of weeks ago and it was good. Service was fine, food portions were huge, nice selection of drinks and food! My friend ordered a side salad that she returned because it tasted like the refrigerator.  Overall, the place was pretty good.
Cool concept and good customer service, but for the prices the food is not tastey.  My 
brothers chicken was dry and my salmon had no flavor.
BJ's is a regular haunt for my husband and I.  They have great selections of beer.  My favorite is the PM Porter.  The food is consistently good and they have an extensive menu.  My favorite is the shrimp tacos and my husband loves the french dip, their pizzas are also very good.  We always sit in the bar section, that eliminates the children, which can be noisy if you end up getting a table next to them.  The atmosphere is great, and the bar area has TV's with current sporting events playing.

The only downside is that the service isn't always great.  Also, I've witness the staff using the parking spots in the front for themselves.  This says to me the restaurant is poorly managed.  Fix that and you'd probably have a 5 star restaurant.
We've eaten here a couple of times, so this review is a summation of those visits. I have tried a couple of things from the light menu and a couple of salads not on the light menu. The light deep dish pizza is OK. It's an individual size pizza with grilled veggies. It's just OK. They don't smother the thing in cheese, which is probably the easiest way to keep the calories on this item under 600. I've also tried a chicken dish from the light menu. It was unremarkable. As far as regular salads go, the steak salad is OK, as is the seared ahi salad. The ahi salad is probably the best thing I've tried. My wife has been more diverse: she's had one of the baked potatoes (meh) and the spaghetti (also meh). It's not that the food is bad here, it's just unremarkable. We'll go back. My kid likes the place and there are plenty of things I haven't tried yet. One of these days I will actually try one of their beers (hard to mess that up).
This review is based on JUST the Superstition Springs location:
My favorite kind of pizza is from BJ's. My husband and I usually get half pepperoni and half buffalo chicken as toppings. Other than a Caesar salad and a pazookie, I have not tried anything else... so this review is based on just these foods alone. The pizza is extraordinary and just one slice will make you feel full! We tried the pazookie (ice cream with a cookie) a couple of times here, but I have had better elsewhere. Actually, their pazookie makes me a little sick. Their ice-cream tastes cheap and frothy. 

Normally, I would give BJs a 4.5 star review, but because of my most recent experience at the Superstition Springs location, I am going to bring my starred review a couple notches. We invited some friends to BJs and advised them they could not go wrong with the pizza! My husband has a fatal allergic reaction to olives, so we always make sure to tell the waiter to NOT put olives on anything he eats. BJs has usually accommodated this request, and I appreciate that. However, I feel that our waitress at Superstition was largely incompetent. Well, I was correct! While we waited for our pizza (which took an hour-- it has never taken an hour, okay?) our water glasses remained empty (for an hour people!) The waitress never came to refill our glasses. We were annoyed by it, and even a little embarrassed that we had raved so much to our good friends we had invited about the restaurant. When our pizza finally came, there were OLIVES on the pizza!
Great Sesame Chicken Salad!
I've been here on three different occasions. I usually enjoy in-house, micro-brew so that was the draw for me. However, I'd rate their beer better then an average tap bar but for a micro-brewery, it has pretty low points. In fact I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for the beer again. 

This place is kinda a bar/restaurant, trying to appeal to beer drinkers and family diners at the same time.It's a large, high ceiling dining area that does not distinguish restaurant from bar.  The result is a large, noisy, brightly lit cavern that I found too busy and over-stimulating. 

While there, my friend and I ordered drinks but we were coerced into a meal, mostly because the staff was constantly on us to order some food. On our last visit, the waiter asked us every 5 minutes if we wanted something to eat, no joke. When we finally ordered, he let up just until we finished our food. Then it was a constant interruption from him asking if we want anything else, sort of making us feel like we should not take up a table any longer if we're done eating. This was not one time, this is every time I've been there. Even sitting at the bar we got continually pestered into getting something more. The staff seems to be very high strung, sort of  like they drank 5 cups of coffee. 

As for the food, I found it highly forgettable, in fact, I don't even remember what I ate. It's just as all well because I won't be going back again.
The pizza is amazing and pretty much everything else, me and my boyfriend go here at least twice/ three time a month! :) service is a little slow but I've only been there when they're really busy
I kinda feel like BJ's is the working mans CheeseCake Factory. HaHa.

Favorite Appetizer is the Stuffed Mushrooms and their brewed root beer is pretty good. I like how there is refills on the brewed root beer. 

I've yet to get something there I haven't liked. I love the blonde shrimp and can't ever go wrong with their BBQ chicken salad.

The pizza cookie is pretty good. 

Service has yet to be sub par. I frequent about once a month. And its always what I expect.
Great portions, best dessert pazookie: cookie/ice cream. Always fast and friendly service.
First off  I been here a lot but first time I wrote a review,  The Service was good. The atmosphere is really nice and the Food was just Ok I tried The "Gourmet Five Meat" Mini Pizza. The oven roasted ham made it to salty other then that it was Ok. Like I said I been here a lot but have not been awhile it seems like they're going down hill on the the food hints the reason why I don't go often.
I am always pleased when I go to BJ's. Food and service is always excellent. I gave it a four star instead of a five star because of the way they changed how they bring the pizza out. It used to come out in a pan but now comes out on a plate. The result being it not as hot and crispy, still good but not as great as it used to be.
10-4-12 Went to watch Cards Game, Server was Brenda got there before Happy Hour ended, got charged full price even for the stuff orderer and drank before happy hour was over. Emailed BJ's to let them know I was upset - No Response. 

10-9-12 Met a friend at the same BJ's. Had one beer, just one and bartender didnt like the way I was dressed, cut me off said I had too much to drink. Granted in 5'2 and 111lbs, i can handle more than one beer. 

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. I simply can not and will not recommend.
This is the 1st time we've been to BJ's & we've lived in AZ always.  It was a pleasant surprise when we walked in & saw the decorating of the interior; loved the dark woods & the industrial feel of the ceiling; it was warm & inviting & felt like an Old World theme.  The food we ordered was very tasty; no complaints.  We had Rachel as our server; she was very pleasant & professional & helped me with choosing the right kind of beer!  The hostess was very sweet & seated us quickly.  I've read some of the other reviews before we went & was rather taken back by customers indicating the food was ok or the service was not good!  We had no problem & plan on going back once more to make sure & if we get the service we did this evening & the quality of the food we had this evening, we will bring back our friends to enjoy the atmosphere!
Went to BJ's the other night for the second time, bad mistake! Ordered their deep dish pizza; very dry with lack of incredance which I would not have mentioned, although the pizza came out cold. I told the server and she took it back to be warmed up. When it came back out after another 15 min wait, it was hardly warm! This happened to me on first visit to BJ's getting a cold meal from the kitchen. The manager did reduce the cost of my bill based on this, although after having this happen to me twice now, I won't be back!
It has been 2 years since my initial review and I still faithfully visit here. My current favorites are the jalapeno burger (they fry the jalapenos and they are amazing), the 5 meat pizza, and the oreo pazookie. They also added some new pazookies to the menu and the white chocolate raspberry is amazing. The service is always fantastic, love the atmosphere, and they always have a new list of seasonal brews.

They just started a loyalty card and I am saving up for the free $25 gift card. It is easy to use and I can check my balance on line. I am halfway there!
It's always a happy surprise when coming here , either in the way of a seasonal beer or a employee who hates their job. Either way the food is always what I expect And tastes the way I remember. If I want a sure bet I come here. Love the soups and pizza lunch specials and the to go service to your car.
Staff was not too helpful when I called to ask if they had found my debit card. Eat there but make sure you don't need anything from these guys cause they are not too helpful.
This review is for the food only.  Not good.  I chose the avocado egg rolls for dinner, one of the more popular items reviewed here and the waitress noted that they were a favorite as well.  I love avocado on practically anything and I hated these.  The texture I think is what got to me - the overly creamy middle of avocado and cream cheese with the greasy roll was just a fail.  I really wanted to enjoy these, in fact I kept trying to give it another chance with one more bite.   But it just wasn't gonna happen.
We are frequent flyers to BJs and have been for years!  I really like the food and my & I both enjoy their beer.  I have had a couple of experiences over the years where I have had an issue with the food not being cooked enough, or the seared ahi not being what it usually is, but they always correct it for us when we mention it.  This doesn't happen that frequently though.  We also have a favorite waitress here, but won't mention her name because she happens to be everyone's favorite and her section gets full with all of her following.  Most of the other staff is friendly and efficient as well.  
It is very busy there especially during snowbird season.  So either call ahead to put your name on the list or get over 1000 points on your rewards card so you can call and make reservations.  :-)
Pizookies & killer rootbeer!!! The foods good too btw....
My wife and I were searching for somewhere to have lunch on this side of the valley. We decided on BJs considering we had been there before and enjoyed our time.

We were greeted by the rudest hostess I've ever come across. At first we were ignored. When she finally greeted us her back turned to us and she was talking over her shoulder at us. She then sat us.
Our server was great!! She was very informative and gave us the perfect amount of time to look over the menu.
The food was good too. We had the mini bruchetta for an app. My wife order the mahi mahi tacos and I ordered chicken tenders. The price was just right for the amount. 
The reason this place did not get 5 stars was their rude hostess. Thankfully the service and good came through.
Worst service I have ever received
Love the Buffalo Chicken Pizza! I don't recall ever having anything that I didn't like at this restaurant though!
I do not get the draw.  Always packed, mediocre food and service.  Are we THAT desperate for a decent restaurant in the East Valley that we have to resort to this place?
I've been to the BJ's in Chandler (which I'm definitely not a fan of), but this one really surprised me.  The service was fast, the food tasted great, and everyone was really friendly.  Or basically the complete opposite of the Chandler BJ's in every way :)  It also wasn't too busy and was a great spot to watch the preseason game.  I'll be back for sure...
From what I could tell this restaurant is amazing. I chose a Cheese Burger with the Steak Fries and the Brewhouse Porter Beer. All that is left to say about this place is the food is great and the Beer amazing!
BJ's started a rewards program recently on a visit. This is a nice addition to an already really good restaurant. The salad portions have gone down which for $12 for a salad, cutting out the lettuce probably isn't a good idea! The pizza's are really good. They also have a really good fried jalapeno burger. They started a lower calorie menu as well and I was really suprised that they have a pizza on there which actually was good for so few calories. Still find their pazookie's the best dessert. The white chocolate macadamian is amazing and I want one just thinking about it!
My husband and I have eaten here a few times and not been disappointed...  we'll keep coming back ;o)
Very nice place. The burger I had was amazingly good. The place was very busy and the service was good.
I am a long time patron of BJ's -- absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant!!! I've been to many in Colorado and Arizona, and I do have to admit this one particular location consistently, time after time, gets my order wrong. I've sent back more dishes brought to me here than any other restaurant in Arizona.

If you order anything, be sure you want your  dish exactly how it's stated on the menu otherwise they will most likely get it wrong...

Food - great
Service - okay at best
Quality - okay at best
Wait-time to get your order - atrocious!!
This place is one of my guilty pleasures!  In my opinion, they have the best deep dish style pizza around.  Even though the menu offers a broad range of dining options (from Mexican to Asian fare -- good for picky eaters or big groups with diverse tastes), I'm always drawn back to the pizza. 

I also like the minestrone soup (a tad on the salty side though) and their wedge salad is really good -- also pretty decadent, drenched in blue cheese and dressing.  They make their own root beer which is amazing!  

For dessert, you HAVE to go with the Pizookie!  They expanded their flavor list so there are even more tempting choices.  If you're dining alone or feeling bad about all the fatty pizza you scarfed down, they have a smaller/personal size Pizookie AND if you can't decide on one flavor, you can do halfsies.  Pretty great!

Definitely recommend...if you're not on a diet  ;)
For my birthday every year, my parents come down from Payson to take me to lunch. We try to coordinate where to meet, and since I have a client in Gilbert, my boyfriend suggested this. Oh, and they wanted to go to Winco right after, so this seemed like a good spot. I had never in my life heard of the place. Sometimes, that's a good thing.
Today, though, it wasn't. Turns out, it's just a huge room with an even bigger menu. I chose the Cobb salad. 
Now, let me make one thing clear: If I am going to have a salad, I always get a Cobb salad. The Vig Uptown has my favorite one. I *know* a Cobb salad. The menu said it came with feta. F. E. T. A. on a Cobb salad. I asked the waitress to substitute the feta for blue cheese, remove the bacon (I knew it wouldn't be real bacon, and I hate bacon bits), and keep the dressing on the side. It also came with "turkey."
Never in my life have I sent anything back to a kitchen. Ever. But there was no way I was going to let this pass. I've seen enough Kitchen Nightmares to know that Gordon would have told the server to have the chef eat that salad, just to see how horrible their food was. And that's exactly what I told her. The "turkey" were a bunch of cubes of white stuff on my plate, that had obviously been frozen, and had as much flavor as the iceberg lettuce. There were chopped tomatoes all over the place, and my "cucumber" was a tiny slice off the end of the cucumber. (see photo)
She offered to bring me something else, and I declined. I didn't even want the free *$&#*$&# pizookie, that's how angry and disappointed I was. They took the "Cobb salad" off our bill, and we went on our merry way. 
My stomach was rumbling on my way home. I fear it's going to be a looooooooooong night. From a salad. The worst salad in all the land.
I will never, ever eat at any location of this hole again. I had no idea it was a chain, or I would have picked something else.
I've never cried during a birthday lunch with my parents, but I was mighty close today.
Very good service. ..food was outstanding. ..love it...A very memorable experience. ..and I'm in the restaurant industry. .exceptional service. ..very impressed...Veronica. ..was very professional at her execution and timing of our various dishes....I'm 1 happy customer:)
Bad night for service at BJ's. I ate here with 6 of my friends after they all got their food mine did not come out.  I figured it would be out in a sec... But no after 20 min of waiting I had to track down my waiter to ask about my food.  Only to be told by her I did not order anything.  Me and everyone I was with we're 100 percent positive I did order. The waitress was rude and not helpful and tried to make me feel dumb. Nothing worse than being treated like that in front of all my friends.  Once again horrible night for BJ's
Fettuccine Alfredo beyond belief dry and tasteless.  Grilled chicken dry and tasteless.  Prices way too high for quality of food. Beer was good though. Can't understand how this place is so busy.  Much better options available with local businesses. Avoid this chain.
My husband and I frequent this establishment often. The staff is always very friendly and quick, which we like. We love their Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza, but they've taken it off the menu. Most of the time they'll make it for us anyways, but a couple times, when ordering via phone we were denied our special request.
Very good beer selection, with rotating seasonal selections, with most going for $5.50.  A bit on the high side for me.  We ordered a vegetarian pizza with extra ham on half and the stuffed mushrooms.  The mushrooms were very tasty, came 6 to a plate, and were gone in a short amount of time.  The server in training put in the original pizza order in wrong, putting just ham on half.  They brought out this pizza already aware it was wrong, and brought another one out to make the order right.  Two pizzas for the price of one, good deal!! The pizza was very good, the sauce was sweet and the crust nice and crunchy.
Great service sitting at the bar for Happy Hour...cold drink after a long day and yummy app and pizza!
This location has really odd customer service. My group had three adults and a baby. 
The hostess tried to seat us in a 2-person booth. I strongly doubted that we could fit and, sure enough, when we all sat down, I could not sit entirely on the side I shared with another person. I couldn't see how even our plates would all fit together. The hostess was annoyed when we asked for another table, even though we clearly could not eat there and even though there were other tables available. 

The food was fine--exactly like every other BJ's I've been to. I'm just going to go to another location when I decide to go again.
I AM a fan of BJ's Restaurant.  This is a go-to place for me as I eat alone many nights and as a woman, always feel comfortable sitting at the bar.  The bar tenders are all very nice and engage in conversation when they can.  The food is always great and very tasty...they've perfected the signature dishes.  The flatbreads are to die for and the burgers just could not get any better.  Salads ( fav: honey-crisp chicken) are the best.

Thanks to the staff for all you do!
I love this place. Great beer. Must try the sampler if it's your first time. I love the Jeremiah red. The avocado egg rolls are another must have. Yum. The menu is quite extensive with a new lower calorie fare as well. I had the salmon with couscous. Desserts ...The pazooki is a must. It's a fresh baked cookie the size of a personal pizza with a scoop of ice cream.
Went here for the first time a few weeks ago. Got seated promptly, hostesses were friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Our server was Aimee. She was personable. However, we got there just as her section seemed to be filling up. She started looking overwhelmed. I ordered a small deep dish, it came out as a mini. I was disappointed but tried to let it go. Then we started seeing less of her. Our drinks stayed empty, some random server came over and took our dessert order. I asked for chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla and she said sure, but when it came out it still had vanilla. I don't know what happened there but it was still annoying. She brought me a water out with dessert even though that's not what I had been drinking. She brought my boyfriend refills the entire dinner but always seemed to forget mine. I had to actually correct her and tell her I still wanted refills on the drink I payed for. It sucks that our experience was sacrificed because she was overloaded and being seated with multiple tables at a time. Food was yummy, people were nice, but smaller sections to focus on quality of service or a better way of pacing the seating is needed.
I would give five stars. ..but I usually do carry out service here which is fantastic.  Amazing food and the cashier is so friendly and goes above and beyond. However with dining in experience the service I've had has always just been average and the prices are very high. Great upscale sports bar for the guys to take their ladies if they want something nicer than your typical bdubs experience.
Okay finally a review.  Typically I am in this place once a week, why?

For me two reasons.  Food quality & beer selection.  In the past few months they have paired back the menu thank god it was like the Cheesecake Factory way to many choices.  They have healthy choices for us actually looking for smaller portions and the ability to substitute vegetables for starches without an up-charge or making you fell guilty because they may have to write something down.

Unlike other places in the area they have there own craft beers, but actually carry selections that would compete with there own so as consumers we have excellent choices here.  I personally like the Parana Pale Ale which is there own.  

My wife and I sit in the bar area so are adopted (not really she's a Gator Fan... Roll Tide) daughter can wait on us.  Rebecca is by far the best ambassador for BJ's.  While she pretty much runs the bar (never stops) she also takes the time to greet each and everyone who sits at the bar, answers any questions and makes you feel like you are her only customer. While in the background you can see the drink orders pile up. 

So if you are in East Mesa and are looking for reasonable priced food, and a great beer selection, go in Wednesday - Saturday sit at the bar, yell out loud "Roll Tide" and the bartender who turns and gives you a dirty look is the one you want to wait on you.
A French Dip that's twice the price and half the size of Arbys, and almost not as good.
This is the old JT Whitney's. It was decent when it was JT Whitney's and now....well, it had potential but failed to deliver.

After a day or errands and hearing that Vintage had opened where the old JT Whitney's was, we decided to try out the new place.  Upon walking in it was nice inside.  They did a great job with the re-model and the place was welcoming and nice.

We were seated immediately and it was great to see a place that brews their own beer had some other beers as well.  PBR IN A CAN!!!!

We opened our menus and almost walked out at that point.  what a limited list of crap!  Here is what you can get...burger that probably is the same ol crap burger (aka: Great Dane), some sandwiches with no meat, salad, soup, and some sort of fish sandwich.  So, the menu have no variety at all and unless you are vegetarian or want a burger, you will not like the food at this place.

We decided not to be rude and walk out and get a few appetizers because NOTHING on the menu looked good to us at all.  We got Cheese Curds and Nachos.   The cheese curds were typical and not great and the Nachos were good but nothing I would want again.

The Vintage Brewing Company is not worth my time ever again.  Oh yeah, our waiter was not helpful at all and also did not know provolone was a cheese and not a meat.
New local brewpub that took over the location of what was a chain restaurant. Great atmosphere, very friendly staff. I'm vegetarian but thought the food was great - not just mine but my husbands as well, and he's no vegetarian. Simple menu based on WI classics: mac & cheese, roasted vegetable salad, burgers... not greasy or freakish, just well prepared and reasonably priced food.

No news on their locally brewed beer yet (because its not done a'brewing) but their beer list is outstanding. YES, outstanding. 

One final thing - we sat here with computers writing in the bar area for a good 2 hours and they staff was great to us. Free wireless. Great spot - recommended.
*Immensely* improved over JT Whitney's, which I thought was horribly depressing. It's been redone to be simple, warm, and comforting, with nice views of the ginormous fermentation tanks. No news on the home brewed beer yet, but great to have a solid brew pub on the West side.

Great local beer list, super solid pub food. I had the fish n chips and was pleased. Camped out on their free wireless without hassle at all. Just what the West side needed.
Just wanted to send out a "thank you" to Barnyard P. for the kind compliment he sent me on this review.

"Good of you to yelp so much, so we can all keep up with how damned clueless you are"

So, I assume "barnyard" is an owner or close friend of this place.  Thanks, you made me smile today Barnyard.  Now when you finally post a profile or review something....then you can message me again.

http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=LgYkIqEVtJK_ZJBYVeTj0Q
Been here twice since it opened. Once to eat and other for drinks.. 

I think its just what that spot needed! The remodeled interior is very well done! I love the nice big bar. The booths surrounding the bar can fit six perfect for drinks! 

Drinks were very good! Try out the sangria, and any of the ice cream drinks.  Yum!

The food was good also.  I had the pulled pork sloppy joe and I was happy with that.  I did think a few of the items on the menu were a little overpriced.. Thats why I stuck with the Joe.  It was very good though!

The waitstaff was very friendly and our bartender was really up on his game.

Now keep up the good work people and I think the Vintage Brewing Co. will be here quite some time. 

Can't wait to taste the currently brewing beer!  Sounds yummy!  Any day now.....
When JT Whitney's finally closed, and the long, slow process of turning the space into the Vintage was over, I was really looking forward to what it would turn out to be. Vintage Brewing is a great place to get a drink, but the food didn't live up to expectations the time I was there.  But you know what, if I can hope off the Beltline, and stop for a drink in pleasant surroundings, I'm not overall concerned if I'm not crazy about the food.  I'm curious about there in house microbrews, and will be looking forward to those in the future.
cheap = nice

besides that meh, almost no ambience.
I was excited when this place opened, the west side needed a cool hang out bar. Unfortunately out of the four times that I have been there, I have been disappointed.


The bartenders do not know how to make their special drinks, one bartender forgot to add the cranberry to the cosmo, which another bartender noticed and fixed.
On other occasions a few of us ordered some of the other special drinks, such as the champagne drinks, again, less than desirable.

The one time we went to try their beer, since it had finally been brewed, we ended up walking out because the waitor straight up ignored us for 25 minutes and as we were walking out he caught up to us in the parking lot and started yelling for us to come back.

The food sounds impressive on the menu, but its not.  For the price I would rather drive over to the Great Dane in Hilldale/Fitchburg.

We will continue to frequent Babes for drinks instead of the Vintage.   The vintage has potential and I hope that they correct the various issues.
Wow! For a place trying to build up a business, you'd think they'd be interested when an actual customer shows up at the bar. I came in looking for a friend I was meeting for lunch and was ignored as I searched the place to find him. When I couldn't find him, I sat down at the bar and was again ignored by all the employees who were busy doing whatever employees do when there are very few customers in a place. It always troubles me when I have no trouble seeing employees at a bar and they have trouble seeing me. Were there invisible customers lining the bar on either side of me? Was I invisible? Are they not paid to scan for customers? I don't know, but I walked out and waited for my friend at the ugly table outside in front of the building. I won't be giving this place another chance. And check out the almost identical post on Google.
Had dinner at the Vintage last night and enjoyed it very much. We started off with the House Smoked Salmon Dip. It was delicious, if a bit pricey.

I had the Blue Heaven burger,  and my companions had: the All American burger, the Hold the Meat Burger, and the Fish & Chips. Everyone was pleased with their food, and Mr. Fish & Chips declared it was the best fried fish he'd had in a loooooong time.

The decor is fun, without being twee. Service was good. 

All in all, I'd say this is a very nice, and much needed addition to the West Gate area.
My food was excellent (3 fish tacos and homemade pretzels with beer-cheese dip).  Portions were generous.  I took home a left-over lunch and sadly had no room for dessert.  Next time, I'll restrain myself with my main course.  Great beer, drinks, and wines!    

The place is run like clockwork and the staff was attentive and very professional.  The entire place is sparkling clean and orderly--including the bathrooms.  Yay!

They've taken a pretty big space and made it feel cozy, charming, and warm with lots of seating and lounging areas.  The decor features loads of fun, authentic, and enviable antique pieces and the atmosphere created is original.  Nothing is squeezed out of a tube here--antiques, not reproductions.  So many nice little touches--lamp light, bathroom toiletries, flowers, an old score board, etc....

A great addition to the neighborhood and Madison!
NOT just another JT Whitney's.  The food and service were excellent and the Brewmaster takes his job seriously.

I tried Oktoberfest, APA, Weiss and Dunkleweiss - all were quite tasty.  The Italian Job sandwich is a great meatless option and my wife's burger was good too. Good chips.  I'm impressed with their remodling work on the interior as well.
If you're looking for a good replacement for JT Whitney's, this is not it, at least from a non-alcoholic standpoint.  The menu is average at best--typical American fare at a brewpub.  The brewer's root beer and ginger soda were "meh" at best.  My party ordered 3 entrees--the shephard's pie, the chicken caesar salad, and 3 orders of the fish and chips.  The shepard's pie was bland and gravy-dominated.  The caesar salad was unremarkable and the ingredients weren't fresh--the roasted red peppers were straight out the can. 

The fish and chips were the worst part of the story.  We ordered the fish and chips and were asked what sides we'd like.  We were confused as to whether we were getting an additional side (other than the chips, which are in fact french fries, which every sane person knows and is what the menu says).  We were told no, that there was only one side.  Ok, we said, we'd like the chips.  The fish showed up with  . . . potato chips.  Really?  When we politely tried to explain that we had ordered the fish and chips, the person who brought out the food (who wasn't our server) got very defensive and said "well, you ordered the chips", but brought us a basket of underwhelming fries for free.  I'm not sure where the miscommunication or misunderstanding happened, but it was odd.  

The best part of the meal was the side salad that came with the shepard's pie, which was actually quite good.  The customer service was average at best.  We won't be going back.
Good food and quick service.
I am so glad I didn't review this place on my first visit. The service was absolutely atrocious to the point where we weren't sure if we'd come back. We decided to give this place a second chance, because the food really was great. I now count Vintage among my favorite Madison restaurants. 

The food is consistently mouthwatering and portions are more than ample for the price. And they nearly always have a different nightly food special to add on to their somewhat simple menu. 
For an appetizer you must try the heaping plate of nachos (add chorizo, YUM!) 

I am also quite in love with the beers they brew in-house. Truly a variety for every type of beer-drinking palate. And they have new stuff on tap all the time- with some especially tasty seasonal selections. 

As if the food and brews aren't enough, I am absolutely enamored with the atmosphere and retro decor! I always looks forward to my bill being brought to me on the sweetest little vintage plates!
We took a big group and it was another excellent experience.  I recommended the chips before...then I tried the fries.  Wow!  Best fries in memory!  I also tried the cask beer - think it was the Pale Ale???  Sooooo good (if you like that sort of thing - cask ale is just flat, warm beer to some but a rare treat to others).  Everyone loved their meals.  Our server did make several minor mistakes - seemed new to waitressing perhaps, but no big deal and still a great meal.
the stroganoff is AMAZING....I would have never ordered it, but our server recommended it.  (It doesnt say it on the description, but it is finished with truffle oil=YUM)... The flavors are so complex and delicious!  Cannot say enough good things about it. Highly recommend it :) also their 'trepidation' beer is quite good too.  Other people in our party liked the Mac & Cheese, Pork Chop with Sweet Potatoes, and the Fish Tacos.  Meatloaf was ok.  Overall, cant wait to go back.
We were determined to give this place a fair shot. Today was the third and final time we'll walk out of there dissapointed and over charged. First off, let me say that I do like the places ambiance and set up. But don't plan on stopping in for lunch and getting out of there under an hour. Saying the service is slow is an understatement. Our last visit was on a Sunday afternoon (a typically slow time) and our server didn't even take our entree order til after we had been finished with our appetizer for over 5 minutes. The food is inconsistent and leaves you wanting more. But what takes the cake is that we were upcharged a dollar for a side of mayo and then another dollar for a side of BBQ....the server never mentioned any kind of charge. There are way too many fantastic places to eat in Madison to waste your time here.
I stopped in here for the first time for a couple of post-work beers, and enjoyed it.  I had their oatmeal stout (very good), and their pale ale (fizzy and pretty forgettable, but fine).  We sat at the bar, and the service was attentive.  Our food was solid and arrived within a reasonable time.  It happened to be team trivia night, so my companion and I hung around for that - it may have affected the crowd's demographics a bit, but I thought there was a pretty good mix of people here.  I would definitely go back.
Not a huge fan of the location (stand alone building near strip mall) but the beer is top notch.  Great job last fall on the Rye IPA and this past weekend enjoyed thir IPA and a coffee infused brew.  

Have not tried the food but I do recommend buying a growler of their beer.
Limited menu, food not very tasty or unique.
Having a late weekday lunch at VBC yesterday was a real treat. Looking for an alternative to The Olive Garden to take my wife's grandfather to, I opted for VBC based on what I read here on Yelp. First I must say how impressed I was with the "vintage" decor. The lighting, chairs and tables as well as lots of black leather couches and seating gave the place a cool vibe. There was a roaring fire in the fireplace which gave it a cozy feeling on a dreary cold day. The menu is extensive with soups, salads, sandwiches, pasta and full entrees. I had the Ravioli with Andouille and chicken. It was quite nice. I washed it down with a VBC Weiss beer which was good---not great. My wife had the chicken pot pie that was REALLY GOOD. She had the Belgian style Wit beer. While I'm not a huge fan of this type of beer, this was one of the best I'd ever tasted. Service was friendly and attentive. Nice to have a new place on our list, next time we're in Madison.
The homegrown burger is likely the best burger in the world. Saucy, appley, cheesey and delicious. I dream about it.
Loved the Spring Bock and Sangria and enjoyed the Irish nachos more than I should have. My husband was not too excited about his caesar wrap, he complained that the lettuce was tough. Interesting, but true.
I was a little nervous since when we pulled up it looked like the place would be on par with an Outback Steakhouse, Chilis or any other crappy chain restaurant.  I think it's just the unfortunate location (random stand alone building in a strip mall).  Well the food and beers were nothing like what you would get in a chain restaurant.  I felt such relief when the food started rolling out and everything looked cooked to order and fresh (not frozen and warming under a heat lamp).  Everything that we got was exactly how we wanted it to be and our server was attentive but with just the right amount of sarcastic snarkiness to make us all laugh and enjoy our food and drinks even more.  I can't remember what I ate (sad) but I remember I got to order a Raspberry Tart on tap (god I love Wisconsin beer) and I ordered the house vanilla soda with a shot of Pinnacle Whipped in it.  Sooo perfect together.  All in all, lunch at Vintage was perfect and I would come back again.
Good food, if not a $1 or $2 over-priced. Great beer (local notice for their Hibiscuss Sasion) and try the Scardy Cat Stout, and the Max Stout! Dont forget the cheese curds!
Had a nice dinner and evening.  The private room was great for my brother's Wedding Rehearsal dinner.  We had a good time tasting the beers at our own private bar.  I enjoyed the different brews I tasted and ended up with a pint of the Hibiscus Saison.  It was nice and refreshing on a hot and humid night.  Dinner was yum yum.  I had the BBQ Beef Brisket.  Never had Brisket before and it was so good.  Nice balance of BBQ sauce and meat.  The corn was a little over cooked and think if it were later in the summer the corn would be better.  Service was great, friendly bartender and server.
I heard about Vintage Brewing while I was at a different stop on my Madison leg of beercation.  I decided to squeeze it in while I was in town.  I am glad that I did.

Vintage is located in a standalone building next to a strip mall.  There is plenty of parking.

The interior is large and new looking.  It is tastefully decorated with lots of wood.  There are a fair number of TVs but they are not overly obtrusive.  I sat at the bar in the center of the place.  It is a large rectangular bar with seating all around.  There is a big fish tank in the center.  The bar stools were comfortable and there was a chair rail for my feet.  They also had purse hooks for the ladies.

I had limited time to enjoy Vintage so I ordered the sampler.  I asked for one of everything they had on tap.  That turned out to be 17 beers!  I ended up staying a little longer than I had originally planned.

The selection of styles was very impressive and overall the beer was good.  There were a few lighter beers as there always is at these places.  They weren't bad, but just not my style.  The oatmeal stout was very tasty and so was the APA.  Of course I liked the barrel aged beer too.  There was an islay style beer that I found very interesting due to the unique peat flavor.  I am not a big fan of islay scotch, but the beer was worth a try.  I am not sure I could drink a whole pint of it though.

I was planning on eating at my next stop of the day, so I didn't order much in the way of food.  The fried cheese curds gave me something to munch on while working my way through the many beers.

Since I was at Vintage on a weekday afternoon, the place emptied out after the lunch rush.  It felt luxurious to have the whole place to myself.  We chatted with the bartender and the hostess who were friendly.  Our water glasses were filled repeatedly as we savored our collection of samples over a couple of hours.

Overall, I liked Vintage so much that I bought the t-shirt.  I liked the wide variety of beers and the atmosphere was nice.  I would definitely come back to this place if I was in the area again.
This is a gem for the west side and so glad I found it! 

I hesitated to go here for the appearance of the exterior. Plopped at the end of a parking lot for strip malls, and slightly dingy looking paint job made me wonder. But, was pleasantly surprised when we strolled in one Saturday afternoon for lunch to find a spacious yet cozy, updated dining area and bar. Good tunes too.

We've been here 4 or 5 times now for lunch and dinner. Portions are great. Apps are delicious - I've had the nachos, which are made with a homemade spicy nacho cheese sauce. And we've also had the f ried curds. These curds are far better than the great dane but not quite as good as the old fashioned, but give them a run for their money. 

Burgers are delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked and thoroughly seasoned. Fries are those awesome fat steak fries (you can get waffle fries too I believe). And, they've got tots on the menu. HELLO! My husband says the black bean burger is the best he's had anywhere too. 
Also super happy with the shredded pork mac & cheese - comfort food in a crock...imagine spicy shredded pork bbq topped off with bubbly mac & cheese. Super yum. 

The beers I've had are tasty, and need to spend more time trying even more of them. The only thing I wish is that they had an outdoor area.
Mushroom demi-glaze on the mushroom Swiss burger was absolutely amazing. Excellent non-greasy pub chips. Nice variety of veggies on the chef salad, but could have used more dressing. The innocuous-sounding cilantro lime vinaigrette is loaded with jalapeño so beware!
Much improved over the old J.T. Whitney's. Good happy hour specials.
All 4 of us hated our food. I had a build your own chicken sandwich. The bun was soggy, the avocadoes were brown, the onions were unrecognizable and it had a strange perfumey taste. Fries were super salty and I usually love salt. Asked for a side of ranch and got a tiny little cup and was charged $1 for it. Really? Everyone else hated their food and 2 out of the 4 of us got sick off of it. Never again!
Quick review: a typical brewpub that's trying really hard and falling just a tad short.  

Detailed review:
Met some friends here for a late night dinner and a round of drinks.  We arrived at approximately 8:30pm on a rainy Wednesday night; there was a musician playing his guitar just inside the front door.  The hostess offered us seats in a booth or "at the bar."  We opted for the bar, as there were four bartenders and not many patrons - we thought this improve our service odds.

We sat at the bar for several minutes, pondering the drink options.  Each of us ordered a different type/style of beer; from the golden sister to the oatmeal stout.  The beers were poured quickly, and the tab was reasonable - about $4 per pint.

We asked for menus and decided to try "AJ's homemade pretzels."  We also ordered a few plates of food - burgers, wraps, and the like.

The pretzels were first to arrive: two large, heavy, dense pretzels, with a honey mustard and a beer cheese dip.  The pretzels were almost "stale" in their make-up -- very dense, not really chewy, not really soft, not really hard... just, well, dense and almost stale.  We assumed that was how they were supposed to be.

The food orders arrived after about 20-30 minutes of waiting.  I was almost full from my half pretzel and 2 beers, but was willing to dive-in and try my pulled BBQ pork wrap.  

The VBC BBQ pork wrap was supposed to consist of pulled pork with chipolte peach BBQ sauce, lettuce, fried onion, and cheese.  Instead, it was loaded with over-fried bacon (all I saw/had in one half of the wrap was bacon), a teaspoon or two of pork, a dab of "sauce" and some lettuce.  It was also very watery for some reason; my wrap was soaked when I received it, to the point of being "gluey."

The tater tots that accompanied the wrap were over-fried and tasteless.  They had easily spent 5-minutes too long in the fryer.

My companions had similar results - a mis-configured chicken ceasar wrap (it was missing the bacon, which I'm guessing landed on my wrap, and it had raw onions) failed to impress; the burger was "fresh from the freezer" and loaded with artificial smoke flavor, and the salad was "ordinary" (as is most salad, in all fairness).

Worst of all, our four bartenders hung out on the opposite end of the bar, trying to look cool while chatting with regulars.  We would've said something about the food (and would've ordered more drinks), but it was difficult to get service.

The cost per person? About $20, with food, a drink, and splitting the appetizer... yikes.

Vintage Brewing Company = FAIL

Food = 1.5 stars (wrong orders, not too tasty, too pricey)
Service = 1.5 stars (absent, even with 4 bartenders)
Value = 1 star 
MISC = 3 stars (I love brewpubs, and I love local establishments)

Summary: Will not likely return.  If the place fell flat on a calm Wednesday evening, I can't imagine it during a busier time.
Nice atmosphere, tasty beer, and delicious, reasonably priced comfort food. The Hibiscus Saison was the perfect antidote for the summer heat. We split the Big Sky Burger, which was super tasty, and the tator tots with truffle oil (which was worth the extra $1.75.
Good local brew pub, but we didn't have anything that knocked us off our feet or encouraged us that it was a must return.

The dinner salad, and homegrown burger we had were good and well prepared.  The Whippoorwill witbier and Summer Sihat (sp?) beer were pleasant but don't stand above other summer craft beers we had enjoyed.
I love this place! It is the perfect "let's meet for drinks not downtown" place. The atmosphere is awesome and so chic. The bar is amazing and they have some awesome and fun drinks.  Love, love, love.
I've eaten here a few times, and the food always seems hit or miss. I've always tried something new - so I guess it depends on what you order. The service has always been excellent though, and the beer is definitely tasty. I like it, and will keep coming back.
Revisited the Vintage for lunch today, and had a better experience.  Our server was attentive, the food was excellent, and all things considered, I'd be more than willing to give the Vintage a few more tries.

Co-worker went with the cheese curds, and while not homemade, they were the battered white cheese variety and were very well cooked (see photo).  

I opted for the chef's salad and added a grilled chicken breast (at a pricey $3.25 extra charge; the salad was $8.50 plain).  The chicken, while petite, had a very nice charcoal/wood flavor and it was cooked perfectly.  The rest of the salad was excellent, although there was *maybe* 1/8th of an avocado and a total of three (3) cherry tomatoes... for a $12 salad, I was hoping for a tad more veggies...

My co-worker ordered the grilled-cheese cheeseburger... it weighed-in at a hefty $15.50 (!!!) but was pretty large - four slices of bread, four slices of cheese, a burger, ham, and chips (see photos).  He reports that it was excellent - the bread was perfectly toasted, the cheese perfectly melted, and the ham complimented everything very nicely.  He said the burger was quite dry, but some ketchup helped rectify the situation.

Vintage = IMPROVING (not quite a WIN yet)

Service = 4 stars (much improved with this visit)
Food = 3 stars (dry burger, semi-greasy curds, decent salad)
Value = 2 stars (coworker spent $27 for his curds, burger & soda; my salad and iced tea were $15 + tip)
MISC = 3 stars (decent atmosphere, as always)

Summary: Still too pricey for what you get, and it still falls a tad short of expectations, but the Vintage did a little better today.
I'm a self proclaimed "ale conner".  Vintage Brewing passes inspection.

There is a wide craft beer selection - over 10 house taps as well as about 6 rotating guest taps - IPA/APA, saisons, stout, wheats, Belgians, pale ales, Irish red, ESB, and others that defy classification.  They also have bottles and cans, primarily for the non-craft beer drinkers.

The food is moderately priced and fantastic - burgers, wraps, salads, steak, pot pie, meat loaf!   Also, they offer deep fried tater tots as a side!

There are plenty of TVs to catch a ball game, but Vintage is not a sports bar.
This is a very fun place to go. The atmosphere is like stepping back into the 50's and they even have old black and white movies playing in the background. 

The food is a B+, but also very reasonably priced. The Irish Nachos appetizers are excellent and they have good sandwiches. The fish tacos were also surprisingly good. The beers I've had are also great.
Have you even had their beer! Seriously though, try the beer. The Scaredy Cat Oatmeal Stout is great -my stand by order. The Shadow Planet is friggin dreamy, a must try!
My husband and I tried this restaurant because we had a coupon from the Bucky Book, and we are glad we did!  I had the BBQ brisket which was some of the most tender flavorful beef I have ever had.  They were also very accommodating when I asked to substitute mixed vegetables for the corn on the cob.  My husband thoroughly enjoyed his stroganoff, and we were both pleased that we were able to watch the game during our meal.  There are TVs everywhere, so you have a good view from wherever you are.  The service was excellent.  I will definitely be back!  I recommend giving the pumpkin beer a try if it's still available.
I originally gave this place 3 stars, but I'm now revising it to 1 because I believe it has seriously gone downhill. I remember eating at The Vintage shortly after it opened and was AMAZED by the quality of the food and everything was absolutely delicious. I've been here at least 6 times for dinner since then, and the last 4 times the food was horrible. I've ordered something new each time, thinking it might have been a fluke. But nope, every item I've encountered on their menu is consistently unappetizing.  

I was shocked when I ordered the bacon wrapped meatloaf this past week and discovered it was nothing at all like the meatloaf I had ordered in the past. It consisted of small, greasy pieces of meat with hardly any bacon. You could only taste the grease in the meat. The brussels sprouts were obviously frozen... even though they were supposed to be their seasonal vegetable. The mashed potatoes were runny and covered by a gravy that taste as if it came straight out of a can. This is a long and sad fall from the meatloaf they had on their menu a year ago - a meatloaf that was thick and juicy and probably one of the best I ever tasted. 

I can only assume that their entire menu has changed and all of it for the worse. My boyfriend ordered one of their burger specials and he barely ate half of it - it was the sloppiest, mushiest looking burger I have ever seen.

I will point out that the service at The Vintage has always been great, and I like their beer. I'll come back to drink... and it's a nice joint to do just that. But I'm staying clear of the food from now on.
Wow...we stumbled upon this place after flying in from the west coast. Super! Amazing beer selection, and delicious food. The pretzel appetizer was fantastic.

I had the veggie burger which was spicy with great flavor.

We sat at a table next to the bar which was lively and entertaining. If we are in the area, we will go back.
Hmmm...this one's tough.  There are many things I like about the Vintage- the decor and waitstaff being two.  Our most recent visit was less than awesome, primarily because my burger was ordered medium-well and came out bloody. The outside looked good, but when I cut into it, it was way underdone.  Our waiter took pains to make it right, and he verified that he'd put the order in correctly, so no fault there.  

My bigger challenge is with the menu itself- it's extremely caloric and heavy, with virtually no lighter options.  Even the salads are really loaded with creamy dressings and cheese, nuts, etc. Sounds yummy, but I don't want a big tummy. I noticed that almost everything on the menu was a dollar or two higher than comparable brewpubs, as well.

We'll likely return, but would love to see some less decadent options, and better pricing.
The menu is a couple bucks pricier as many point out, but still very good. The Tiger burger (prime rib on top of a buger) is amazing and many of their own brewed beers are very solid.

Pretty big place with a nice, old school decor.
I only had the beer, but I was very happy with this brewery's take on a wheat beer. The bar is very nice and designed in a square with the tvs and bartenders in the middle. There's a nice litte fishtank in the middle as well. The crowd was pretty small for a super bowl night, but decent. There was also an adjacent bar with table tops for two and stools. If you are staying in Middleton and are not trying to travel too far into Madison, this is a good stop.
loved the apple beer when they had it. PLEASE make again!  

Too expensive for food! WOW.  Big(ger) portions or not...it is rid-i-culously high in price
We have been here a couple times and will come again.  The food is a bit hit or miss, with generous portions, but a chicken dish that was way over seasoned and a bloody cheeseburger, have us a little wary.  

Overall it is a comfortable place to eat and the wait staff is attentive and helpful.  We would come back for beers, but stick to the sandwiches.  I had a ruben that was very good.
15 DELICIOUS micro brews on tap, and we tried a sample of them all, all fantastic. Full, local and organic menu- the fish tacos were spicy and delicious. Our waiter was awesome, friendly and had great recommendations. A little more expensive than the surrounding spots but totally worth the extra buck!!
One of our absolutely favorite restaurants. We come here lots and it's absolutely delicious, with great food AND great drinks.
We stopped at this charming little brew pub on a road trip and I absolutely loved the 1930s style atmosphere! It really adheres to its name. The beer, the food, and the service were great, and we had a wonderful time. I definitely would recommend this restaurant and look forward to giving it another try!
Oh my goodness. Brewing may be the claim to fame here, but this place REALLY knows how do to a burger right. 

I had the Home Grown Burger today, and it was absolute perfection. I ordered it medium rare, and it came out thick and juicy, and made a mess all over the plate when I bit into it - which is exactly what I want from a burger. There were sharp notes from the aged white cheddar cheese, sweet from the crunchy apple slices, tanginess from the apple cider reduction, and a subtle peppery bite from the arugula and black pepper aioli. I'm pretty sure that when the waiter came by to ask how everything was, I just made a ridiculous MMMMMMMMM sound. 

I realize that brewing is this place's claim to fame, but I was there for a business lunch, and could not sample any of the tempting concoctions. But with a burger like that, I didn't miss it. I also need to point out that this menu features something called the "Grilled Cheese Cheeseburger"- which is a burger with ham, two fried eggs, cheese, and onions, sandwiched between grilled cheese sandwiches. I could never order something like that, but I appreciate that it exists. 

We ordered the brownie sundae for dessert, and were pretty disappointed with the tough consistency of the brownie, but the burger was so good, I'm not taking away a star.
Vintage is a neat place. While the food is good, not great, the beer is always fantastic. I've had a couple menu items that i've really enjoyed, and a couple that were ok, but i continue to return. Beer snobs will love the experimental styles like the Pumpkin Ale and Habiscus Saison and beer guzzlers would enjoy lighter offerings like Daytripper or McLovin'. The decor is very rustic and invokes a sort of "vintage" Wisconsin feel. They are a good place to enjoy a couple beers with a friend or dinner with the family.
Amazing food and great service.
Nice ambiance.  Good beer!  I had the fish tacos, which were tasty.  Perfect crunchy texture to the batter!  Just enough spice, but not overwhelming.  I had a bite of the meatloaf sandwich which was also tasty.  Big portions, neither of is finished our lunch.
If you're familiar with the Vintage Restaurant on University, you know that this place has great food. Couple your meal with fresh, hand crafted beer, and you have a glorious repast.

Food portions are oversized, so expect to take some home. The burgers are all excellent (the one with bleu cheese is my favorite). I haven't had an entree (other than the fish fry), but I expect they are all exceptional.
Easily the Best Burger in the Madison Area and beyond! Great Beers too!

I've eaten here thrice, every time I have gotten the same "Home Grown Burger". It has apples on it which is different, but it adds extra juice to the already juicy burger. I have told everyone I know about this place but that is not good enough for my level of enthusiasm about this place so I must tell the internets. 

In tasting meals delivered to others at my table, I was not as impressed but then again I was comparing it to the Best burger in Madison.  You will get "5 star food" if you order a burger. I cannot vouch for the rest.


---A note for Beer lovers, and enjoyers: This place brews their own beer and has a good variety. It seems like the beer list is always changing but hey, I've always found something I like.
Back again.  Service terrible again - almost never saw the waitress even after we had to hunt her down a few times to address issues.  The pub chips this time were very sub-par.  Great tots, great beer as always.  I'm still a fan, though.
Great food, awesome atmosphere. New patio overlooks Whitney Way. Drinks are good and the food is very good. 

If you like the retro feel, the Vintage gives it. The old signs on the walls give you something to look at from time-to-time. It's comfortable and a great place to meet friends or groups. 

I'll be back again and again.
Vintage is a bundle of contradictions when you enter.  It's fancy...no, it's a bar...but there is a fireplace!...but it has a vintage diner feel...wait, sued couches in the lounge area...ahhh!

Almost like drinking high tea in your sweat pants, there is something that feels wrong about this diner meets classy pub that is just SO RIGHT.  There is the game playing on the big tv over in the corner, but you are sitting next to the roaring fire with your hubby so there is still the romance.  Win win in my book.  

I ordered the home grown burger which had white cheddar cheese, sliced apple, with an apple cider vinegar reduction, arugula, and a black pepper aioli.  I always knew apples went well with pork (chops and applesauce, applewood smoked bacon) but who knew fresh apples would taste so good in a burger? It was like apples and beef had a love child in my mouth, and I didn't mind.  

Go on Tuesdays.  

If you wear a mustache (real or fake) you get $3 select craft beer.  You can even buy a mustache at the bar for $1 which goes to charity.
Rolled up to Vintage Brewing Company after the game and as a stop before we hit the road back to Chicago.  I don't know if I was expecting a tiny little bar or an industrial park type joint, but I was thrown off by the expansiveness of Vintage.  The place is pretty big and fancier than I would have thought (I think the leather couches threw me off), has a nice sized bar (with a fish tank! I don't know why, but I love that), a view into the brewery through large glass windows, decent seating inside, and a large patio outside as well (where we opted to sit).  I ordered a sampler (make my own of course...but they had two pre-made flights as well) and some nachos for the man.  I didn't care much for the nachos (I am the pickiest nacho enthusiast alive) but the beer was pretty good.  

Here's what I tried:  

Daytripper- Decent ale but too light bodied and crisp (almost pilsner-y) for my taste.

Rhine Heights- Malty and smooth and hoppy enough to have SOME bite.  I think it was an Alt-Bier.
 
Better Off Red- Nice malty presence with a decent hoppy finish.  I could drink a pint or two of this no problem.

Woodshed IPA- YEP.  This is it.  Aroma is deceiving as it's hoppy and spicy with a nice malt backbone but doesn't smell like anything but grain.  

Scaredy Cat Stout- Strong espresso flavor with a nice vanilla-y finish.  YUM.
We have gone to this place a number of times. The food is good, the beer is good, the service is excellent. The atmosphere is very relaxed. You could be dressed in any form, formal to jeans and a tshirt, I always feel comfortable. The prices are not cheap, but they are not too expensive. 

Once we had a little issue with service. It was very busy and so we waited a while for a couple refills. Nothing big and given the track record, we didn't think much of it. However, the waiter apologized and gave us free drink tokens. They are very attentive and we always leave with smiles. 

Their Jinja Ninja beer is quite tasty!
Cool atmosphere but the veggie bean burger I got was too salty and didn't taste good...decent fries though.
I know none of us beer-lovers wants to admit it, but craft beer has become completely mainstream. We've tried almost every style of beer out there, and deep down, we're pining away for something more.

Which is why you should come here. In a city with a glut of amazing breweries and brewpubs, Vintage stands out because it does things differently than the other places. I always look forward to the bizarre and unique beer choices that I'll find each time I visit. Not to say that they don't also have very solid, classic styles of beer - the Woodshed IPA and the Derby Girl ESB are fantastic. I just love that I can also come here and try the Jinja Ninja or the bright pink Hibiscus Saison if I feel like mixing things up. If you come on Monday, the beers are only 2.50. Let me repeat that: amazing craft beer for 2.50 a pint.

And quite frankly, Vintage is clearly home to some really innovative thinkers. When I attended the Great Taste of the Midwest in 2011, Vintage had what amounted to a huge, swank lounge set up at their booth. You could laze about on leather couches, enjoying the brightly colored fish swimming about in the enormous fish tank while you sampled their beers. This, in the middle of a grassy field at Olin Park.

The atmosphere at Vintage itself is very similar. The place is dark, dark, dark, with low lighting, dark wood, and a beautiful aquarium behind the bar. There are many comfortable places to sit or lounge, and the dining area is similarly dark and comfortable. The icing on the cake is the brand new outdoor area, where you can eat or drink under the lovely little lights strung across the patio.

I generally go to Vintage for the beer, but I've enjoyed some good meals there as well. They have creative menu ideas that are generally well-executed. The portions are huge, so feel comfortable splitting an entree with a friend.
We were staying in Middleton, it was a rainy night, and wanted a good, close place to watch the SF Giants playoff game. Off to Vintage Brewing Co. we went. 

Upon arrival around 6pm on a Tuesday night, there was no wait at all. We ordered the pretzel appetizer that came with cheese-beer dip and mustard-beer dip. The pretzel wasn't that great, it was doughy and chewy. The cheese-beer dipping sauce was better than the mustard one.

I got the Home Grown Burger cooked medium which was just the right away of pinkness. The burger was sooo juicy. Slices of apple in a burger? Weird, I know. But the flavors complimented well with the slice of apple. It was a delicious burger. I would probably opt for the potato chips instead of tater tots had I know that potato chips weren't the Lays one but home made!

Overall a solid place for a burger! I'm looking forward to trying The Old Fashioned and comparing the two burgers :)
Great beer selection. Food isn't amazing but surprisingly good for a microbrewery. I'd definitely recommend this place.
Let me start with the positives. Great food, prices, waitstaff and location. It's a lot more mellow and upscale than the downtown location and great for watching a football game. The food is great. The menu is fairly standard, but the quality of the food is the real kicker! It always tastes freshly prepared and very flavorful. They have some solid apps too. I may go back just for those.

Oh, Vintage, how I want to be impressed with your beers, but am continually disappointed. Out of the four or five beers I've had from Vintage, I've never loved a single one.
Our of this world phenomenal! Lived every bite. The hoof wings were a treat, the cheese curds delicate and awesome; the bbq Mac & cheese blew me away. It is a bed of pulled pork covered with Mac & cheese. House made root beer and cream soda were killer.  One of my favorite must-hit places in Wisconsin
Since my first review, I've had the fortune of visiting Vintage and having dinner at least eight times. I have yet to find something on the menu I don't like. And now that they've opened the patio, they've become one of my favorite places for summer dining. Try the fish tacos, the BBQ Mac & Cheese (it sounds like stoner food, but it's amazing), or the meat loaf sandwich. If you're not in the mood for rich fare, the buffalo chicken wrap is awesome. And, of course, the beer menu is variable and delightful, but probably best for those with an adventurous palate.
Love love love Vintage Brewing Co! The atmosphere is mircobrew/supper club/grandma's house circa 1960. Beer list is varied and the drink list is full of fun retro cocktails. The menu is awesome! If you love good burgers and comfort food, this is the place. Other than the burgers and sandwiches the rest of the entree menu feels a little like what you might expect to be fed for a Sunday night family dinner. The cheese curds are amazing!

My only complaint they've taken seasoned fries off the menu. Bring back the ranch fries!
I went in on a Friday and of course they had a fish fry.  The nice thing about the place was that it did not overwhelming smell like fish.  This is a definite plus.  It was crowded and loud, which of course at a brewery you would expect.  However, it is was borderline annoying as you could barely converse.

My group had the Irish Nachos as an appetizer.  They were ok but not for the price.  It is a loaded baked potato cut into slices.  I will pass it on if I were you.  It is just nothing outstanding.

I had the BBQ Mac & Cheese.  It was amazing.  It comes in a casserole dish and the pork is baked under the noodles.  The presentation was beautiful, the meal was delicious and it was definitely worth more than the price.

My husband had the fish.  It comes with 1, 2 or 3 pieces.  The pieces are as long as the plate.  He was very satisfied with his food and had to take a piece home.  He ordered the 2 piece meal. 

Overall, I give it a 3.  I liked it, I loved my dish, but the overall atmosphere just did not make me feel comfortable.
Earlier this evening, I dined at Vintage, a restaurant that I frequent on a weekly basis. My experience tonight, however, was one that makes me never want to go back. 

The menu is rather limited, so there are a few sandwiches I often choose, one of which being the Crispy Buffalo Sandwich. When I received my plate though, I could not pick the sandwich up, as the bun was saturated with sauce and the cheese was falling off, making it incredibly hard to handle. When I asked the waitress to have it re-plated, she gave me a bit of attitude, but told me they would refire it - of course, I said that was fine and I was happy to wait for a new sandwich. But when I got the sandwich again, I was given a deconstructed version it because, as the manager told me, I wasn't satisfied with the original one so I may as well plate it myself. He then continued to blame me for the problem, even though I assured him that I order it often and it is always well plated and tasty. 

I found their "customer is always wrong" attitude abominable. I have eaten at many restaurants, from 1 star to 4 stars, and have never received such unpleasant treatment. Not only will I never dine there again, i will encourage friends and family to avoid Vintage as well.
holy cow.  or fish.  We went to the Vintage for a work celebration lunch with about 12 people.  The service was good and we sat next to the fireplace.  The food was fantastic.  I had the fish sandwich and pub fries which was excellent.  The sandwich had 2 huge pieces of breaded fish and a toasted bun with a pitch-perfect sauce.  I took 1/2 the sandwich home as did 2 others.  The pub fries were as expected and delicious.  Others had the meatloaf which was good and grilled cheese did please.  I would go again, maybe have some beer this time.
I have not had a meal here yet, so I can't give it a better rating yet.  However, a few weeks ago, when the weather was still very warm, I had some drinks and appetizers on the outside deck and was very impressed.  Very good apps, vast beer selection, and great service.  It they keep doing this, they will be successful.  I will update my rating after I have a meal.
Man oh man! Why is it that most places in this city have trouble cooking a burger to the right temperature? I've started ordering rare burgers at restaurants in hopes of getting something less than a chewy over done burger. 

Congrats Vintage! That black and bleu burger was probably the best burger I've had in Madison. It was seasoned well, had a great crust, cooked to the requested temp, tasty toppings and a sturdy bun. Yum yum yum! The prices on some of the burgers are high (up to $15), but when you consider the size (1/2 lb. patties) and how damn tasty they are, it's worth every penny

 To top it off, I had an incredible beer: Toil & Trouble. I've never tasted anything like it and I'm at a loss for the right descriptors...sort of a sour ale, but totally different. Here's the description: Spiced with heather tips and mugwort (no hops), brewed with a portion peat-smoked malt, and wildfermented for a pleasing tartness... unless your name's Beowulf, you've not tasted an ale like this! Don't hesitate on this one...it's limited and our server warned us it won't last long. 

I can safely say, if want a good burger and brews head out to Vintage.
Vintage Brewing Company definitely brews some strong beers. I enjoyed my "Scaredy Cat" - a pitch black beer (Oatmeal Stout). I must say, I haven't traditionally been a fan of dark beers, but I have really started to find ones that I enjoy and this... this is one that I can add to my list.

Now, the food. I made a mistake when I ordered the Grilled Cheese Cheeseburger. Yes, it's a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, burger, fried egg, and another grilled ham and cheese sandwich. Which, yes, that is a lot of food - and I went in with the intention of saving extra for lunch the following day. Plus, I've had a similar sandwich in Winter Park, CO and loved it. For me, the ham in the ham and cheese just tasted 'off.' I don't know if the ham went bad or if it was simply one too many ingredients.

I think if I go again, I will stick to something a little more simple, such as the Home Grown Burger (I hear that is one that I need to try). I will also be stopping by their downtown locations, I hear there are some great drink specials there and I want another Scaredy Cat soon!
Oatmeal Stout, Yes! 
Fish Fry, Yes!
Great bar burgers, Yes!

The Vintage is clearly a great place to have a social gathering or just a random Friday night. 
If you love beer, you will love the Vintage. 
When you order food, you will most likely be taking some of it home. They give you decent servings. Plus, if your like me you will be filling up on beer as well....
This place is hit or miss for service. They're really busy Friday and Saturdays. But, if you have an evening during the week I would suggest hitting it up.
Plenty of parking!
This is probably a sacrilege but I'm not a huge fan of beer. That being said, their scotch ale was really good. It was oddly light and had notes of caramel with a clean finish. Their stout was waaay bitter and devoid of the coffee notes you'd normally expect from a stout, but would pair well with a dessert, I think. 

Anyway, as far as the food goes, I was floored. They have this menu item called Irish Nachos. It's thick, crispy potato slices with bacon, ranch, and herbs on top (and probably other stuff but I'm drawing a blank). Srsly, it's phenomenal. I also had their "locavore" burger option, the Home Grown Burger. Local, grass-fed beef with white cheddar, apple slices, arugula, and an apple cider reduction sauce with a side of black pepper aoli. Oh yeah--I asked for it done medium, and it was cooked perfectly. I'm pretty sure the clouds parted and I heard singing when I took my first bite. Then I ate until I wanted to die...and I would have died happy.

Also, I had this near-cathartic food experience while warming up by their fireplace and watching some bizarre, dated, bawdy Britcom/musical on the television. All in all, an excellent experience.
Didn't know the kids menu was the same as entrees. The Mac n cheese was hardly enough for a small child.  The Bee's Knees beer was lame.
Great beer selection and foosball! Go fight win
I don't drink and so can't comment on the brews, but been here twice now for dinner. For Madison / American food, it was pretty good. The first time was for Restaurant Week; can't remember the exact dish but it was excellent. Wraps and burgers also good. Not too loud and nice-casual. Dark, modern-retro styling and black-and-white films running on silent all night.
Totally love the food and beer!!!
This is my favorite brew pub in Madison.  The beers are generally excellent, the upscale tavern fare delicious.  I steer friends and family here whenever I can.

The hog wing appetizers could be a meal unto themselves, if you ordered at least one per person.  Their calamari is perfectly breaded and fried.

My wife loves their stroganoff, and BBQ mac & cheese.  Both are wonderful comfort food dishes.

I prefer their bacon-crusted meatloaf, either as an entree or on a sandwich.  The combination of bacon and the spicy ketchup elevate an already moist and tasty meal well above what most folks think of as meatloaf.

My only complaint about the burgers is that they may be too large, with each featuring a half-pound of local beef from Knoche's.  I recommend the tiger burger, which they top with roasted mushrooms, caramelized onions, lots of provolone, bacon, and prime rib.  It's so good I barely look at the other burgers on their menu.

Their beer dinners, with several courses of even better food paired with short pours of beer, are amazing.
The Vintage isn't my favorite brewery-restaurant combo in Madison, but that probably says more about this city's plethora of glorious brewery-restaurant hybrids than the Vintage. I used to come here more often when they had trivia (frankly, I'm not sure why they stopped - the place was PACKED for it on Tuesdays). I can't give it a much higher score, though, due to some snafus that I've had while dining here.

First, the good stuff. When everything goes according to plan, the staff is friendly, welcoming, and attentive. The beers are excellent, and there are almost always specials of one sort or another on various drinks. Hibiscus Saison isn't often in season or in stock, but when it is, it's a tart, fruity glass of deliciousness and quite possibly my favorite summer beer. A welcome surprise is their mixed drinks, which often fall to the side in brewpubs. Their sangria is a personal favorite. As far as food goes, I'm a fan of the cheese curds (although they're quite greasy), the meatloaf sandwich, and the Big Sky burger. The bathrooms are well-stocked (points for any bathroom that includes hand lotion at the sinks) and clean.

Now, for the less-good stuff. First, they won't seat your party until everyone is there. I know this is a common practice in most larger cities, but it's still enough to raise an eyebrow in Madison. Second, the beautiful outdoor patio has so much potential, but there are some significant problems. A lot of places will have some sort of mosquito deterrent in the form of citronella candles or torches, but that isn't the case here; I was eaten alive in the five minutes I was outside. Also, we had the misfortune of being seated directly under a pair of speakers with music so loud it was difficult to have a conversation; at times it even felt physically painful. On this occasion, my companion and I moved indoors due to these factors, making sure to speak to a server before we were moved indoors. This is where things began to unravel. The music was still extremely loud, especially considering this was a Monday night and the restaurant had very few people in it. There was only one other table of diners in our section, and it would seem that our move led to us being seated in customer purgatory, since neither of us could get a server's attention the vast majority of the time. There was one slightly-older female server who took pity on us whenever she saw us and made sure we had what we needed, made sure our food was tasting good, etc. However, I don't think it was her section, so we didn't see her often and would desperately try to flag down a server, sometimes waving our arms at the servers who congregated by the patio door to chat with each other and who were doing a great job at ignoring us. The noise level in general is fairly high, with practically nothing to dampen it. There are also some items on their menu that are ridiculous or bland/stale. The pretzel appetizer is tough and appalling. The spinach artichoke dip is fairly bland, and it would go much better with baguette slices than the tortilla chips that are served with it. The Irish nachos are anemic and fairly flavorless. And the grilled cheese cheeseburger - which substitutes an entire grilled cheese for each half of a burger bun - is a foot high, impossible to eat, revolting in concept, and seems like a transparent ploy to get Adam Richman to visit.

I'll still be back for more Hibiscus Saison, though. Mmm, beer.
Excellent Bruschetta and Wraps! Nice patio seating.
I enjoyed my experience at VBC. I went with a group of friends for dinner on a cool summer night. We sat on the patio, which is really quite nice.

Our waitress was ok. She didn't tell us about any specials up front, and when we asked, we weren't particularly blown away by them anyway. She also seemed unsure of what kind of soup they had. I think she was maybe adjusting to using a tablet to take orders. Whatever happened to writing them down?!

Started with some beers and the chips and beer cheese dip. The appetizer was warm and flavorful. They were out of several beers, which the waitress listed so quickly that I forgot which ones they were and tried to order two of said beers. None the less, I eventually got the hibiscus saison, which was a beautiful color, dry, and bubbly. I really wish that they offered a tasting flight, but I didn't see it on the menu anywhere. Everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their beer choices too, but it would have been nice to sample them before ordering.

I had a chicken wrap and tots. Loved the tots! Nice and crispy, and well-seasoned. The chicken wrap was a bit unbalanced in its assembly-- lots of lettuce in one half, chicken in the other. Still, it was really tasty, just required some reconfiguring.

We lingered on the patio near the end of the night (a Tuesday) and I didn't feel as though our waitress was really laying pressure on us to leave, which is nice. As a former waitress, I can appreciate wanting to get out of work on time! They sort of cleaned up around us, but let us wrap up in our own time.

Overall a pleasant experience!

EDIT: I was back at Vintage and now they offer "flights" in the form of sampling glasses. There's no set amount you have to get, and each glass is $1.50, unless it's over 7% alcohol, then it's $2.
The Vintage has some of the best beer in Madison. They always have a great variety of beers to choose from and excellent food to boot. My favorite beer is the Woodshed IPA.  The perfect match for the patio on a hot summer day. Plus they have a grilled cheese cheeseburger, yes thats right, a cheeseburger between two grilled cheese sandwiches!
busy place on a friday night.  had their scaredy cat oatmeal stout, and it was very smooth.  i would have had a couple more if i wasn't planning on eating a lot of food.  their house made fried cheese curds were definitely fresh, and probably the highlight of the meal.  my girlfriend got the homemade beef stroganoff, and raved about it.  i got the bacon wrapped meatloaf, and i was a bit disappointed. it was probably 2-3 days old.  it was cut thin, and the meat itself was very dark and near dry.  the green bean side was cooked perfectly, and i can tell they use fresh produce and vegetables.  i would go back, but i would stick more to beer flights and appetizers.
Yum, yum, yum!!! We had a long wait due to short hand staff, but the food was amazing!! The burgers are so good and there are a ton of sauces for your fries! Start with the pretzels for an appetizer too!
Let's face it: you probably go here for the beer rather than the food (which is not bad--solid bar fare).  Everyone at my table enjoyed their food.  The stroganoff was highly recommended, as was the tiger burger and the chicken pot pie...but I haven't personally tried them, so I can't vouch for 'em.  I had the hilarious idea that I'd go light and order soup, so I opted for the white chicken chili (it SOUNDS light, right?!). It turned out to be a roux-based, cream-laden, sour cream and cheese-bedecked stew that--while being very tasty--was undoubtedly in the quadruple digits for calories.  The beer though.  Woodshed IPA....yum.
This was a last minute decision for dinner...on Badger Football game day....on Family night.  So literally every place was packed and every place had a wait of at least an hour...so our expectations were low.  

The hostess was very nice and reasonable on her time estimate for 2 people (20-30 minutes, I think we were seated in 20 mins).  She came and found us in the bar where we were enjoying some delicious Pumpkin Disorderly.  We watched as waitress after waitress kept passing us by before we flagged one down and told her we were ready to order.  Despite the poor service, she apoligized and told us she thought we were already being helped because we already had drinks (that we brought over from the bar).  Simple mistake, its busy and she was honest with her response which I respected.

The food was awesome.  Mainly burgers and bar food -- I had the pinapple and cream cheese burger with waffle fries.  You could put cream cheese on a shoe and I'd probably eat it but honestly this was really well done.  It was a thin slice of cream cheese, not a glob, and it was matched perfectly with the sweet grilled pinapple.

Reasonably priced and we were in and out within an hour.  I would check out this place again.
For a small brew pub, they sure do make a tasty beer.

And the names?  Yes, I WILL have a McLovin.

When you think of brewpubs in Madison, Vintage may not be the first mention.  Now it definitely will be for me.  The beers made here are incredibly good, and there is quite a good selection as well.  The food is also excellent as well.  I had the chicken pot pie, and while it ended up more like a chicken pot pie soup, it was still good.  

This is a great choice for American style food and most definitely a great stop for beers.
Great menu, lots of items to choose from! However, if its Friday- get the fish fry! Do it and thank me later. They also offer tater tots on the side, which is kind of my favorite thing ever.
Nom nom nom good food and even better beer, this place has changed hands over the years but Vintage has finally pulled it off, fast service with good food is a homerun anywhere but here it makes you come back.
This was my second time at vintage. I had the home grown burger and it was off the charts. I washed that down with their IPA and the Pumpkin Disorderly (a pumpkin ale that only comes out this time of year) awesome place to grab a beer and some quality food.
Hot tip: Mondays feature $2.50 pints (for beers that are under 7% ABV)

I've been to the Vintage at least 20 times this year... (I might have a problem)

+ Love the interior; old bar schwag, retro tables and chairs, the fish tank

+ Great beers. They'll offer you samples if you're uncertain about one or two.
+ Reasonably priced growler refills - take some home with you on the cheap!

+ Great place to meet and chat with friends/coworkers/etc

- Service is so hit-or-miss, especially at the bar. There area a few *awesome* bartenders, and they rock big time. There are a few that are aloof and not very helpful... all of the time. Grrr.

+ Interesting menu
- Not all items are as good as they sound
+ Tots are amazing
- I eat too many tots

- Bands. No. Too loud, and too cramped.

Overall, I'm a fan. Just wish more of the bartenders were a little more friendly and helpful.
My fiancé and I headed to Vintage Brewing on a Friday night to celebrate his birthday. The beer was outstanding and food was pretty decent. It was however, a bummer to find that three of their top beers were out and on a Friday night. Overall, the experience was decent and for any beer lover it would be perfect.
Great beers and good services but not impressed with the foods. Friends both ordered the Friday special fish fries, and I the fish tacos. They turned out basically the same thing except mine was on soft tacos with some oddly-flavored coleslaw (with miso dressing?). Fish was flavorless and too much breading. Tots and soups tasted good. I might go back just for the beers and try burgers next time.
Whenever I'm on the West side of Madison and am thinking food. I'm thinking BBQ Baked Mac & Cheese at Vintage Brewing Co. Not only is it one of the better mac n cheese out there...but it has spicy bbq pulled pork as a base then a nice layer of creamy pasta then topped with seasoned bread crumbs. It's a must try if you go. 

And pretty much you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Their burgers are fantastic (Big Sky Burger is pretty badass). There's also the bacon-crusted meatloaf with a side of mash potatoes and veggies...pretty awesome indeed. And recently I just tried their Asian Pork Belly Bites from their appetizer menu, sweet and savory, melt in your mouth goodness served with wasabi/cilantro aioli. Muah.

And I'm giving this a five since they've found a way to really heighten up the flavors in American cuisine, providing it at affordable prices and they brew their own beer, which is another speciality they have.

http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2013/02/vintage-brewing-co/
Heads up! Get to this place early if you want to eat there special.

5 stars for great tasting food, minus 2 for and an unfriendly hostess.
Mondays feature $2.50 pints (for beers that are under 7% ABV) Wed it is $3.50 I think!

There are always new beers to try and 1 or 2 on cask!  Burgers are some of the best in Madison.  Cheese Curds need some work, however.

Some will not like that they get busy, but this is a sign of how well received they are.  You will have to wait anywhere on a Fri or Sat night that is even half way decent.  

My biggest knock on the place is that they do not update their web/facebook page on thier beers.  It is a brew pub, so tell us what beers are on!  Also their bar staff can be hit of miss, sometimes it fells like they don't want to help the people around them.

All in all HIGHLY Recommended.
Their rotating beer selection is legit. A staple year round selection is the McLovin
The Irish Nachos..and maxmillion awesome combo..Party in the mouth..We had a sandwich on marble rye bread,,,the out side crust was dry.Over all though looking to try some more foods,and beers.Their  Scarrty cat was on the tame side for a dark beer lover like me..But it was still a good pint *-*
We just had one of the best meals in recent memory at vintage brewing.  They have the best Weiss beer I've had outside of Munich as well.
Giving Vintage full stars for they exceed expectations. Went there again last Saturday night for dinner. The last time we were there we had their burgers and they were amazing, one of the best in town. Anyway, on this night we started with the Asian Pork Belly Bites as an appetizer. We were worried about portion size as these are more of a gourmet app than cheese curds. Well, we got six huge pork rolls that are deep fried, rolled in  sweet Thai chili sauce and served with wasabi-cilantro aioli and pickled veggies. Okay, I truly believe this is the best appetizer I've ever eaten in Madison if not of all time. Epic must have.
For dinner Jack wanted the meat loaf, but he wanted to be daring and tried the Pot Roast Balls - a pot roast dinner, beer battered & deep fried. Three chimi-like balls that contain braised beef short rib, roasted carrots, caramelized onions & roasted garlic mashed potatoes and served in VBC Scaredy Cat Stout beef gravy. While it sounded really good, the deep fried battering just didn't quite go with the contents, but accolades to the chef for daring to be different! They weren't bad, just didn't hit home that night.
I ordered the chicken pot pie and they did it right. Perfect flaky crust and the correct contents and consistency that most restaurants have not been able to pull off.
Accompanied by their IPA and a great (and cute) waitress, this is a place we will definitely return to soon. Heard their nachos are incredible.
Kissy
Ok place.  Service was good.  Nothing to write home about. Lots of parking.  There are better brew pubs in town if you are looking for good beer, but not many that are bigger.
Nice location. Waitress was ok, nothing special shall I say. Nice setup but it was very dark in there. It wasn't crowded but she sat us in between 2 other groups which was puzzling to me. You can try a few samples but the waitress acted as she was getting annoyed and kind of pushed to order a beer. My boyfriend ordered a double grilled cheese burger, another friend got the surf n turf as I ordered BBQ tacos smh. What was I thinking? They brung out 2 huge burgers. The grilled cheese had 2 cheese sandwiches with a huge burger in between with 2 friend eggs including tomatoes, lettus and onions. Huge! Surf n turf was 4 jumbo shrimp on a huge burger topped with cheese and hollandaise sauce! Perfection! Besides the the waitress acting as we annoyed her and her sitting is in the crowded area and it being dark. The food was good except those damn tacos. Boy was I pissed when she sat those burgers down next to my bullshit taco dinner SMH! She could at least warned me lol!!!!
Vintage is a great go-to place for dinner and drinks. I recently went for a friend's birthday on a Sunday night. Plenty of tables available for our large group. 

Great house-brewed beers, and a large selection for a microbrewery. The food is great, awesome burgers, tater tots!, and the pizzas on their late night menu are tasty.
I remember eating at Vintage a couple years back and not really liking it, and things apparently haven't changed. Everyone's food tonight was pretty bad, and we won't return.

First of all, it's way too expensive. Some of the burgers are like $15! I opted for the Chipotle Turkey & Bacon ($10.50) only because the menu made it sound really special. It looked and tasted like something you'd get from Arby's. My friend's Chicken Pot Pie ($11.75) was a muddled mess, and several dollars too expensive. One of us went with the Crispy Buffalo sandwich, and that was a confusing disaster. It's a ground chicken patty slathered in buffalo sauce. Why ground chicken?!  Doesn't that technically make it a burger?! It was disgusting. Lastly, one of us ordered the Southwest Chicken salad, which was also a confusing mess. I guess you'd call it a deconstructed salad. It was weird, and my dining companion struggled with it. 

The only good things about our visit were the beer and the staff. The beer was decent and every employee we dealt with was fantastic. A shame about that food, though. Blegh.
"I don't wanna talk down about the place. The beer is good, the place is good, but the stroganoff sucks dick" - Nate T.
-4 stars for the food that my date and I had, +1 star for the wait-staff service, and being seated quickly during an extremely busy Thursday night.

My date got the chili - only ate half of it. There was so much cheese in it, and she said it tasted like spicy marinara with beans.

I had the beef stroganoff. It was so oily, that there was an oil slick underneath. It also caused me to have gastronomical issues for the remainder of the evening.

I might go back to try a burger...
Well I will preface this review with the fact that I was here for dinner and not for drinks. It seems like a great place to grab a beer. However here are my thoughts on the food. I got the fish fry and it was ok. Nothing to brag about but decent. 

The place is noisy so if you are looking for a place to have a conversation this is not the best venue. But it is large so it is good for a bigger group of people, which is how I ended up here.
I've waffled between 4 and 5 stars for vintage but I'm back to 5.  Our last 2 visits the service was perfect.  We had a long hiatus between the last visit and the one before and the menu seems to have been greatly expanded while we were away.  

One detail that has never waivered - the beer has been superb from day one and only ever gotten better.  Love this place.
I have always had good experiences at Vintage. Great selection of beer and a variety of tasty food.

I had the fish tacos which were very good. My girlfriend had the chicken caesar salad which she said was also good. 

Quick service and fair prices.

Highly recommend!!
Love this place!   From their beer to their food and service they rock!  Favorite place in Madison.
If you like your beer served with a side of poseur attitude then this is the place for you. And are my girl and me the only people who can hear that mosquito beater whining over the completely convincing rap music?
We weren't planning on stopping in Madison on our trip from milwaukee to new glarus, (yes, a beercation), but the guy at stubbys in milwaukee said if we liked good craft, that was the joint. So, we managed to fit it in, but it meant we got there right at open. The host came outside to set up some special boards, didn't even look at us or say hello. That was a bad way to start. We sat at the bar. Ordered a couple of flights and food. Fish tacos r excellent and very large. Portion sizes r very generous. Being beer geeks, we r always psyched to go to breweries and talk to the bartenders about their beers. I guess coming so early wasn't something the bartender was happy about. He was clearly too busy setting up to care about talking beer or otherwise with us. He didn't promote their beer, didn't tell us anything about anything. We were clearly a disruption. It's such a shame bc the beer was actually really good! Food was fantastic, service sucked. So go, try the beers, but don't expect anyone to care that u r there!
Amazing beers, yummy food & friendly staff!  Favorites here are the curds and mac & cheese.
I had an excellent experience with the Vintage that I have to share!

I ate there about a month ago with my mom and I had the chicken & waffles.  We had shared an appetizer, so I didn't actually get around to eating the waffles until I got home.  The waffles were really bad.  One bite was almost entirely baking powder, so the batter had not been properly mixed or something.  Anyway, I emailed the Vintage to let them know.

Later that week I got an email from the chef - he apologized and acknowledged the problem.  Additionally, he told me that my email had led him to totally rethink the dish and that if I wanted to come back and try the new version - it would be on the house.

I just tried the new and improved chicken & waffles and I have to say they are the BEST I've ever had!

The new waffles are Belgian style and the chicken breading has been made slightly sweeter, more crunchy and lighter in color.  It seemed like the thigh meat had been cut thinner than before too, so the breading / meat ratio was higher.  The gravy was not thick anymore - it was sweeter and more buttery; a dramatic improvement!

If you've been disappointed by the C&W here before - now might be a good time to try again.
My wife & I came here for the first time to celebrate after purchasing our new home.  The Divine Swine Sandwich and Fish & Chips entree were over-the-top!  Some great beers, too - we had Woodshed IPA & McLovin Irish Red.  Looking forward to trying more.  Our server, Randy, was prompt & hilarious.  Thanks again.  We'll be back soon
Fantastic Beers! Awesome selection! Food was OK. So far my favorite brewery in Madison with a ton of beers. Overall shared sample with a buddy and tried 12 unique brews (all brewed by Vintage). Only 2 out of the 12 were not very good. Highly recommend trying Dedication, Brett-ication, and Trepidation (my fav). 

Had a southwest chicken salad to try and eat healthy, but I didn't look close enough at the description. It was breaded and the lettuce was on the side in one big chunk with a ton of rice. The description is (Cornmeal and pistachio crusted chicken breast served with a grilled romaine wedge, white rice, fire roasted corn salsa, pineapple pico de gallo, avocado and a generous amount of cilantro lime sauce.) It was exactly that. Good but not that healthy for what I wanted. 

Definitely would go back and recommend this place for the beer, atmosphere, and food.
I have very mixed feelings about Vintage.

They used to be one of my favorite places to go, and to take people who were visiting from out of town. Their beer selection is fantastic, they had a number of great gluten-free options on the menu, and my only complaint was that it gets *really* crowded/noisy on the weekends.

Their tater tots are fantastic. Their signature drink, a Jack Kerouac, is one of my favorites. Their selection of micro-brews is incredible.

But every time the menu gets revised, more GF options disappear. Last time I was in, I was excited to try a couple of their new burgers, only to be met with a perplexing response from our waitress. On my previous visit, our server had told me they have GF buns (though they're not on the menu) and the burgers have always been a GF staple for me there.

*This* waitress, however, insisted (after supposedly checking with the owner) that there were also bread crumbs in the burger patties (even though this is something I've checked a number of times over the years, and was assured they didn't) -- anyone who serves high-quality burgers doesn't need bread crumbs in them! Save it for the meatloaf!

So why, my dear Vintage, do you offer gluten-free burger buns and then put bread crumbs in the burgers?

After this last fiasco, there's not much left I can eat on the menu except for a salad.

This makes me sad.
Food is good, but they really excel with their brews. The Belgian styles that they turn out have all been amazing. 

If you're out of town, it's a must stop. If you're local, you already know.
I love the atmosphere here. I've been here for dinner with friends, drinks after a meeting and even sporting events and have never been disappointed. The menu is great, the beer is awesome and you can't beat their outdoor patio.
Very good burgers; great shepherd's pie. But other dishes hit or miss. They try too hard with their salads, and just put too much stuff on them for my taste. I ordered what I thought was going to be a "chicken salad" recently. What I got was a chunk of grilled romaine And and whole, crustily breaded chicken cutlet with some other stuff.....not what I wanted at all, menu could be clearer. But great for big groups, good beer, fun atmosphere. But stick to the burgers!
LIsten folks I've been in the food Ind. for 8 years now... What the VBC may be lacking in service the food and wide selection of well crafted beers truly make up for. Lets be honest with ourselves if you go into a restaurant when it is wall to wall people, yea mistakes will be made. As well as right before the kitchen closes. That aside I cannot personally say I have any regrets from visiting this establishment. They offer rotating specials, an array of items that span not only globally but also generationally. Also you have to keep in mind as I have learned they do not base food on the norm, rather taking a classic and redefining it. To be honest... Kinda dig that about the place
With a boastful slogan of 'Great beers- Great burgers' The Holyrood 9A asks for some scrutiny from its customers. True enough its customers will spend all day scrutinising its impressively large selection of beers on tap and its utterly scrumptious burgers resulting in a top class evaluation.  Rather than offering a vast menu of varied but average dishes, The Holyrood 9A aims to nail the simple combination of beer and burgers, and damn does that equate to a tasty ideology. 

OK, the pints are a little on the pricey side £3-4. But don't allow that to deter you from what's on offer.  Beers such as Birra Moretti (a clean, crisp and easy drinking Italian malt beer, an alternative to Peroni) or even Brewdog's Zeitgeist (a dark, sharp tasting beer...almost better than Guiness?) will keep your wallet out and your mouth salivating. There's even a Belgian raspberry beer (namely Bacchus Framboise) a class above any of the cheap fruity beers you'd find elsewhere.

Next the Burgers: these pack a solid punch. Aside from the usual beef and chicken varieties, all of which are assured to satisfy, I tried the spiced lamb burger.  The chilli and cumin flavours were super tasty and the presentation alone will have you wondering why the usual slap dash formulae ever prevailed in other establishments.

Free Wifi and pleasant interior add the package too. You'd be hard-pressed to criticise its slogan that's for sure.
I love this cute wee bar! It's sitting so innocently at the top of Holyrood Road, it looks so normal, but it is definitely above average.

The bar is quite big, and they have the coolest bar taps I've ever seen in my life. They have countless beer taps too, I lost count when I tried to see all the names. They pride themselves on their beer and burger offer, which my brothers loved. Their burgers are delicious too - I highly recommend the avocado burger. It's not your typical pub-burger, oh no, it's just like something I would expect from a fancy restaurant in Paris.

It has a nice atmosphere too, I can sit here quite comfortably and do some work for my course without feeing watched or unwelcome.
I never knew this pub existed until I walked down this street to head to my final exam in the uni gym (the only time I really enter that space), so a bunch of us decided to start our summer celebratory drinks here.

 It's surprisingly large inside and perhaps it was the sun or the mirth of summer beginning but I got a very good vibe from this place. It's sort of a revamped pub keeping good old pub qualities and serving hearty dishes (the burgers are quite good) and at the same time being a modern spot ,without trying too hard.
What a suprising little place!

The outside of The Holyrood doesn't look like much but inside is fantastic (kind of like the more famous Holyrood).

I sat down at got myself the Texas BBQ burger last week. A huge portion with bacon, chilli's and cheese platers all over it filled in up in one course. They had desert, but I was in no shape to attempt it. At just under £7 it was a bargin too!
Wow, this place is pretty awesome.

Firstly, its like the tardis inside - much bigger than it looks from outside, but thats so it can accomodate its awesome bar, which has some amazing ales and other drinks on tap, all of which are amazing. To go with your carefully selected pint I would recommend taking advantage of the beer + burger deal, because the burgers are just amazing, and at less than a tenner, you cant really go wrong if you ask me,
I was really into this place. While looking about for a place for dinner, this was just down the street from our hotel. First of all, the beer selection was solid. It was bolstered by being in the midst of having a Beer Festival, with lots of guest taps and brews on-hand, so that was cool. And the beers had food pairings listed, which I thought was a nice touch. The proper combination of beer and food is often underappreciated. Anyway, so the beers were great, as was the food. And the service was quite good. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive.

I'd definitely recommend a visit to this place if you're in the city.
Recently taken under by new management and revamped, this is the sort of pub you had to know to find. It's no that its tucked away down some tiny wee alley. But there isn't much reason to go down Holyrood road other than to get to St Leonard's Land Gym or a detour to the Parliament. This is unfortunate as The Holyrood 9A is a great wee pub.

Actually it isn't that wee, it's much bigger on the inside than you would first think. Its interior is cosy, traditional but with a revamped, fresh twist which isn't altogether stunning but nice all the same. They have a great selection of beers. But the main selling point as everyone who goes there knows, is the burgers. I get pretty annoyed when all I get when I order a burger is some slab slapped between some dry buns and a wee side salad. But here the burgers are much more impressive and there are is a greater and far more creative selection than your typical bar meal. This includes a veggie option!

A nice pub with a good selection of burgers and beer that make for a great afternoon/evening visit.
BURGERS, BURGERS, BURGERS.

JESUS. Don't want to band the term "Best Burger of all Time" around, but it came pretty close. Chilli B's, lamb B's, veggie falaffel B's - there is a B for everyone!

I oped for the guacomole burger and holy moley, it was dynamite. Served up on a slab with skinny chips and swanky relish, you're spoiled.

Quite a personal dining experience, the chef takes pride in his food as much as the owner has invented a quote-tastic, slammin' menu. Their effort shows, and I'm sold.

Incidently, this burger only lost out to a burger I had in New York which was, I kid you not, the size of my FACE. But y'know, this burger was not far off!
Can't fault the drink selection but I can fault the prices. I bought a pint of Peroni which fair enough isn't exactly Tennents but £4.80 a pint?

When I asked if I could have a packet of peanuts to go with my pint they gave me a small tub (with the same amount as a normal bag) for £1.80.

Perhaps this isn't too expensive for most people but for me, it is.
I came here for burgers, I saw burgers and then I ate them.

On my 'best burger in town' self-imposed mission, when I had a craving for a burger one evening I skipped my usual go-to option (which is currently my personal favourite) to try something new. Always risky, as if it doesn't live up to its predecessor, disappointment can abound.

Holyrood 9A specilaises in two things: beers and burgers, and great ones at that (according to its motto). The burger menu is pretty big, with more inventive options from Italian (mozarella, pesto) and one meat-injection overload that I can't remember the name (burger with turkey AND prosciutto) with a few chicken options, and then some 'special' ones like Lamb (that did sound delicious with cumin etc.) and venison.

I pipped for the peri-peri chicken, which I was promised would be a whole grilled chicken breast. Immediate bonus points, as I don't like the bread-crumb covered chicken breasts that were so popular in my childhood. 

As we were waiting in the back restaurant area, it was a pleasant ambience. A complete mix of students, and all us other folk over a whole age range. Big props to the staff who were all really friendly, attentive and genuine. They seemed to enjoy working there.

When I passed the kitchen I looked in and could see them frying the chicken breast burger alongside the beef patties - no grilling. This wasn't what was promised so let me down a little.

The burger itself was presented on the thick wooden board that is so in vogue right now, along with a purple cabbage coleslaw and skinny fries. Nice fresh sourdough bun, big chicken breast and PICKLES. I've realised that my other burger-place doesn't do pickles and how much I've been missing out as a result.

The chicken breast burger was really quite lovely. Very filling but in a healthy way (despite being friend, not grilled). My partner's bacon and cheese burger disappeared fast which I take as a good sign, although the beef patty - on my very close scrutiny as I am on a real mission here - wasn't quite as exciting as it could have been. I like to see bits of fresh coriander or chili mixed in with the beef. But still, it was hand-made.

The skinny fries were ok but I've gotten very used to hand cut potato wedges that have that rustic feel and I think that's my prefered potato option.

As you can see, I am analysing every part of this burger experience. The reason being it wasn't my *favourite* in town and I can't quite work out why. It was good, and I would come back, and next time will probably try the lamb. But my quest for theeeeee *best* one continues.

Overall though, great ambience, fantastic staff, filling food that is hand-made and not overly greasy or heavy, and I assume great beers (not being a drinker of such stuff myself). 

My ONLY complaint is its 3 doors down from my gym which I have to pass to get there. Guilt trippin' before the beef, sad times.
When this place first opened, I was living a few blocks away and was SO excited.  It has a nice, cool yet laid back interior, a great looking bar full of interesting beers, and a very tasty looking menu.
Well, that was about two years ago, and I just finally got around to making a trip back.

I came here with my parents for lunch on a particularly brisk spring afternoon.  We got a seat by the window and got a chance to warm up in the sun.  My mom and I ordered burgers and my dad ordered the steak sandwich.  Whenever he orders a steak sandwich he asks for it to be cooked medium rare.  Nine times out of ten, he gets thin cut steak with only a hint of pink.  So, when his sandwich came still bloody, he was over the moon.
He relished every bite and very happily told me later that it was the best steak sandwich he'd ever had.  Seriously.  We're talking about a very picky man from the Bay Area which is known for its food.  
I ordered the Holyrood burger and my mom had the original.  Mine was good; great charred flavour and tasty cole slaw.  The cheese on it had a really overwhelming flavour though and had melted in a funny way that it separated into mass and oil.  The burger was just so DENSE.  I don't really know how or why but it just seemed more dense than I'm used to with a burger.  

So, I really wanted to report that I'd found the best burger I'd had in Edinburgh but sadly, no.  Don't get me wrong, they were very nice, but I would order something different next time.  

Everything else here hit the spot.  Maybe my expectations were too high?  I'm not sure.  All I know is my quest continues ...
After having Joe.A wax on about this place a good dozen times me and some friends decided Sunday recovery lunch seemed like the perfect time to have our first experience of Hollywoof 9a.

I have been lead to believe they are the purveyors of some of the finest man food in town and I was not disappointed.

To start with we were welcomed by a very attractive waitress (always a good start lets be honest) and decided to have a milkshake while we contemplated the real decision.

After 10 minutes I just could not decided...... bohemia burger, piri-piri chicken burger..... halloumi burger.......lamb burger.....damn too many choice..

Then I saw it.......steak sandwich with beer mustard and portabello muschroom. So I ordered and was asked a question that brought a smile to my face "how would you like your steak cooked?".......YYYAAASSSSS!!! Rare please..... :D HAPPY JD!!!!!

When it arrived on it wooden board it delivered........beautiful tender rare steak...well seasoned with nice chips in a small bucket and some good mayo!!

It is as good as they say.....now i have to go back and try a burger....or a skeweer...or a salad. Hmmm seems I may be going back a few times!!
I went to this bar/pub knowing absolutely nothing about it at all. I'm not from The Edinburgh so I'm not familiar with many of the bars/pubs there. 
Stumbled across this place when through for the festival this year to see Tim Vine (who was very funny btw). We left quite early for Edinburgh so by the time our show had finished we were well ready for eats. 

This place clearly specialises in Beer and Burgers - 2 things I like rather a lot. From what I gather this is a fairly new bar but it has already been nominated for the DRAM Awards Best New Bar. S'nice. 

Myself and my boy quickly got a table - it was messy when we sat down but with it being the Festival season and just past the lunch rush we excused this. We helped ourselves to menus and in the meantime our table was quickly cleaned and cleared anyway and the polite waitress then asked us if we would like any drinks. This is a bit of a bug-bear of mine - you've only JUST sat down/looked at the menu and straight away you're asked what drink you would like. This would be FINE if I was a predictable drinker (have the same drink everywhere) but I am not; I like to try new things and everyday, depending on how I feel, it depends on what I drink. This day I was very thirsty and therefore very glad to see the extensive draught beer menu - at least 19 beers I spotted! Wowzer! Because I was rushed I picked a beer that wouldn't have been my 1st choice had I been given more time to look. Oof. ANYWAY, I digress - I chose a pint of West St.Mungo lager (had it before, really like it) Now I don't know if I imagined this but I swore I seen Brooklyn Lager on the menu after I had already ordered and I do *love* a pint of Brooklyn so I was kicking myself that I had felt rushed into ordering. Dang. 

Service was swift - the waitress that brought our drinks also then took our food order. This place specialises in quality burgers of all kinds. But fear not my vegetable loving friends! They DO cater for the veggies - with 4 types of veggie burgers on their menu amongst other non-animal dishes too. Also on their menu was tasty sounding breakfasts (only served til 12 Noon though...not very good for us late risers), various salads (who orders a salad when there's burgers on the menu?!) and other types of meaty sarnies. 

I opted for the (unadventurous) Cheese Burger and my boy ordered the Cheese and Bacon Burger. Both arrived swiftly and made my eyes go 'BOOOIIIINNNGGG!' like in the cartoons of old. Our HUGE burgers came on a wooden slab to make us feel even more Paleolithic-like (Ug!) and served alongside were lovely skinny crisp fries and a wee bowl of fancy coleslaw. Also in the burger was a delicious beer mustard mayo and the usual dill pickle, lettuce and tomato. I had to halve my BEAST BURGER coz being a dainty fingered lady (Ha ha) I could not handle that cow sandwich all in one go. 

All was very tasty and along with the beer I was one very satisfied lady indeed. After eating I thought in my wee head wouldn't it be grand to have a bar like this in Glasgow. There most probably is one but I've not came across it yet. 

Only downside was the teeny-tiny ladies toilets. Made me feel like a giant and when a place serves such good burgers they cannot expect all their lady patrons to be the size of Victoria Beckham. Boo and hoo. 

I would most definitely go back to The Holyrood 9A and next time try another good beer and another mammoth burger (not *actually* made with mammoth).
A nice little place with an excellent bar.  I tried the burgers, which I found a bit dry and overcooked, which brought it down several notches in my estimation.  The menu was tantalizing, but the delivered goods were mediocre.  Staff also deserves kudos for being helpfull and friendly, albeit on a slow day.
Where do I start with how much I love this place?!!? 
I had my second visit to Holyrood 9a this weekend, on a Saturday night, which did worry my a little at first...... will we get a table? But no need to stress, there were still a few and we were seated promptly, and it was down to business. 

Reason 1 I love this place - Beer. Best selection of beers I have seen in a while, there is something for everyone no matter what your preference.

Reason 2 - The food is just as good as the beer!! It is rare you find somewhere that manages to get both drinks and food this good!

Reason 3 - The atmosphere, it is not pretentious. The seats are comfortable and the staff are always really nice.

Reason 4 - We visited on a Saturday night, an evening where I often feel these kind of places are keen to get you in, then back out as soon as possible, but not at all. We finished our meal and enjoyed a chat and drink without feeling rushed.

Reason 5 - The price. Edinburgh is well, lets face it, pretty expensive sometimes, but I find for the quality you get here the prices are brilliant.

Basically, I cannot fault Holyrood 9a, I intend on going back, several times, and not just to fill in my beer card and get £5 off my bill!
An open letter to Holyrood 9A, 

From this day forward I will refer to all things in reference to your food. 

Last night's make out was as sloppy and covered with pesto mayo and buffalo mozzarella as Holyrood 9A's Shroom Burger (the other ones are better, I promise... keep reading)

You look as thin and light in that TopShop dress as the french fries at 9A. 

This lesson in semantics is as useless as the coleslaw at 9A.

This massage is as soothing as a 9A Shroom Burger when I'm nauseated and have a huge hangover. 

That Latin dancing last night was spicier than 9A's PiriPiri.

That drummer with a commitment problem I've been dating is so bad for me, but SO GOOD... just like the food at Holyrood 9A. 

Holyrood 9A: You're now the yardstick by which I will measure all things delicious, spicy, filling, soothing, flavorful and so bad it's gooooood. Do you even use yards here? The Metre stick... that sounds weird.
Before the 9A was tagged on to the end of this place, The Hollyrood was a dingy little bar that was a favorite of Edinburgh's goth contingent.  Thankfully, it closed and then opened again as The Holyrood 9A and is now one of the best pubs in Edinburgh!

I am guessing they set out with "burgers and beer... done properly!" in mind, and thats exactly what it is.  Apart from a few starter options, the bulk of the menu is simply a stunning range of burgers.  Beef, chicken, mushroom and halloumi - all with a massive range of high quality toppings.  Being a massive fan of a good burger, I cant say they are the best I have ever had, but they are definitely up there.   

The actual bar is great, a good mix or modern and traditional and doesn't feel like they are trying to hard.  The bar is well stocked, with a brilliant range of beers, ales and lagers on tap that changes quite often too.  They have a a great range of malts too, as well as rums, bourbons and pretty much anything else you could want!  The staff are friendly, efficient and very knowledgeable too.

if you are looking for a beer, a burger, or both I would highly recommend a trip to the 9A and would be very surprised if you craving wasn't satisfied!
I think this has to be my new favourite bar! I was recommended it by a friend and it did not disappoint! The burgers are absolutely delicious and nicely cooked (I had the chilli burger with 'death sauce!' which did not disappoint! The house white wine was delicious - which is very often a rarity. It was moderately priced which is always a bonus!

I loved the dark decor and choice of tunes, definitely got a rock n roll vibe to it which is very me...  the bar and waiting staff were extremely pleasant and I would certainly recommend this to anyone looking for a new joint in town to visit.

My friend Sean mentioned it can get really crowded at weekends but on a Sunday evening, it was a nice place to hang out and have a chat.

Will definitely be back! :)
I recently purchased an Itison deal which gave us two burgers and two drinks for £12 (instead of £26ish).  We decided to arrive a bit early and get in a few drinks, and our evening unfolded...

Everyone working was wearing some type of hat.  What's with the hats?  Was it a one-off or is it a normal Friday night thing?  It was easy to see that many of the staff were uncomfortable.  
Despite being uncomfortable, they all provided *exceptionally* good service.  I was really impressed with the bar tender who came and found us when our table was ready, especially considering it was definitely not her job.  
Tiny points off to the same bartender who recommended a beer to me that was something ridiculous like £5/pint due to a higher alcohol percentage.  I wasn't aware of either the price or the abv until it was too late.  

The burgers were well received in beer-ful and otherwise empty bellies, though again the patty itself needs a bit of something to give it more flavour.  It was also taller than it was wide (if that makes any sense) so I struggled to take each bite, but ran out of meat before I ran out of bun.  

So in all, next time I'd like to try a different type of burger and definitely recommend coming here on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  Friday night was fun, but it gets a bit busy and not too conducive to a relaxing meal.
Ok. Queue my dilemma and frustration..... I have returned here manys a time now, I mean the beer selection is the best I have found yet, and the burgers, good god they are delicious!! 

BUT....... ugh, service has gone down a little I think. Not enough to take the Holyrood 9a down a star, I still wax lyrical about it so that would be a little hypocritical. I mean, the service is in no means awful, cold, rude, or anything that would warrant me getting up out my seat and leaving....... it just ain't as good as it was the first few times I went. This saddens me a little..... seriously, like employ me!!! This is the kind of place where I want someone upbeat, chatty, and overall really enthusiastic about the beer/burgers because to me that is what Holyrood 9a is all about. 

I am still totally digging those burgers though. And the strawberry milkshake........ it is criminally tasty!!
"...Sometimes you wanna go, where everybody knows your naaaame..... And they're always glad you caaaaame...."

Everyone has their Cheers bar. If I had my way, Bond No.9 would be mine. Unfortunately the location of that wee gem does not favour me as a local.

Enter Holyrood 9A. Located a perfect 5 minute walk from work, this is one of THE after-work bars in Edinburgh. 

Situated just off the crossroads between the Pleasance and St. Mary's Street, 9A offers a stylish setting to the office crowd, students and regulars of its old incarnation (name escapes me... little help?) alike. The slick interior has a warm charm about it that many modern bars fail to deliver, making it an easy choice for a quick drink or a bite.

Speaking of which... although 9A can boast a trendy-yet-not-central-bar claim, the ace up their sleeve is their extensive and classy range of burgers. The variety alone is enough to drop a jaw here or there. 

And the quality of their product? Well I probably couldn't count the number of 9A burgers I've had on two hands (I am the Duke after all!), but I've yet to experience a bad one.

Scratch that; a mediocre one! They're simply awesome. My firm favourite being the Venison Burger; thick and juicy, topped with a wedge of brie and cranberry relish. Well if that don't have you drooling.... you're probably a vegetarian....!

Other notables are the Haggis Burger, the Pork & Apple, and the Pioneer (topped with rosemary-scented mushrooms,bacon, swiss and a garlic mayo). They do veggie option, they do breakfast, they do finger food, they do desserts, but it's simply all about the burgers at 9A. All come served with a side of red cabbage coleslaw and a cup of fries (upgrade to Piri Piri fries for better days - fact!).


Of course it takes a lot for a bar to fall under "perfect". 9A has its flaws. The first of which being the prices; the £3.40 mark seems to be the standard for the range of spirits on offer, and although I'm no beer drinker, I hear the asking price for certain tipples are closer to the £5 mark, per pint. High street prices from a bar that sits arguably on the border of student land (Pleasance, Cowgate, et al) is a bit of an ask, and I'm sure if they lowered their prices, they would benefit from increased midweek custom from the student crowds.

The other blemish on 9A's reputation is short and simple: turn on the bleedin telly! Fair enough the manager maybe doesn't want a rowdy football crowd coming in to watch the FA Cup, but I've seen my fair share of idiots on a Friday afternoon so they're not really keeping that crowd away regardless. And I don't think it's too much to ask that they show the tennis when I ask.

Great bar, made great by a) the friendly, personable staff (wouldn't be my Cheers bar if they weren't!); b) the quality food served up; and c) the clientele that frequent the joint. A great social regular, marred only by overzealous prices and a stuffy manager.

But don't let him keep you away. Go, go now.

The Duke has spoken.

POST REVIEW UPDATE:- Stuffy manager has left the building! 5 Stars all the way!
Nothing hits the spot better than a burger and a pint?  Then you're sure to love Holyrood 9A.  

With about 20 different varieties of burger on their menu you're sure to find something for everyone.  Whether it be a good old traditional cheese burger; falafel, haloumi or mushroom burgers for all you veggies out there or something different such as haggis, venison, lamb, pork and turkey for you adventurous folk.  

Trust me, these are tasty burgers!!!  Top tip - the piri piri chips are not to be missed!!!  

Now to the more important business - beer!  9A offers a wide variety of beers from all corners of the globe.  One little treasure which was recently found is Little Creatures beer from Fremantle, Perth to bring back memories of your travelling days around Oz - or for those yet to make it to the land down under then experience one of its many pleasures right here in Bonnie Scotland!!!  

On a Friday night this place gets rammed with people from the nearby offices so probably best to avoid it until they stumble home usually by 9pm.
As a Midwestern American foodie my standard for what constitutes a good burger are exacting and thorough. Holyrood 9A did not disappoint. Having what is arguably the best burger in Edinburgh. First and foremost, the selection of available meats and toppings far exceeded any of my wildest dreams and were truly splendid. My favorite was the venison burger, which was lean, had the right heft and bite, and was gamey but not over powering. The fries were phenomenal and and the bun didn't dissolve, but instead holds it might!

Second of all, the beer selection is quite outstanding. While it might not be as prolific as some places I visited, it's quality is nonetheless pretty outstanding. The flat cider they had on tap when I went was mind-blowing. 

Third off, the dark, quartered feel of the gastropub perfectly matches with the food and provides an excellent atmosphere.

The only complaint I have that hold me back from giving them a 5/5 is the size of the pub section in relation to the restaurant part can mean that things get a bit cozier than one would like when dining. 

However, I would definitely not only recommend going, but plan on going back whence I visit Edinburgh again in the near future.
I really like Holyrood 9A. They do splendiforous burgers and a great selection of beers, so how can you really go wrong? 

Guacamole burger, haggis burger and portobello mushroom burger all get my double thumbs up. Wash it down with a decent ale and life is good. 

My only bone to pick with this place? It's often really busy and it can be quite tough to get a seat. If you're going of a Friday or weekend evening, definitely see if you can get a table booked in advance!
They've got an excellent set of rotating Real Ale (cask!) taps, something different every time you visit. They've got a great selection of burgers including four veggie burgers, and even a haggis burger. Not a lot else in the food department though.

The decor is very nice, all dark wood and friendly atmosphere. It's just a shame about the terribly bland and offensively inoffensive coffee-shop music.
Strolled into this bar/restaurant on a recommendation and was impressed. Great burgers, brilliant beers on offer. You will not be disappointed. Great service to boot. Check it out!
One of the most delicious burgers I have tried the one year I am in Edinburgh. Excellent selection of beers with cherry on the top that they offer 1/3 of a pint, making it excellent choice for beer tasting. Great service as well, in a cosy environment. 
Overall 9A is setting the bar very high for the town's pubs, I am definitely going to visit it again and again.
Bit of a mixed bag here these days  pints coming in at the best part of £4 yet reasonably priced bar snacks (cheeseboard £2.75 although tomato sauce an odd accompaniment & a knife wouldn't have gone amiss). They could do with sorting out the chalk board with the guest beers on too  either have the % or the £ (or both) for each but not one for some and the other for the rest.
I'm going to say - it's a waver between 4 and 5 stars, but where there is a waver, gotta go with the lower bid, but ehh.. not this time. Usually I would coo and goo over how amazing a 5-star place is, and I will, but it does have some parts that let me down more. That's not to say this is a bad place, sheesh, no it's really not. But, when beer is of eye watering prices (OK OK OK so it's not your average draft and 9A stock some GOOD beer), I'm tempted to go with 4. It's just a bit pricier than I am willing on average to pay for beer and burgers. It also seems a horrendously busy pub on a Friday night, I guess that's what you get for being good at what you do.

But! Did I have an excellent evening? Yes. Was the service good? Yes! Apart from one really grumpy kid... he should consider his career options, soon. Were the burgers good? Yes! Starters? Yes! Although on that front, my pita, houmous and olives seemed to far outweigh the size of other plates, even sharing ones - so it was shared, but in future, more houmous less pita please - I found myself sparingly taking portions of houmous one mushy grain at a time in order to try to spread it out.  

Meals wise we had a medley of mainly burgers (and one steak) - from the Holyrood 9A, to pork and chorizo, and the one 'awkward' one, that settled for the halloumi burger. The smoked chilli mayo did it for me. So did the sweet potato fries. Life is good when you have sweet potato fries. However, the chilli mayo was too overpowering for me, and I couldn't really taste anything else of my burger, and the only smoke I could find was that billowing from my ears. I kept desparately reaching for the cooling effect of the slice of tomato in my burger, but it could only last for so long. It's not awful, it was just too much - perhaps if you are not such a chilli-hound (like myself) perhaps putting the sauce on the side might be a more cunning plan to remember in the future. 

We also split across our party a couple of kitchen sinks as dessert - as gooey-ly gratifying as it implies, but across four didn't result in total coma. 

Overall, Holyrood 9A did everything we wanted for our Christmas night out, and for that we thank you.
After wandering around the streets looking for somewhere to get a nice lunch on our final day in Edinburgh, we came across this place. We'd been looking at the menu outside 'David Bann', the vegetarian restaurant around the corner. We would have gone there if they had a lunch menu, but with it being our final day we had virtually spent up, so didn't quite want to pay the prices of David Bann. 

We looked at the menu outside the Holyrood, and after a quick check on Yelp decided this would be a good call. 

It's cosy inside, especially with the current Christmas decor. The boyfriend had a halloumi burger which he hailed to be delicious. I also wanted halloumi, but something lighter than a burger after 3 days of over indulgence. There is a halloumi salad on the menu, but I preferred the look of the cesar salad, so opted for this substituting the chicken for halloumi, which was no problem at all. It was lovely. 

We stayed here quite a while as there was Blue Moon available, my favourite beer at the moment, which they served properly with a slice of orange. 

All in all great lunch with great beer.
I wrote my last review of Holyrood 9a in 2011! That's two years ago!! And oh how many burgers I've eaten in that time since. So it's only right that I update my review, and my rating from four to five stars.

I've lived in Edinburgh for two years now, and can probably mark each moment, important or passing, with a burger from Holyrood 9a.

My first summer BBQ in the Meadows: much like the BBQ chicken burger with piri piri fries.

Halloween 2011: akin to a chilli death burger, all of that beefyness with chillis and extra chilli death sauce. 

January 2012: falafel burger, for all my sins, without the bun.

The Festivals in August: the Pioneer, with rosemary mushrooms and garlic mayo. A bit mad, a bit messy, but oh-so-good.

And New Years' Day 2013: the Chicken Italienne with sun-dried tomatoes and sweet potato fries. The best start to the best year.

(That's right, they've added sweet potato fries to the menu as an option for your fries. YES!)

And there are so many more burgers. And so many more options, like sides, salads, steak sandwich, and desserts like the four-person-to-share Kitchen Sink sundae.

Not even to mention all the specialty beers, and vast range of spirits. Oh and free wifi. Dog-friendly. Really friendly staff. Great for big groups.

I mean Holyrood 9a kind of has everything. Which is why it's probably one of my most visited places in Edinburgh for the past two years, and will continue to be so for 2013. 

Above all, it does some of the best burgers in the city.
This is an ace bar if you're a fan of beer or burgers. I really enjoy having a good feed somewhere with a good atmosphere.

They are the same group as The Southern and The Red Squirrel. I'd say they blow the Red Squirrel out the water and are on a par with the excellent Southern. 

Staff are good and knowledgable. The bar is big and spacious. There is adequate seating and you can book a place if you want to! However this does mean that Friday nights, Saturday nights and some brunchtimes this place can be busier than a doctors surgery during winter cold season. 

I recommend - Burgers, trying some beers and enjoying them!
 
Brilliant for a quick meal/pint on the way to/from the station too as it's only a few minutes away!
Even though I'm not a massive fan of burgers I have a soft spot in my heart for Holyrood 9A, I went to my first ever Yelp event here when Jenny.L hosted a CYME evening of burgers and beers and chit chat. Even though it's sister pub, The Southern, is much closer to my humble abode, I will still go out of my way to eat here instead. 

They do burgers well here; in fact I'd say they do the best burger in the city. A tall order, I know, but they do little else on their menu but burgers so they have to get it right. And we're not just talking plan beef burgers; the menu has various different meats such as lamb, venison and haggis to keep things different. My meal of choice was always the steak sandwich but it has disappeared since the recent change of the menu. This is both a good and bad thing. It's a bad thing because the steak sandwich was damn tasty and I'll miss it; but it's also a good thing because it has forced me to try more on the menu so I can choose a new favourite burger. 

On my last visit I decided to give The Pioneer a go. This beef burger is served with sauted rosemary wild mushrooms, bacon, swiss cheese and garlic mayo. You also have the choice to change the sour dough bun to a brioche or change your skinny fries to chunky, piri piri, or sweet potato fries. ( I stayed with the sour dough and plumped for the chunky chips.) The burger itself was gorgeous but a little messy. A combination of a juicy beef burger, mushrooms and perhaps too generous a portion of garlic mayo resulted in a VERY drippy burger. I needed a couple of napkins to clean up my fingers after having several comments about being a messy eater fired my way by my fellow dinners. (Totally not my fault.) 

I don't drink but I am told by those that do that the bar is also very well stocked with good quality craft beers. You can get beers like Innis and Gunn or Thistly Cross cider which seem to be very popular with Yelpers.  

I also love the décor and cosy feel of the place. The main area is a very wide open space, but the dark wood panelling and the lighting make it feel much more inviting and contained. The staff are all pretty stunning looking themselves, I wonder if they only hire good looking people to fit in with the feel of the place. 

The quest to find my new favourite burger continues, which one should I try next?
A good pub, with great burgers. Visited earlier this afternoon with family of all ages and all were thoroughly chuffed with the experience. 

My brother had the Cheese and Bacon with (unsurprisingly) Swiss cheese and smoked bacon. 

I had The Pioneer with sautéed rosemary, wild mushrooms, crispy bacon, Swiss cheese and garlic mayo. It is a subtly flavoured burger & was delicious. 

My Mum and Aunt had the Slider Burgers which includes 3 mini burgers, The Original, The Cheese & The Southern Barbecue.

With a side of Beer Battered Onion Rings and various alcoholic beverages it was altogether a very pleasant experience. 

We will return.
5/5 from a very strict judge, like me! Excellent food, the greatest most decilious burgers ever (I have eaten burger in many places in Edinburgh and this was the clear winner)! With so many yummy burger options that you can't wait to try them all. I had tried the pioneer and the holyrood and the holyrood barbeque, all of them were delicious! I also love the beer selections and the desserts (after a huge meal I tried the toffee sundae and it was perfect). So no more words, great food at a very good price. The only "-" : we should definitely book on friday/saturday as the place is full. We were dissapointed not to find tables when we hadn't book, so plan ahead.
To think I've known about this place for ages (and used to work v near it actually) but never bothered to go in?!? I feel ashamed.  

My very first experience of Holyrood 9A was on Friday night, as a pre-gig (at the Pleasance) meeting place. I loved it! It was jam packed with people so I really felt like I'd been missing a trick - and I had! It has a really cool vibe and relaxed atmosphere without trying hard. It's the type of place you just wanna drink in, especially if you are a beer lover as you have a million & 1 varieties to choose from that seem to change on a regular basis.

The waft of burgers smelled so appetising ...drool. Unfortunately we didn't book in advance (losers!), so the the chance of getting a table on a fri night appeared to be slim to none, but we all agreed we would go back, ready and willing to tackle the huge menu of burgers on offer! 

I didn't feel justified scoring this place higher based on 1 experience of drinks only (standing at the bar at that!). However on my 2nd visit, IF the burgers are as good as they smelled and looked, I may even score the place 5 stars depending on the speed and quality of service.

Another positive is that I work right opposite their sister place (The Red Squirrel on Lothian Rd) and I HAVE partaken of yummy burger there and will again! :)
Holyrood 9A is unlike it's siblings (The Southern & The Red Squirrel) in the sense that it has a divide between drinking and dinning area. The front bar area tends to fill up Thursday to Saturday evenings however if you get a seat here it is comfortable and has a very similar feel to sitting in The Southern. If on the other hand you are sitting at the back to eat your burger there is a bit of a feeling that the staff want to turnover the table, rather than have you sit and drink a few beers.

The burgers and the beers are great, the bar has a good pub vibe, however the back area seating isn't a natural resting place to drown a few pints. Personally I feel that The Southern pips it at the post a little and is the better bar, but I am a fan of Holyrood 9A.
I had been reading reviews of the amazing burgers here. Um, not really all that. Really just A-OK. Actually reminded me a lot of the Southern, pretty much same quality.

Another annoyance was that the onion rings seemed from frozen. Its not that difficult to make fresh delicious onion rings, is it? Am I asking for too much? I don't think so. So, all in all I continue my hunt for the best burger in Scotland and so far the best one I've had has been at home. Maybe I should open up a burger joint.
¡MARAVILLOSO! Tienen una cantidad increíble y legendaria de hamburguesas, tantas que no creo que por mucho que visites este lugar seas capaz de comerlas todas. Pequé de poco aventurero, y no me atreví con la hamburguesa de haggis. Después de haber probado el haggis y haber certificado que ME-EN-CAN-TA, he de decir que estoy deseandico volver y poner mi pica en Flandes. O en Escocia, en este caso.

Pedí la hamburguesa bohemia, y estaba exquisita. Para refrescar el gaznate, una cerveza llamada Cesar Augustus que estaba estupenda. Y para rematar un enorme postre que llaman "The Kitchen Sink" y que son diversos tipos de pudding amenizados con bien de helado. Por si te habías quedado con hambre.

Lugar muy bonito, acogedor y con un personal amabilísimo y divertidísimo. Quiero más.
You know those days where a lunch time burger and a pint turns into an accidental all day session? They always start in a pub just like this!

Decent burgers and a selection of beer that has something for everyone as well as good coffee. The pub is a little bit of everything - dark corners in the back, continental  little coffee tables at the front and a lengthy bar you prop yourself up at.

While seats can be in short supply at times, it doesn't take long for some to free up and the pub itself is well located - not too far from the train station and spitting distance from both the grassmarket/cowgate and royal mile.

Definitely worth popping in, either for a quick coffee or a few pints - it'll be time well spent
The pal works here so have been in on several occasions now. Fantastic beer selection but we were a bit famished so had burgers set firmly in our sights rather than brewed refreshments this arvo!

Burgers were great. I had the Holyrood BBQ with peri-peri fries, and I have to say, despite hating this word, it was amazeballs. I didn't finish it entirely but I think that's because I'm not an endless dustbin, not anymore anyway. The BBQ sauce was just the right side of sweet, not overly sugary the way it often can be. I'd go back tomorrow hungrier and have 5 of them bad boys!

Also the staff are pretty great, but then I'm biased there! :P
Were super friendly...
Was top notch beer/burger...
Student discounts too.
This is my local so great to have so much choice of beers and burger variations. 

Still, they could improve in the quality of beers they get in, sometimes I struggle to find one I want to drink, and expect to pay around £10 for 2 pints (though this seems to be an endemic problem in many supposedly 'craft beer' pubs in Edinburgh these days). Worth asking for their pint prices particularly when it comes to American imports; we paid £5.20 for a pint of Lagunitas IPA recently.
Even though this was the most flying visit of flying visits, I was really impressed with the Holyrood 9A and would make sure to go back next time I'm in Edinburgh.

A great little pub with ultra friendly staff, good service and a place that felt like it had a decent amount of atmosphere in it even though it was mid afternoon. 

With a menu that boasts a huge selection of gourmet burgers, I managed to narrow it down to the Haggis burger or the Pork and chorizo with guacamole. It's safe to say I made a wise choice by following my love of mexican with a hint of spice as it was super tasty, but the haggis one is definitely on my list for my next visit north of the border. 


Great espresso too!
The Holyrood of burgers! Enjoyed the burger very much. 
The place is busy as usual, but they always try to find a way to squeeze you in. 

"In Holyrood 9A you are ensured of a good burger!" that is what they told me. I know that is a bold statement and I put it to the test. I ordered, I received and ...mmmm, that is some tasty burger man. Juicy, firm and compact. The bun: crunchy and light. The filling: plentiful and tasty. 

I vote this to be one of the better burgers consumed in a long while. 
Anita had a halloumi burger and she was well impressed.
 
For afters we shared a selection of desserts, 3 bowls of ice-cream & wafers and a lemon cheesecake. Yummy to the max. 
The espressos were OK - they could have been a bit stronger. 

My other pleasant finding was the real ale and craft lagers on offer. 

I like this place for their food, still have to taste the atmosphere when just drinking, but with those beers & cocktails on the menu, that should not pose a big problem.
The Holyrood is a Bavarian style burger with beer mustard, Hereford Hop, rocket, red onion, and caramelized onion mayo. The star of the burger was the Hereford Hop cheese, which was melted to perfection, and paired very well with mustard and red onion. The caramelized onion mayo added an additional depth of creamy flavor to the burger making the condiments really work together. Unfortunately, because of these bold flavors the beef did not get a chance to stand out on the burger and the bun was only average. Overall, the Holyrood is a solid burger but it could have benefited from a juicier piece of beer or a pillowy bun to make each bite a bit more savory.
Holyrood makes one hell of a burger, but it's got a few flaws that keep it off my "NOM OMG MUST HAVE" burger list.

The ambiance, look and layout of the bar are a perfect combination of pub and Prohibition speakeasy. The menu is probably the most extensive list of burgers and beers I've ever seen. The burger presentation is top-notch.

So what could possibly be amiss? Sadly, the most important thing. Although they say they cook everything to medium by default, my order of medium rare came to me grey as a direwolf's coat. To further complicate matters, the sourdough bun was toasted to the point it would snap in half if flexed.

Now, it's a testament to the quality of the ingredients involved that despite these flaws, this was still one SERIOUSLY TASTY BURGER. Almost perfect. If it had been medium rare and the bun soft, I may have lapsed into a burger coma and died happily right on the spot.

The draught beer I enjoyed with my burger - Caesar Augustus - was billed as a blend of lager and IPA and could not have been a more brilliant burger compliment.
It was the best burger I had in my life!!!!! The cocktail are good too and the staff is great too
A really great pub, fast picking up a reputation for their gourmet burgers, so as a burger fan it was odds on I was going to visit! They are part of the Fuller Thompson pubs group so the Southern and the Red Squirrel also have the same menu.
There is a great selection of beers from around the world behind the bar - I think 11 are always on draft and lots of bottles too, and the burger menu had plenty of choice for every taste. 
The service is always quick, and the portions generous. I love the Pioneer Burger although the pork and chorizo is also tasty. Next on the list is the chilli death burger! Chips are great and you can get sweet potato fries too.
The staff are generally really friendly and the decor is a little more upmarket than your average boozer. If you fancy some lunch, or a bite to eat in a relaxing environment not too far off the royal mile/high street then this is your place. For us locals its a fab place to catch up with firends over a drink and some great grub!
Good burgers (we had venison, haggis and beef), nice beer selection and a comfortable couch in the back. Really good vibe in this pub.
This bar/restaurant was recommended to me as one of the places to check out if I wanted some decent haggis while on a recent trip to Edinburgh. After climbing up the nearby Arthurs Seat I was well in need of some refreshments, and Holyrood 9A did not let me down. I obviously ordered the haggis burger and it was possibly the best tasting meal I had in my entire time in Edinburgh!

The price was reasonable considering the amount of food; a got a huge burger, a bowlful of chips and some sauce on the side. I could barely finish it but it was so tasty! The drink selection is also worth pursuing. The staff are very knowledgable and helped me pick a drink that would go with my food.

The layout and ambiance give the bar a laid back feel. There was a mix of students and business persons, and it wan't too busy, even on a friday. Holyrood 9A is one of the few places I would truly recommend to anyone who wants a great tasting burger in a fantastic environment on their trip to Edinburgh, or to anyone local!
I finally took myself along to Game Dev Edinburgh this week after attempting to for months. Every second tuesday game developers meet up and chat games and other things, check it out.

Anyway, this place is just round the corner from my work so i had a chunk of time to kill before the meet up happened.

The bar is dominated by a pretty huge mirrored spirits section. They've got all sorts, and most of it is pretty decent stock rather than tons of the usual smirnoff keech. I got blethering with the bar manager about various booze types and I may have committed myself to trying various silly things in the future.

as well as many spirits there are many beers of craft variety. i think about 12-15 different taps plus numerous bottles (although a fairly shocking cider selection.) I overheard the aforementioned bar manager talking about various drinks in great detail so i took the opportunity to quiz her about what was on offer and what might suit my tastes. I suspect she might have been trying to get me tanked as she kept suggesting stronger and stronger beers (8% beer on a work night?!?! eesh...) They were however all very tasty and she presented me with tasting testers without prompting which pleases me deeply. So much nicer than the glare you get from bar staff. How dare i want to check i like the taste of something before i buy a pint of it indeed. I digress.

I had a burger (naturally) and it was damn tasty. Beer mustard, hop rolled cheese, fresh crunchy salad, and a decent slab of minced beef. winner. The piri piri chips were nothing special but crunchy and salty so by no means bad. Perhaps the chunky variety are better?

I didnt order a pudding myself but someone at gamedeved did and it was gargantuan. Like bigger than the head of the girl who bought it. I was offered a sample and the ice cream, sauce, and crunch combo i taste was certainly very tasty.

This place is always rammed at weekends but was pretty quiet on the tuesday I went.

I'm sure i'll go back again!
I've only heard good things about Holyrood 9A and I've been desperate to go, but Mr LG and I just never had the time, or money. So one Saturday evening we arrived at Holyrood 9A famished and thirsty. We waited around twenty minutes on a table, which for dinner time on a Saturday evening was not bad. 

The service was grand. Not too overbearing, not too shoddy. Just right. 

I had an original burger, because I'm a plain kind of girl. The food took a wee while to come but when it did it was worth it because IT WAS THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD. Well, so far anyway. 

The cocktails were also grand but I was left unable to stomach another meal all weekend, so it must have been good!

Would recommend if you're about. The burgers are too tasty.
It took us a while to find this place, but we went the wrong way and then took another wrong turn ending up with us taking another wrong turn, but hey that's just down to
my lack of map reading ability! 

When we got there it was quite busy as they were due to start a beer tasting but they managed to find us a table, we were promptly served by lovely the lovely staff who got me my apple mojito as opposed to the normal one on the cocktail list.
They had a large variety of beer on offer, which sadly I know nothing about, choosing a beer for me would be a bit like choosing a horse at the grand national, you go with the most unusual name? 

The menu is varied and I went for a tandoori chicken burger, which was lovely although probably one of the messiest burgers I have ever tried to eat! My boyfriend had the Holyrood BBQ burger which was apparently also really good! 

There was a really good atmosphere here and it wasn't that expensive!
Service, food, and price were superb for a Sunday afternoon dinner. Holyrood 9a did not disappoint. I will be back!
I just had dinner here tonight and have to say my burger was amazing- and their beer selection is definitely impressive!
The previous reviews have been mostly spot on. If you are on the hunt for burgers and beer this place should work for you. The burger selection is  good and the arrive well presented. The staff are friendly and capable. The prices represent the market, no deal, but fair. I don't understand why there is an up-charge for seasoned chips. I wish they used bold cheddar rather than a weak swiss for the cheese.
Great beer and the best Pulled Pork Sandwich I've ever had. The BBQ sauce is amazing!!
The Restaurant Biz is tough.  You only get one chance to make a first impression.  My first impression of this place is not so good.  My incredibly simple order was a bowl of soup and a small salad.  Nearly 30 minutes later, my meal arrived.  The place was not busy, about 1/3 full.  There was no indication that the person waiting on me was concerned at all.  She represents me in the kitchen.  She should be on them to get the simple order out.  Again, soup and salad.  Should have taken 5 minutes.  Lunch needs to be pretty quick.   There was no apology, no explanation for the long delay.  The salad was above average and the soup was quite good.   Service must improve or customers like me will travel to one of the dozen other places near the square where I can get good food without a half hour wait.

*** UPDATE   I returned to give them another chance.  Today's lunch was served much quicker and the waitstaff apologized for my last visit.  The salad was delicious:  The Continental and the Beer and Cheese soup was hot and good.   my only slight complaint today was that I was asked if i wanted a refill, then was charged for that.  I didn't expect that, but it may be on the menu.  not sure.   12-2-10
Great beer, and decent food.
Nice addition to the local pub scene.  The decor is perfect with exposed stone walls and tin ceiling, only wish the building was bigger to showcase it better. Wait staff was attentive and friendly.  The $4 pints of beer couldn't be any fresher. The cheese curds are very good, beer and cheese soup was rich and tasty,  served with a good size sprinkling of popcorn.  Californian chopped salad wasn't much more than a very large plate of lettuce with a few sunflower seeds and an overdose of alfalfa sprouts, couldn't locate the promised avocado.  We will be back to try out the rest of the menu especially the fried pickles and french frites.
My significant other loved it because he's a giant Capital Brewery junkie and I could not be less impressed. There's a lot better offerings on State St, I'll say that; but if you love Capital Brewery, this is the place.

My beef with this place is that the menus are wonky: the food offerings are slim-pickings and kind of awkward choices. It's like it wants to be taken seriously as a restaurant, but really only caters to it's pub-clientele and straddles a really weird fence.

The menu offers pairings for dishes to go with its beer, which is nice and all, but I'm not a huge beer drinker. They don't put any alternative beverages on their menus so it's kind of irritating. (Though, they do have a wine and liquor list, if I recall correctly.) I wound up getting their root beer, but I wasn't aware that they'd charge you for every additional refill because it's their own blend--which, again, isn't on their menu. Ugh.

They do offer samplings of their beers, though, which is kind of nice, I guess.

I wound-up getting the Argentinian flank steak and frites. It was all right; the pesto was probably the best I've ever had in my life, but everything else was "meh," at best. It's a sign of weakness in taste when a customer has to ask for A1 Steak Sauce to have flavor with their meat.

My partner loved his chicken spiedis or whatever the hell it's called, but admitted there was a lack of flavoring there too in which neither of the two mustard offerings on the table (no ketchup, for you tomato-lovers) really helped to salvage.

When this place gets its very basic menu issues sorted out, I'd be more OK with coming back here.
I hit up the Capital Tap Haus a couple weeks ago on a particularly frigid evening, and it was just the place to warm me up. I love the interior, they did a great job transforming the cheese shop that was previously there. Cozy booths, warm lighting, and an extremely welcoming bartender (proprietor?) made for a great stop. We were too late for food, but they've got fried pickles so I assume they're doing it right.
Went here just to grab a drink with friends. There's not a ton to say - they only serve Capital Brewery beers - which is fine for one night. In general though, I feel the need for more variety. We ended up getting frites, but I was severely disappointed. Smallish portion and you can definitely get better ones elsewhere in Madison.

Environment: Small and dark. Nice decor for a place on State St. Hard to tell if it wanted to be a restaurant or a bar though.
Service: It's a weird place. There are waitresses but it's hard to tell whether you should seat yourself and just order at the bar or not.
Try the double bock beer!

Friendly Staff, nice location. We didn't eat, but the food smelled good!
Awesome outdoor seating along State Street (on the end closer to the capital bldg)

Great Pilsner that they brew right there.

Accept credit cards.  What more could you want?
I like this little classy place. It is pretty nice with LOTS of great brews. I got here pretty late a couple times but it is awesome! It has a gorgeous bar with some very classy items behind the bar such as their brass taps. They have beautiful booths that let you settle in and relax. Their staff? fantastic! really nice and really fast with drink orders. It isn't the biggest place on state but it has an awesome relaxing feel. It is one of those places to grab an afterwork drink with friends and co-workers! Their beers are crafted expertly yet they aren't too expensive!
As an alum of the UW, I've got a special place in my heart for The Capital Brewery.  I love their beer, Island Wheat being my favorite and it's always on tap at The Capital Tap Haus.  The food is wonderful as well, my wife and I love the fact that they use their beer in many of the dishes.  The cheese curds are absolutely out of this world!  You must try them if you go here!  The Capital Tap Haus gets 5 stars in my book!
great spot near the capital, with cozy outdoor seating.
A nice addition to State Street. Like the capital beers, the cheese beer soup is great, New years Eve breakfast was fun, but I was very disappointed in the Fish Fry. It is 2 to $3.00 higher than Logan's, Quaker State or Nicks and the fries are awful greasy and spunky. and throw in the $2.50 diet Pepsi and it is even less of a deal. Too bad, the fish was good. Also sometimes the staff can act cold and un interested but over all I like the feel of the place and the burgers are good and cheap. it is a nice alternative place to go
Nice outdoor seating.  Very comfortable setting.  Beer selection is from the Capital Brewery.  Good stuff, pretty come though.  I had the Wisconsin Amber and the burger.  
Both were good, beer was better than the burger.  I did really like the pretzel bun though.  
The interior is nice, definitely a place to hang and drink.
I will be back for a brew this weekend.
I went here for lunch with my friend and her boyfriend.  We went because none us had been there before and we wanted to sit outside.  None of us were really struck by anything on the menu, there was a just a weird variety of choices.  I went in wanting a salad because it was hot out, but the large salad was 8 or 9 dollars, and it is 4 dollars to add chicken to that.  Too much in my opinion (and granted healthier options do tend to cost more).  My friend and I ended up getting the burger and her boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.  The sandwiches come with a side salad or coleslaw and we all opted for the salad because if you want fries that will cost you an extra 3 dollars (half the price of my burger).  Again ridiculous. Our burgers were fine, not bad, not great.  The menu said they were served on a pretzel roll, and neither of our rolls seemed at all pretzel-y.  The side salad was pretty pathetic, it was shredded lettuce and big chunks of onion.  It made me glad I didn't order a large salad. 
The BBQ pork was supposed to come with coleslaw on the sandwich, but since my friend wanted the side salad they didn't give him the coleslaw that was supposed to come on the sandwich.  Our waitress was nice about getting him the coleslaw and explained that the kitchen doesn't put coleslaw on the sandwich (that the menu says comes with coleslaw on it) if the person gets the side salad rather than the side of coleslaw.  She said that she has to specify to the kitchen whether or not they want coleslaw on the sandwich and whether or not they want coleslaw or a salad on the side as well.  Makes things more complicated than necessary.  If you want to drink Capital beer pick some up at the grocery store and skip this place.
The beer is the only good thing.  Two of us went in at 830 and ordered food which was not presented to us until 920. We ordered soup&salad and a sandwhich so it wasn't something that should have taken that long.  People sitting next to is arrived 10 minutes later and got food 10 minutes sooner than us. We politely pointes this out and got only a shrug and a limp apollogy. The service was bad. The place was not busy but the servers were unattentive and didn't offer to get me another beer after I finished the first and still was waiting for our food 40 minutes after ordering. The food was nothing special.  When I asked for the check, the server grabbed my finally provided 2nd beer which I had only half finished! Clearly, they want you to wait forever for your food and then get you out quickly. Just bad bad service. Also there was no airflow or air conditioning on a warm August evening.  I like Cap brews, but I'm not going back to their restaurant.
I'm not usually a fan of pubs - they mostly seem to have generic interiors, bored staff and awful food (well the ones I've been to, anyway). But this place is different. 

Nothing about the menu is boring - lots of options, including healthy ones. The Californian salad is my favorite. It's huge, and IMO salad goes great with beer. This was also the location for the worst meal I've ever enjoyed. We came in for their Sunday brunch on our way to go camping one weekend... and I decided it was a good idea to try their french toast cinnamon roll. Terrible idea! But delicious! It was saturated in syrup and coated in cream cheese. It was the best thing that I will never consume again. 

The service has always been terrific. We never wait long and the servers always have good recommendations.
Had friends in town so there were three of us to start plus one that came later. They didn't appear to have the beers in stock that they have on the wall.  The wait staff seemed dumb and annoyed if you tried to figure things out. The "host" (older guy with whiting hair) appeared very annoyed that we were there still drinking beer in our booth after dining and in a huff removed some used napkins from the table. My guest said, "well, I guess that means it's time to go"  so true, and we'll never go back. Jerks.
I think if you're looking for a place to have some fries and a beer with a decent atmosphere then this is the place to go. However, if you're looking for a restaurant then you should probably try somewhere else. 

The menu looks pretty impressive, however, the food that comes out tends to be lukewarm and to be honest it's not anything special. I have been here 4 times now and this has been the case each time. The food is overpriced for what it is - which, like I said, is nothing to write home about and the waitstaff don't really want you to be there.
The Capital Tap Haus is a small bar with a couple of TV screens. They brew all their beers locally with the brewery just on the outskirts of Madison. This is an extension of the other main location they have. They have several different beers on tap which makes it nice to try new ones. I tried their Oktoberfest and wasn't a huge fan because it was a little bit bitter, but everyone was ordering it and it seemed to be well received. The size of the bar is fairly small seating about 40 people tops. It was fairly empty on a rainy Wednesday evening but I could see it being a bit more busy on a weekend evening.
Service was horrible. Food and beer was good, but were ruined by a waitress trying to hurry us out the door and clear plates and glasses before we were finished. Don't go here if you actually want to be able to enjoy your meal and drinks... there are many many better places to eat and get a good beer around the capital.
Love the beer, but the food... not so much.  To be fair, I have only been there once and was the only one eating.  Fries were pretty good, but the po boy sandwich was really not good.
Great place for really good Capital beer and probably some snacks.  Wouldn't recommend it for a full meal.
I popped in for a late lunch by the Capital after running some errands. Service was prompt and very cordial. It's your typical brew-pub with dark wood tables, chairs and bar. Clean, dimly lit with some inviting oldies music playing through the mounted Bose system. 

As usual, I ordered my customary Fish and Chips entree. This is their Fish Fry Friday Every Day which is a whole fileted haddock beer battered. Ok. The fish was the star of this plate. Great size for a $13 meal, fried to a perfect crisp without being heavy, and the meat flakes like nobody's business. Served with salt and peppered real potato fries and coleslaw. Fries were  good, but I would have liked to see them be more creative with the tartar and coleslaw. Just a bit dry and bland on the slaw. 

I need to come back for their beer flights and other meals. Solid experience.
I was craving a burger on my walk up to the Capitol, so I figured I would try this place out since it has been around for a while now and had, presumably, ironed out any wrinkles.

The atmosphere is very nice, plenty of TV's if you want to watch sports (no subtitles were on though) and it really feels like a comfortable place to hang out.  The place was relatively empty when I was in, but it was only 6:30pm when I walked in the door.

I sat myself at the bar and was promptly greeted by the bartender.  She brought me the menus that I asked for, explained what was on tap, and as soon as I heard "Hop Cream" I knew what I was drinking.

The beer also arrived quickly, which was nice seeing as the place wasn't busy.  Some places seem to lag when it's slow and when it's packed, but this place was great so far.

I ordered the Tap Haus Burger with Gorgonzola and I asked to add pub chips to my order.  Now, the burger is $6.75 on its own, but the menu says that it is served with a salad.  I added Gorgonzola for $1 more.  $3 to add pub chips

The food didn't take long, but I was surprised that instead of "adding" pub chips to my order, the pub chips took the place of the salad.  There was some pitiful coleslaw thrown on there, and maybe that's their salad for the sandwiches...but I hope not.  Anyway, I was surprised that for $2 less than an actual side order, I basically lost my side salad with my burger and got less chips and no garlic aioli.  In other words, what showed up on my plate was not worth the $10.25 I paid for it.

The burger itself was well cooked, medium-well even though I wasn't asked how I wanted my burger cooked.  The meat was well seasoned as well.  A lot of places miss that part for some reason.  The garnish (lettuce, red onion, tomato) was ok, but it seemed like they took the time to painstakingly cut it all as thin as possible so that they could make their onions and tomatoes go further.  Granted, I'm sure it's a deli slicer because their pub chips are just as (paper) thin.  In any case, they were present on the burger but didn't really show up on the palate other than the onion.  They might do better with a lightly pickled red onion because uncooked red onions basically dominate everything on the plate when you eat it.  Speaking of pickles, there was a pickle spear and it was standard as pickles go.  The pretzel bun was good, though once you actually grab your burger the bun basically compresses to the thickness of a dime.  There is integrity to the bun though, so that's a plus I guess.  I didn't taste anything pretzel-like, but it looked like a pretzel bun with the very dark and glossy shell.  If they could give it a hard roll sort of texture and throw on a couple pieces of salt...it would be more of a pretzel I think.  

The pub chips are ok, but they are too thin to fit what I think of as 'pub' anything.  I know I'm being picky, but I was thinking of something thicker than what I got.  Seeing as I paid $3 for the small handful of these thin-cut fries...there may be some bitterness tainting my review here.  Actually, I think a lot of it could have been avoided had I been given the garlic aioli that comes with the pub chips regularly and, as I assumed, when you ADD them to your order (not SUB).  Even my receipt said I added the pub chips, not substituted them.

The coleslaw was a lame throwaway on the plate.  It serves no real purpose other than to be a bland garnish, which it was.  So, if that's what they're going for...mission accomplished.  I ate it because I was pretty hungry.

The Hop Cream was ok.  Not very creamy for a cream ale though.  Not very hoppy either, but that may just be the recipe they're going for.  If you like really creamy cream ales or hoppy ales, don't get this one.  If you want something that won't assault your palate like a lot of hoppy beers will...then this is your beer.  It was a lot like bubblegum though; good when I was drinking it, but I won't remember it (or order it again).  The pint was $4.25, which is pretty normal as pints go.

Total for a burger, a few chips and a pint: $15.31  *ouch*  I regularly tip 20% and the bartender deserved it seeing as most of her checks were not customers so much as people who work at the bar (she said it, I overheard it).  Anyway, all told I was $18.31 in the hole after a semi-satiating meal that left me wanting more in a lot of ways.  

Moral of the story? Don't get a burger & fries.  You're going to pay just about the same for most entrees and, based on what I read anyway, you're probably going to get more bang for your buck.  I did think it was cool that they had a roasted 1/2 duck on special, but $18.99 is a bit steep seeing as it's coming out of a pub kitchen.  I should also say that they use Hereford beef which is a very nice touch.

I couldn't tell if they use anything local.  If they do, they should mention it on the menu.  You can get better food for the same price or a tad more up on the square.  I might go back
I had a gift certificate for the Capital Tap Haus and thought I'd give it a try for lunch.  I ordered the chicken breasts with mixed seasonal vegetables and mashed potatoes and Californian side salad.  The salad was great, albeit quite small for the $6 price tag.  I was quite disappointed with the entree though.  The chicken breast was dry and cold.  The seasonal vegetables consisting of yellow and green zucchini and spinach were soaked in olive oil, not seasoned at all and cold as well.  To top it off, I felt sick 20 minutes after eating the meal, which may or may not be related to the food but does not bode well for the establishment.  The only redeeming quality of the experience was the service; the waitress was really nice.  Perhaps try the place out for a drink but from this experience, I'll be staying away from the food.
we wound up here last night after finding 40+ minute wait times at every dining establishment on the square. the host said 10-15 and we were starving, so we got beers and waited. 

I am not a fan of capital beers, but decided to try a dark anyway... and it was a letdown, just like every other capital brewery beer I've had. I will never understand why people love these mediocre beers so much, but I digress.

we were seated and our waitress was great- fast and friendly, and the only reason this review is getting two stars instead of one. we ordered some cheese curds to share and they looked normal, but tasted burned. and my blue cheese burger, the one that sounded so delicious on the menu? the pretzel roll was burned, and the burger itself was devoid of flavor. 

as if all that weren't bad enough, they were playing some awful new country the entire time. yuck.

if you aren't picky about your beer, food or music, this might be your place.
I came here for just some drinks. We sat outside... it was okay but nothing special. The inside was pretty empty except for a few people watching the playoffs. I was a bit disappointed with the beers... I got a flight and did not care for any of them. I guess I was hoping that I'd find something I would love... not here.
the food was amazing! staff great, good beer flights, very cheap for such high quality food. this is a tap haus done right! the BLT with salmon and avocado was awesome, but my wife's sherried oyster and mushroom soup stole the show and i don't like oysters.
We stopped here during a mini impromptu bar crawl that my bf and I went on last Sunday in Madison. This was newly built since we were last here so we decided to check it out. The decor is ok but pretty standard. I had their speciality bloody Mary which was infused with garlic, peppers, and onions. I am a sucker for infused vodkas but this one was a little overpowering with the garlic. I would give this place another shot and try out the food next time.
I visited here with my boyfriend during the week of July 4th.  The bar was not full, but the bartender took about 20 minutes to get our drinks.  On top of that, she ended up dropping a TON of glasses on the floor which shattered and FLEW UP AND ONTO ME and the immediate area.  I spent the next 30 minutes looking and picking glass out of my scalp and my body.  After mentioning to get a new soda because THERE MIGHT BE GLASS IN IT, she got another soda, never apologized that I had a small glass factory in my hair (and yes, it cut a bunch of hair out), and charged me for the soda.  Lame.  She was more concerned with her toe hurting than the fact that her guests might be bleeding or ingesting broken glass.  I'm not talking about maybe either, I'm talking about huge pieces that landed all over.
The food was OK. The beers were OK. The atmosphere was OK. The place was OK. I guess because there are close (better)alternatives like the Great Dane and the Old fashioned I'd give this spot an OK. I would go back and give it another try but only if with a lively bunch to help me through.
The Capital Tap Haus is an average burger place with a limited selection of beer. They only serve Capital Brewery beers which is just okay. The food is nothing special and I would try other places around the square before I stopped back here.
Came here late night for Autumnal Fire. Good beer, not my style, but I can appreciate it. We also had some apps - very delish. Pub fare with a little uumph.
I've been here a couple times now. The service has always been quick & friendly and they have some really tasty dishes. Our favorites include the reuben rolls, harvester sandwich, and fish fry! 

Capital Tap Haus is a nice step up from bar food for a casual night out!
I know this might cause a huge war but I'm just going to throw this out there... "This place has the best cheese curds in Madison, period!" If you forget to order them, just do yourself a favor and immediately return to the restaurant and demand you get a serving of the delicate morsels.

They certainly have an advantage as they have the best beer batter mix AND they are an extension of the Capital Brewery in Middleton. Which for a previous yelper to complain why they don't have any other beer brands is beyond me. Why would you WANT anything else??? Capital Brews rock!!

Their simple menu does them well, as they can execute it well. The sandwiches come with a standard side salad and a much more healthy choice after needing a triple bypass with their curds.

Capital Tap Haus, don't you go changing a thing!
Today Date: 9/29/2012, Time: 12:31:18 PM, Server Name: Lilli, Check Number: 128449
We had the Mussels and Frites, an Annual Tap/Octoberfest and a Tap Haus Bloody Mary. Sat at the bar. Servers inattentive, watching the football game , on TV. Chatting with each other at the other end of the bar. 
See menu:
http://www.capitaltaphaus.com/menu.php

Told the wait staff that the quoted 'One pound of Prince Edward Island mussels' was about a half pound shy. They said the told the cook/ chef....okay and what did he have to say?
 The Frites were good fries... 'Served with a"Chef sauce", a combination of half Dark Capital BBQ sauce and half mayonnaise'....a squirt of BBQ sauce in a plastic cup with some mayo, not even mixed.

Average quantity is 20-25 mussels per lb
there were 11 on our plate- 
the MENU stated we were getting 1 LB PEI Mussels...

We missed a half lb somewhere.

http://www.tourismpei.com/pei-mussels

Note the last Paragraph 
It states 20-25 mussels per pound.

http://www.simplyseafood.com/newsletters/1007/mussels.html

http://wiki.answers.com/Q/How_many_mussels_are_in_a_pound

Total bill:  Sub Total:  26.90
                         Tax:    0.82
                    TOTAL: 27.72 
Tip:(by NO mistake):  1.00

PRICELESS!
Strange space.  Small  menu.  The burger was good but the "bread dumplings", I think they were called left a whole lot to be desired.  The space is so cramped I can't believe the waistaff put up with it.
When coming back to visit my alma matter is is always tough to narrow down where we want to eat.  After a game at Camp Randall we wandered to state street away from the crowds and decided some good beer and dinner would be in order.  We were a group of 6 and were told half hour for a table - no problem we can wait at the bar.  Well after waiting at the bar for an hour we just decided to order up there.  Only problem the bartender missed half our group and didnt come back for quite some time.  She also gave us quite the look when we ordered two cheese curd plates and two deep fried pickle plates in addition to dinner.  Hey I come back to Wisconsin very rarely let me have my deep fried goodness.

Of course the curds, beer, and beer cheese soup were amazing.  With so much to pick from in Madison they may want to up the service if they want to last.
My friends and I stopped by here for the first time when the wait was too long at the Old Fashioned. I mean, if you're looking for some pub food, this is a nice choice. The menu isn't large, but there are the classics you need on it. Burgers, fries, grilled cheese, cheese curds, salads, etc. They do make a pretty mean Friday fish fry and the servings are generous. This is a good place to go on hockey game days because it is far enough down State that it isn't too crowded.

The beer is great as always. I've had a few of their seasonals here including the Hop Cream Ale, Capital Dark and Oktoberfest.

Inside the restaurant it can get crowded. During the summer, you can eat outside on State Street. Always a treat!
When I go to Madison's Capital area, I tend to prefer dive bars, but this brew-pub featuring the beers of Capital Brewing is worth a visit. The food was your typical pub grub, with a little more flair when it comes to the specials, and an ample selection of local food options as well. All in all, for a strip where there are not a lot of great choices, this is a place for the beer lover to go try some brews. 

The servers are very friendly and helpful.
A solid and satisfying lunch on the patio. Though nothing was a standout, my bloody mary and grilled veggie sandwich were tasty nonetheless. The staff was friendly and helpful but hands-off enough for me to enjoy the beautiful September day and do some people watching.
Got the tour from guide Alan.  What a great tour he gave!  Really enjoyed it.  We had a pitcher of the blonde dopplebock which was terrific too.  Nice place, a little older than some of the older breweries in Madison area but it certainly had character.  Would definitely return for the patio in the warmer months!
It was wonderful food, at a great price and with wonderful service.  They had a great selection on the menu and it was conveniently located about a block from the Capitol.
Food ranges from average to mediocre, although I like the pulled pork sandwich. Wash it down with a beer flight or a boot. I mainly go out of convenience (it's located right by the Square) - and for the trivia, which is great when you can actually get a table. If you get there after 8:00 on a Monday or Thursday, be prepared to stand.
Good beer good eats
You have to to try the beer battered cheese curds and reuben rolls!

*And come on a Sunday whenever Pat is working to wash it all down with a delicious bloody mary of his!
I tried this place out for Restaurant Week.  I thought it would be a great way to get away for a quick, fun lunch.  To tell you the truth, I was a bit disappointed.  Restaurant Week is supposed to be a way to try new restaurants, a variety of their menu items and get a little discount.  

This menu has been going on since Sunday.  It is now Wednesday and the waitress could not answer my basic questions about the menu.  First, I asked what my dipping sauce options were and she named four, mentioning ranch twice.  No big deal.  Then I asked about the temperature of the chocolate cake.  Warm or cold.  Easy question.  I was told warm, she went back twice to find out it was cold.  Little things.  There are only three options for each course, so maybe your servers should know the menu.  

The first course was delicious.  It was small.  There were three cheese fritters. They were delicious but I was upset by the size.  Each course is set for one person but should be the size if the person were ordering an appetizer individually.  This is supposed to be a deal and I feel like I was overcharged.  A full size appetizer is usually $7 (so let's be generous and say this was $5 worth).  

The second course was a flank steak sandwich.  The steak serving was stingy.  A quarter of my sandwich did not have steak on it.  It was oily and at time unappetizing.  This sandwich is normally about $7 (when it comes with a side).  This did not come with a side.  It was a lone sandwich accompanied by two small pickles.  So let's be generous and say it was worth $5.  

The third course was dessert.  I chose New York Cheesecake with berry compote.  It was a beautiful presentation.  However, it was not a full piece of cheesecake.  It was a half piece.  So I paid $15 for this lunch.  $5 for half an appetizer, $5 for a lone sandwich and $5 for half a piece of cheesecake.  I would have been better off ordering a single appetizer to share with my lunch companion.  A full sandwich, that would come with a side and dessert.  

I looked at their menu and calculated all of this and I would have spent the same amount of money for much more food.  That was the worst deal I have ever experienced.  The service was lacking.  If I were you, I would go to Samba and get a better bang for your dollar.
Patrick the Monday night bartender set us up with some delicious Mutiny IPA's. It tasted great to me. Didn't try the food but I see a lot of people complaining about it... I find that a little odd. This doesn't seem like the kind of place you go to for the food. 

The trivia was fun and they have a big jug of vodka with various veggies floating in it that Patrick said he made bloody Mary's with.
My vegan stew was good.
Root beer was good.
Service was good.
Prices were good.
Location was good.

Nothing spectacular, but getting all the above right definitely deserves 4 stars.
(Edited because I thought the original was too harsh):

I can't speak to the food, but I can certainly talk about the beer. Nothing irritates me more than overpaying for bad beer--and that's why I've given them the dreaded "one star."

Service was excellent and the place has a cool layout--nothing wrong with that. I want to issue an apology to Great Dane--your beers are not the worst/mediocre (Dane's were never bad, though) in Madison. I am sincerely sorry.

Capital charged $15 for a boot. I can now say I've had their entire lineup--from the overly-malty IPA to the cardboard-like Amber...this beer is simply not good. And by "not good", I mean just plain bad. I have NO idea how Madisonians voted this place for "Best of Madison"--I'd much rather have a $6 pitcher of Bud or PBR than the stuff Capital produces.

If you want good, local, well-brewed craft beer, go to Ale Asylum, Karben4, One Barrel, the Great Dane, or Vintage. Do NOT, under any circumstances, spend your money here.

I know it's a bad review, but words cannot describe how bad and overpriced Capital is. Yeah, it's a cool spot, but if you're charging me $5/beer (in Wisconsin)? It better be good. Brewers: I have no idea what you're doing, but when my homebrews come out 100x better than your stuff, I know there's a problem.
Two words: Reuben Rolls!!!  They are amazing and I would recommended them as a started for anyone who is a fan of Reuben sandwiches, egg rolls, or deep fried deliciousness. 

For my entree I had the Californian salad with salmon. It was good, but I'm not dying to go back and get it again. The beer is from Capital Brewery, which I like, so I did a beer flight to try a few different taps. 

Overall a good experience, and we'll go again if we're in the area, but we won't be making a special trip.
We went here to watch a Badger game. Things started out well - we got good seats at the bar and the Bloody Mary was good. That's the one star. Food and service were bad. We ordered the fries for me and a Reuben with cole slaw for my husband. The Reuben, coleslaw and fries came out on the same plate. Annoying, but I dealt with it. 

The fries were awful - limp, soggy and cold. When I asked the bartender about the chef's sauce that was supposed to accompany the fries, he seemed surprised that I wanted it. Um, if it's menued as coming with a sauce, I expect it to come with a sauce... He put the sauce order in and I waited, and waited, and waited. 15 minutes later, I get a cup of mayo with a squirt of BBQ sauce on top. Seriously? That took 15 minutes to "make"? By then, my fries were even worse and not worth eating. 

The Reuben was nothing special, but it wasn't bad. The coleslaw were just as bad as the fries, though. Soggy and watery with no flavor. I honestly had no idea that food as basic as fries and coleslaw could be that bad. 

Don't waste your time or money here. You're better off at the Great Dane (better beer there, too!)
Sad to say that this was not a good dining experience.  

We live in Middleton (home of Capitol Brewery) so we were cheering for the tap haus to be successful.

The space is quite beautiful.  Lots of dark wood and a pressed tin ceiling.

Our server was slow and less than enthusiastic.  The place was practically empty but when we needed something we'd see the server standing on the other end of the bar chatting with another server.

We were a little pressed for time so we decided to do a few appetizers instead of a full meal.

The Bavarian pretzel was large and pretty good.   The cheese sauce was runny and had an off putting flavor that's hard to describe.

The mussels were luke warm and tough.  The sauce again had an odd flavor.  Perhaps Capitol beers are just not good in sauces?

We also had the antipasto plate.  Boring.  The grilled veggies and goat cheese were fine but nothing special.  The grilled toast was a bit like Wonder bread with margarine.  

When eating around the square in Madison one expects chefs to step up with ingredients (hopefully fresh and local) and imagination.  Both were disappointing at the tap haus.
Good beer. Sub-par menu and food. Service is usually decent. 

They really need to work on the menu - selection, quality & portion size. This is probably the only place in Madison that I've been to where their cheese curds taste bad. How you can mess up deep fried food, I don't know.

They have a prime location which, incidentally, is only blocks from my house. So, it's really a shame this place isn't better.
A nah. Overly priced for such low quality food. Nuff said.
The Tap Haus is fine, but only fine. Not great, not horrid, but fine. It's one of the rare places in Madison that give me a very neutral opinion on its existence.

Unless if a certain tap is on special, the beer is usually a bit too expensive there. Some of the taps run for $7 a pint, and considering that they serve a beer that costs $7 at Woodman's for a 6 pack, it certainly seems marked up. I think most of them are decent, a couple aren't so good, and a couple are dang good. But regardless, I think they prices on pints should be lower than they are by a little bit.

As for the food, I think that they have a good selection of appetizers at least. The pretzel is big, and comes on a hook, which is fun. The cheese curds are decent, the fries are decent, and the deep fried vegetables are good. There's a good selection of deep-fried stuff overall. The Sandwiches are just ok though. When I had the veggie sandwich and the grilled cheese, I just felt like it could've added a seasoning or extra ingredient to give it a better flavor. The chopped salads are also just ok. Not really too creative, but the ingredient quality is decent enough.

The space itself is fine too. A lot of seating, big booths, good decor, a decent number of tvs but none that are too large (which can be good or bad depending on the occasion). Overall, everything about the Tap Haus makes it a decent place, but rarely a destination spot. It's probably someplace to keep in mind if you're on the Capitol square and the Old Fashioned or Cooper's are looking too crowded.
I am next door neighbors with the actual Capital Brewery in Middleton so I was rooting for this experience to be awesome. Therefore, it's very sad for me to have to say that my experience here last night was pretty cringe-worthy. 

We ended up at Capital Tap Haus after finding out that there was no way our group of 6 was going to get a table for Team Trivia at Tipsy Cow five minutes before it began. Someone suggested this place as an alternative, and they had Trivia at 8:30, so in we went.

We were seated and the waiter came over to take our drink orders. We each ordered either a beer or soda and waters all around. We also requested that they turn on the Brewer's game, which  the server enthusiastically agreed to do.

10 minutes pass. No water. No drinks. TV channel still showing not-Brewers.

A member of our party (politely) flagged down a different server and requested the Brewer's game on TV. This server also agreed to do it for us. 10 more minutes pass and the game still isn't on.

This went on for awhile, and it seemed like it was taking forever for them to change the channel and bring water. The restaurant was almost empty too, so there wasn't much excuse for the extremely inattentive service. In the end, we had to ask 2 or 3 different people FOUR times for the Brewer's game before they turned it on! It also took way too long to get our water and drinks.

This alone didn't ruin the experience for me...what ruined the experience was that nothing else about the night was good either. Service continued to be slow and inattentive. The  general consensus of our table was that that food was overpriced and mediocre. For example, they charge $3.00 for a side of regular fries with any sandwich or burger, and the fries were served cold and soggy. I know rent on State St. is expensive, but really? 

The one saving grace  of my otherwise dismal experience, and the reason I refrained from giving the Capital Tap Haus  one star, was that the sandwich I ordered, a Reuben, was very tasty. I would say that it ranked in the upper 20% of Reubens that I've had in my life: Thick and toasty marble rye, flavorful and *tender* corned beef, tangy, but not overpowering sauerkraut, and "perfect-amount-of sweet" thousand island dressing.

Would I return to the Capital Tap Haus? Probably not anytime soon.
I've visited Capital Tap Haus a total of about 4 times. In particular, I really enjoyed my last visit. I had a Bloody Mary with their infused vodka which was really good. I find it difficult now a days to find a decent Bloody Mary, but I really enjoyed this one. It was spicy and sweet. Delicious. Highly recommend you try it if you're a Bloody Mary fan. I also ordered the chicken BLT sandwich. I've ordered it twice so far and it keeps me coming back. I order it along with a salad and a side of grilled vegetables. This side usually consists of sauteed spinach and grilled squash and zucchini. Looking forward to enjoying a Bloody Mary out on their patio along with my chicken BLT.
My wife and I stopped in to try some beers on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed. We waited probably 10-15 minutes for a small high-top table next to the packed bar. We both ordered a couple beers which were OK but not great.

Our server asked what we'd like to order and we told her we just wanted to try a couple beers, we'd already had something to eat earlier. She responded saying she'd "have to ask us to leave" because they only allow people who are ordering food at the tables. Being that the bar was packed and there was a perimeter of 2-3 people standing around it, that didn't really seem like such a great suggestion to a paying customer. I seriously couldn't believe I'd just been told to leave the establishment because I wasn't ordering food. That was a 1st for me and the last time I'll ever visit or purchase anything from that brewery. Luckily none of their beers are that great anyway...
Amazing place excellent service
I had an awesome rootbeer...no really.  The turkey cobb sandwhich was annihilated and the string fries were polished off.  The place was brand new when I went.  It was all good. I plan on going again soon.
Beer and gourmet pizza! Awesome!! the staff was great and gave us 20% off for military!! :) totally amazed the atmosphere was so pleasent and perfect lighting! :D
Waitress had no idea what she was doing, food was only OK and they forgot my wife entire entre. Drinks and food is way overpriced.  All in all a bad experience. We won't be going back.
This is a mixed review. Have been to BJ's twice now, this was the second excursion Actually give the food a 5 and service -2.. This is a new BJ's for the valley. Will say out of the box the menu is vast and all offerings at great. Both of us had salads..and they were fantasic...so no quams about the food...My rub is w/ staff. This is a new restaurant and hoping they are just working out the bugs so will see in the future. Our hostess met us and we as she said "strolled" to our seating..It was a very, very slow stroll. If I had known where we were being seated I would of walked past her. We arrived at 4:20 pm..my concern was if we would get to our seat before the dinner rush. Other rube was severs/wait staff are overly attenative. She must of interupted us 7 times during our 1 hr dining experience..she was way over the top. After she presented us w/ the bill she actually returned 3 times w/ in a 5 min period to try and collect.  Be watchful where your seated. If your adverse to small children/tikes around you..I come for a pleasant dining experience. If you are seated in the area furtherst from the bar area you might find yourself in a child day care area, with screaming children and parents who think thats cute....Don't bother asking for comment cards to express your concerns they don't have any.
Ok so I went 3 times in one week, thats how much I lOVE this place!! This time it was with a group of 6... unfortunatley they sat us in a booth barely big enough for all of us (probably didn't help having 3 buff men either ;P) but so this time we all kinda tried everyone elses meal and it all tasted amazing! as well as the Jerimah red beer! lol 

Dessert: Well i would say if you get a Pazooki and have less the 8 ppl don't get the party platter! HUGE is all i can say! The party Pazooki is a HUGE cookie i mean like 12" to 14" in a variety of flavors... We had gotten a triple chocolate (death by chocolate) had about 6 to 8 scoops of giridelhi choc. chip ice cream on a choc. choc. chip cookie... yea so now you see... Death by chocolate! lol We all had a little slice of the cooke and a scoop of the AMAZING ice cream! it was DEEEEEEELLLLICIOUS!!! :D
Our first visit to a BJs.  Several friends had said "YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS   PLACE" and believe me, if I could make the caps bigger I would!  This is the third and newest location to the Vegas valley, and all I can say is, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE lol.  My wife and I went on a Monday afternoon, typically a slow time for a restaurant but not this time, the joint was packed, so we knew something good was happening.  

We started with the Avocado eggrolls which simply melted in our mouths. I had the Tatonka stout, their darkest beer, and for those who like stouts, this was the richest, creamiest, chocolatiest stout I've ever had, a party in my mouth.  We shared the deep dish Mediterranean pizza, and it was fantastic, took half of it home.  Shared a chocolate chunk pizookie for dessert, but honestly, the rest of the meal was so fantastic that the famous pizookie was simply a pleasant afterthought at that point.  

Can't tell you how happy we are, as former east coast residents, to finally find pizza THIS good in Las Vegas, because let me tell you, it's been a long search!
Pizookie near my house, ahhhhhh!!!!! 

I am so happy BJ's opened up in Centennial. I was so excited when I saw it being built and could not wait for it to open. I can hope for shorter lines than the one in Summerlin! 

Well I went to visit this place last Friday for lunch and enjoyed my experience. The decor is pretty much the same but I love the big open windows because the one in Summerlin feels like its in a casino. We were greeted and seated right away. Our waitress was very attentive, a little to much at the end after we paid but she will get over it, haha. I ordered the club sandwich and my friend ordered the pulled pork. Both were very yummy and came out in a timely fashion. Of course we than had to have some pizookies! I ordered the red velvet and wow that's one sugar rush. It was so yummy! I was hurting at the end. 

Even when its busy I love coming here just because the atmosphere and they have some good food and beer! I am so happy this place is so close now. I may need to go to AA for Pizookie's!
Great looking restaurant! Food was awesome and service is still getting into the swing of the new place. But, I give it 5 stars for being the best new restaurant in 89149. It will be even better when they have the outdoor seating completed this fall.
Not sure who wrote that first review but they may be an employee of BJ's.
Hope the management is reading this because the one thing that guy had right was 'getting into the swing of things.' Service was a train wreck! Let me say it was not the front end waitresses' fault. We waited a half an hour for our food. And it was appetizers? The food they brought out tasted more like bar food. C'mon guys, get it together! Were you just in a hurry to get the place open? Where is the Yard House in the Northwest?
Great new place. Great food and friendly service. Baby back ribs were excellent.  My wife's steak was perfect. We will be back!
Wow, this place exceeded my expectations. I give their appetizers 5 stars. I always look for healthier appetizers and most places don't seem to have them. So sick of chips and dip and chicken wings for appetizer. We had the ahi pieces and the stuffed mushrooms and I really enjoyed both of them. The pizza pies were really good too. We had half Mediterranean and half Alfredo. So bad/good I don't have a sweet tooth and actually didn't enjoy the Pazooki, waaayyyy too sweet for me.
This is a good neighborhood restaurant that does not disappoint.  There was a wait on a Sunday evening when we went so we just sat in the bar area instead.

The deep dish pizza is really amazing.  It's light and tasty.  Doesn't leave that heavy pit in your stomach after you walk out.

Do NOT get the Caprese salad as the appetizer.  It was average and nothing you wouldn't whip up at home.  Very mediocre.

Don't go out of your way to eat here, but don't avoid it either :)
I love this place! food was great and the service was good. Pizookie is aaamazing! def  a good date night place, or even just to hang out with friends!
Food-Great
Service-sucks

We have been here 4 times since they opened recently. The very first time, Service was wonderful, everything was A-okay. Second time, we called ahead since they offer that. We asked for a table for 4. We get there and check in to be told its a 35 minutes wait. Um, Ok. Why call ahead....? So then after the wait they lead us to a booth. I said we have to have a table...They explain that the take out employees take the call aheads and dont take any requests down. Um ok...well we wait in line again another 25 minutes. Finally get a table and guess what....No waiter was assigned to our table. Finally I flag a gentleman down after sitting for over 10 minutes and turns out he is a trainer in town to train this location since their so new....Well, He was wonderful. OF COURSE. Food was still a plus. Third and fourth visits...Pretty much same shit. Forget the food...I will go where they have there shit together !!
Haven't been to BJ's in years and tried this one with my family.  Loved it! Great food, great service!  The best is their new portobello mushroom pizza and their best beginnings appetizer! Let's not forget Pizookie!  But it can get crowded so go early!
Took 5 kids and a friend out for dinner.  Although it was only 5:30PM midweek, the place was packed! 
Seated quickly, Service very good,
Food above average.
Price was fair.

We had everything from a burger to pasta to tillapia and it all looked tasty.  Nothing was marvelous but everything was well cooked.
We have been to this place twice. Service and food are outstanding! The first time they were very busy but our wait for a table was less than five minutes. Our server was a tad slow but we didn't mind as it gave us time to look over the menu. She was super friendly and helped me make a selection. I got the tilapia. The husband got the jumbalaya. Both were so good. They do their own rootbeer and cream soda and I can't say enough about those. You can actually taste the butterscotch in the cream soda. The second time we went was a Friday night. They will not accept reservations for a party under 10 but if you call before you arrive they'll add you to the wait list. We called half an hour before we left the house and added our name to the list. When we arrived the place was packed to the point that people had to wait outside. We walked right in and they had a table for us. No waiting at all! We got some very dirty looks. lol  Despite being very busy our server was attentive and quick. I got the thai salmon covered in mango salsa. Amazing! Husband got the chili burger. My friend got a club. We were all so into our food we ate in silence for quite some time. I tried their black cherry soda. It was really good. The only gripe I have is that I ordered their gluten-free pizookie at the end of our meal. I got it to go. They did make us wait a bit for that and later, when we opened it up, we discovered the pizookie was not cooked. It was just a doughey mess. I was very disappointed by that. I had also expected it to be somewhat bigger. It is $5.99 and really just an oversized  cookie but not so big that I'd call it a pizookie. I won't be ordering that again. But we will for sure go back to BJ's for a good meal.
This is the worst experience I have ever had at a BJ's. Seriously. I will not step foot back in this particular location..EVER.

My wife got the $10 calzone and it was not longer than her fork. I added the photo so you can see no exaggerations. I got the boneless wings which was another huge error in judgement as they were not even up to par with something you would see from wendy's. 

Now....I used to friggin live at the location up in Summerlin and never had issues BUT I usually only got apps. , the happy hour pizzas, pazookies, and BEER (and their beer isn't all that either but their Pumpkin one is great..) and never had any problems. But if this is the norm for these other dishes.....I am disgusted. 

Will I go into the Summerlin location again for pazookies and such? Maybe...
Its a cross between Yard House and Cheesecake Factory.....Better beers at YH, The food selection is okay at BJ's, but even better at YH and CF....service is pretty lacking here, waitstaff tries to be more "buddy buddy" (playfully cursing F this and F that with the table inches away from us???)  and you can keep your pizookies(overrated), I'd rather have a piece of cheesecake or a kona coffee sundae....

Sorry BJ's, bottom line, all show, no go.....ALOHA!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(40/365) "The Yard House/Cheesecake Factory Wannabe"
We went to the Centennial location to celebrate a birthday.  There were 18 of us, and we called ahead to reserve a table and to give our servers amble opportunity to prepare.  The food was great, but it arrived at different times, so we didn't eat at the same time.  We would order drinks, and it would take a half hour to receive them. We asked that the tickets be separated when we ordered (each family sat together). They weren't, and although we said it was fine, that we could figure it out, our server insisted on separating them.  It took her over 40 mins to fix them.  She had to redo them 3 times!! The manager tried to make amends, as three of our orders were wrong (we got those free), but he shouldn't have had to.  If I were him, I would have a training class to show how to wait on large groups. I'm sure we'll go back, but never with a large group as we were there a total of 4 hours!!!
Came for HappyHour ($2off drinks and apps, half off mini pizza) with Angela H. 

I had the Portobello mini pizza (half off during HH) and it was pretty good with a mix of portobello mushroom, carmelized onions, balsamic glaze and thyme. It was crisp outside and soft inside so it was cooked right. 

Off the mini bites I tried the artichoke hearts (not on HH)- pretty tasty. It was perfectly crispy fried and the dip was good with it. 

Service was decent enough. We decided to settle checks and get our pizza packed early but were staying a moment. I kinda wish we had some ice tea still, but I guess if you settle your check, you don't need to be seen to anymore.
Love this new location, mostly because it is close to the house. Usually come here for a few drinks and dinner with friends. It is usually busy around the normal dinner time 6-8pm. I love the lunch specials. Smaller portions but filling. I normally order a buffalo chicken pizza, grilled chicken pasta, or the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Not all at once those are just a couple of favs. Great service. Bartenders are awesome. Oh yea can't forget the pizookie.
Was surprised that I had to drive around the parking lot 3 times to get a parking space. I thought that would be a good sign, alas it wasn't. The wait was only 15 minutes and once we were seated the waitress came over right away and took our drink orders. I tried the dark beer flight. When that came I was surprised that nothing was really outstanding. Out of all 4 beers I would say that the Nutty Brewnette was the best. I ordered the Blond battered shrimp, and my better 9/10ths ordered the chicken marsala. She was very hesitant to order it because she has had amazing C.M. from another restaurant in town. My shrimp came to the table and there was 11 on the plate! Unfortunately the shrimp looked like they were smashed flat to about 1/8" and they had a very hard crust that was the batter. They had a somewhat weird taste. The 1/4 cup raminkin that the coleslaw came in was hot and so was the non dressed purple cabbage. I don't care for hot coleslaw so that wasn't eaten. My wife's chicken marsala was drowned in marsala on a bed of tasteless green beans. Overall service was nothing spectacular, because after our food came to us we had to sit and wait for our silverware. I say the place is packed for some reason, but I don't believe we will ever be back to find out why.
We decided to eat lunch here over the weekend for our first time. From the minute we sat down until the time we left, our experience was amazing! We started off with the Mozzerella cheese and tomato salad which was to die for, followed with Calamari which was also good though I still prefer Olive Garden for the calamari. We also had ahi tuna which was also really good. Our main course was a thin crust pizza which was the best I have ever had. My husband had the turkey club and my son had a mini pizza. The waitress was awesome, personable and honest. When they brough my sons pizza out, she came by the table and informed us that they had forgotten the pepperoni so they were make us a free one to go. We didn't even notice! First time I have ever had a resturant admit to wrong doing and fix it without asking! The only thing I would say was a shocker was the price. Not for the food but the drinks!! Just a regular ice and soda is like buying a whole case at the store. Other than that, the food was amazing and the service was excellent. Also, the restuarant was clean, decorated nice and did not echo so you had to shout to hear your table. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!
The food is good, but the service is appalling. First time we came her service and food were great. Second time was horrible. Service got worse and worse and we waited 40 minutes for our dessert. After saying something to the manager who delivered our dessert, she gave us a $15 gift card and begged us to come back. We did and the service was bad yet again. These servers seem to disappear for long periods of time almost like they are on break or something. We came one last time today and it is our last time. Our waiter took a while to greet us. We then ordered drinks and an appetizer. Waiter returned with our water and said our drinks would be right up. He then disappeared. Another waiter approached us after 10 minutes or so and asked if our waiter had taken our order. We said just our app and he took our order. He then tracked down our waiter who had completely disappeared. The manager finally brought our drinks from the bar. Another person brought our appetizer. Waiter came by to check on us while we were waiting forever for our entrees and said nothing about when our food would be ready.  Someone else delivered our food and my pasta got cold looking for our server to come by so I could ask for more sauce, parmesan cheese, and fresh pepper. I finally flagged down the waiter that took our order.  Someone else brought the items.  It took forever to get our check and refills on our water from our actual waiter. It s too bad they can't get their act together. There is a great need for good restaurants in the Northwest. Guess we will have to wait for a new one to open. Will not return to BJ's.
I had the nachos and a mini bj pizza. Both tasted like they were "frozen" and recooked at the restaurant. I was very disappointed. I do not believe I will be back.
A new place that opened on the north side.. Yay! So, it was a expierence think they were a little slow to star with new waiters and busers... So, expected the opening glitches... 
But since then they have performed great, good food, good service, and great beer! They even have my Pear Cider that i LOVE...
So, this place is a plus for me! Could use some price adjustments...but good food so it makes it all the more worth it...
It's alright. The drinks menu is pretty good, but the food is pretty average. 
If you like chili, don't bother with theirs...you'd be better off having Stagg chili at home. The burgers, flatbread pizzas, salads are all ok. 
Red velvet bazookie was the bomb, but I can't justify another star just for that.
i thoroughly enjoyed this place 

1. good beer selection
2.amazing pizza
3.great service and staff!
4.just go!!! lol
I had an interesting experience at this BJ's.  Friends selected it for our shared dinner, and it was a relatively new location where I had not previously dined.  The restaurant was packed on our arrival on a Tuesday night; some special promotion to benefit a charity was underway.  So, we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  That was surprising, but no big deal.  So, I was still in a good mood and looked forward to my meal. 

But the good mood darkened not long afterward.  I ordered a bowl of New England-style Clam Chowder and a Wedge Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing to start, to be followed by Chicken Marsala.  Diane also ordered Clam Chowder, and another tablemate a salad to precede their respective main courses of Potato Skins Platter (Odd choice of entree, I know!) and Chicken Marsala.  And my other dining companion ordered a hamburger with onions.

Then we waited--and waited some more for our preliminary dishes to come out, until 20 minutes had passed since we had placed our orders.  I  had just wondered aloud about why it was taking so long to receive our soups, when at last noticeably steaming food arrived at the table.  Except these weren't our beginning courses!  Because of how much time had already lapsed, I had been afraid that our starters might have been forgotten, and was somewhat frosted that my fears had materialized.  

"We haven't received our soups or salads," I said.  And the two deliverers, neither of whom were our server, looked confounded and tried to put the dishes on the table anyway.  My dining mates said nothing but I held up my hand to block a large plate of Chicken Marsala from being placed before me, declaring, "I want my preliminaries first."

"Oh, you want to wait until your soup and salad come out?" one said, and I replied tersely, "Yes."  I didn't utter any further words, but was thinking, "I don't want to have my main dish just sit here and get cold while I am waiting for and then eating my soup and salad."  Contemplating how long that time span might be, I also thought but, for the sake of a more realistic Yelp review and to see what would naturally transpire, did not actually state, "And you had better not just put under a warmer and bring back the same entree that you just tried to deposit here!"  Then the other male at my table suddenly asked, "Where are my onions?  I specifically ordered onions."  So, besides missing soups and salads, another requested ingredient had to be supplied.  But that was an easy fix, and two plates of sliced onions were quickly produced.

Luckily for us an alert manager saw what was occurring, gave some remedial directions to her staff, came over to apologize for the delay in serving us soup and salad, and offered us free desserts.  When my wife and female friend, who had already plunged into their entrees, said they no longer wanted the other dishes, the manager said she understood and was taking them off the bill either way.  She told me that she had already ordered a new Chicken Marsala to be fired up for me.  Within 5 minutes my soup and salad arrived, and a piping hot Chicken Marsala about 10 minutes later--just after I had consumed both soup and salad.  Then the four of us enjoyed free Pizookies.  The restaurant had started in the hole with me, but made a nice recovery orchestrated by the manager, which I appreciated.

As for the food itself, both soup and salad were smaller than I have enjoyed at other BJ's in the past (But what's new about that in these trying economic times?  I recently ate a can of Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup at home and, because actual chicken appeared to be so scarce, decided to carefully count the number of pieces that came out of the can--as if I didn't have anything else better to do!  I found exactly 1 bit of hydrogenated chicken!).  The Clam Chowder was excellent: very tasty with small chunks of potatoes and chives mixed in with the creamy broth.  The Wedge Salad was cold as such a salad should be, with some good and a few hard sections of  Iceberg Lettuce, Red Onion bits, some pieces of tomato, and a good Bleu Cheese Dressing.  The Chicken Marsala was very good, with crunchy mushrooms and a nice savory but mild Marsala Sauce, although thin green beans accompanying this entree were pretty hard.  The garlic in the Garlic Bread was real mild.  Potato Skins, with a fair amount of potato in the skins, were good but one had a black spot on it.  In the Pizookie Trio, the Chocolate Chunk and White Chocolate Macadamia Nut varieties were very good, as was a plain Chocolate Chip Pizookie, but I found the Red Velvet type to have a red velvet flavor that was stronger than I would have preferred.

All in all, a mixed but pretty good meal, and an overall rating that clawed its way up from one star to three.
Good selection of tasty beers.  I have eaten there a couple of times and we were seated quickly, served quickly, and enjoyed the the experience. Give it a try I think you will like it.
I find the staff needing more help in delivering service. 
On my last two visits we ordered appetizers that never arrived. Both times I had been given the same lame excuss that the order had fallen on the floor and was being recooked. I found this to be rehearsed and not very beliveable. 
The food arrived a bit cold and feel the staff may have been the same.
Having been open now for a few months, I have been here 3 times. Being one of the only "trendy" resturant in the area it can be quite busy all the time. I'm sure this is great for their business. For me there food is not worth waiting the 30-60 minute for two people. We ordered the all meat pizza and it was ok.. the crust was not cooked thoroughly. The beer is good. My biggest complaint for this resturant is the dessert menu. A pazzokie? really A) I really hate that name. B) it's nothing but a soft cookie with ice cream on it... not even original I can buy the same thing at albertsons, where I throw it in the microwave for 30 seconds slap icecream on it and shazam half the price and same taste. I wan't more choices, cheescake, a sunday, cake, etc. Until they open an outback or something better nearby I will continue to eat hear on occasion.

   I checked not good for kids, but it's not bad for kids either. It's a brewhouse so a bunch of adults getting lit is not a great atmospher for kids and they may get bored easily. Red Robin and McDonalds are good for kids. My opinion.

The customer service is lacking on weekdays. The place is filled with servers, chatting it up while we wait for drink refills, to get any kind of service.. we had to ask for water and for menus after waiting 15 minutes.
I had dinner at this location with a friend during my vegas Holiday trip. Since there's not too many in AZ whenever I can visit one in another state I jump at the chance. We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty crowded so we decided to eat at the booths in the bar area so we wouldn't have to wait. Our server was very attentive and was a good sport to put up with my friend's crazy sense of humor. I decided to start with the pomegranate margarita and ordered their Cajun pasta with shrimp as my meal. I like BJ's for the reasons why I like the Cheesecake Factory; tons of options and they're always consistently delicious. My pasta was huge,  I ate a large serving and still had lots to take with me for leftovers. For dessert my friend and I shared the baked beignet that was warm delicious and the perfect ending to my meal :-). This place is pretty solid so I may think about driving out of my way to visit one here in AZ.
Awesome service, Awesome Food...Lot of food for the money...
Consistently good. I almost always have the BJ Cobb salad. Added a clam chowder this time. Canned but still tasted good.
[Visited on Wednesday Feb 8th] I'm not big on chain places but our food was pretty good. I had chicken wontons with thai sauce and spinach stuffed mushrooms. My hubby had an "under 575 calories" meal that was very good. Lots of textures and flavors and moist chicken breast to satisfy the gastronome whose counting calories. But I ordered the small bites so that I could save room for one of those famous deliciously decadent pizookies. If you don't know what it is, I'm going to leave you guessing. Get curious and try it out - you won't be disappointed. The place gets a four on dessert alone.

Did I mention that they MAKE delectable sodas - root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda and at least one other? We rarely order non-alcoholic drinks cuz we're stingy when it comes to what we spend our dining money on - but this was well worth it plus we got free refills. We also ordered a happy hour drink, mango mojito, which was like $5. During happy hour, they also have $2 off full-size appetizers and 1/2 price mini-pizzas (which really aren't that small; they're deep dish). It was a good deal. We spent more than we usually do because we ordered drinks and dessert but it was still a good deal.

We'll definitely go back if only to sit in the bar and watch sports on one of the tvs. Also, we didn't have to wait at all for a table like Matt C. apparently had to. It was about 4pm on a Wednesday, so I guess it was a good time to dine. I'm sorry Matt C. didn't enjoy his experience, but we really liked it. I'd say try it out for yourself.
I love this place because they have the most beers on tap in the area. Dead Guy IPA is my personal favorite. 

I've always liked BJ's for their food, but I will admit that I usually go for their high calorie salads, soup and beer...

The Ahi Tuna Salad is delightful and the main thing I get here.
The other things to consider -
Chopped Salad
Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps
Santa Fe Spring Rolls
Everytime I eat here, my food and service is always wonderful. I believe her name is Amber (server) who is really attentive and gets you what you need before you ask. My favorite is their tomato mozzerella salad!! Sooooo yummy!
We visited Bj's and was greeted by Wayne. Fantastic service, great food, great ambiance. I was too full to have desert, but I've had the Pazookie white chocolate chip is to die to die for. Great post work out lunch I always appreciate great service and food.
BJ's offer curb side Pickup. So call ahead if you're planing on taking some home. If you're dining in, Explore the Beers and Ale. Also you owe it to yourself to try the Pazookie (Dessert). Nice place for a Date night. As far as the Pizza, its NOT authentic Chicago style Deep Dish but its OK. Enjoy!
We visited Bj's and was greeted by Wayne. Fantastic service, great food, great ambiance. I was too full to have desert, but I've had the Pazookie white chocolate chip is to die for. Great post work out lunch I always appreciate great service and food.
I read some of the reviews that mentioned slow and not so good service, long waits for food n drinks, etc,,,,I had a good experience last night about 6pm,,,(it was helpful I arrived well before 6pm and the dinner rush),,,i was able to get my name (party of four) on the seating list quickly and it was within minutes I was called n seated, our server and the expediters seemed fairly prompt and organized and the foods n drinks seemed timed appropriately.  The food quality was very good (one tilapia dish and one top sirloin dish) but the pizza was needing some work, I wouldn't order the pizza as it didn't appear to be their strong suit (such as throwing a few pieces of pepperoni on a pepperoni pizza order).  It was interesting that their menu offers just about everything, but they practically only have one type of dessert called 'pazookie' which is really good if you love semi cooked cookie dough w/ ice cream on top, be advised the pazookie pan is hot out of their 350 degree oven and is scalding hot, yeah I learned the hard way, I have never been to BJs before and the expediter server didn't say anything to me when she placed it on the table.  Our server seemed nice enough, good attitude and pleasant enough and he was efficient w/ just about everything, only forgetting one drink which was promptly served when reminded,,good job to him.  (I really wanted some cheesecake for dessert after a steak dinner,,,I hope that BJs will add that to their menu).
Overall service was ok. Hostess that sat us had to question if we were certain we gave the right party amount number. They tried to sit us in a booth where only 4 Adults sit. We were a party of 6 with one child. A Manager came out and saw how cramped we were and moved us. Other then that overall experience could have definately been better. I had Tortillia Soup- which had a very thick consistency. Flavor was just ok. Sampler tray was delicious.  Server was good.
We go here pretty often. Always a good meal and little one looooves the skinny French fries and Mac and Cheese.
Great flatbread, great beer and staff is very attentive and friendly
It took me 5 in a half hours to drive to Vegas from California and this is the first place I stopped to get a bite to eat.  The waitress was great and the service she gave was attentive.  The food on the other hand was average and there was way too much cheese in my pasta for my fork to pick up an average size bite.  I enjoyed myself with the friends I was with, but if you go here, tell them easy on the cheese in the pasta.
Food was good, service was terrible. I usually try to cut the server lots of slack, especially when serving large groups, but this was ridiculous.  We had a two year old so we just stopped by a coworker's retirement celebration for a short period of time. But when my son got squirmy and we tried to sneak out early, we had to wait 40 to 50 minutes for our check.  The food was slow, it took forever to get things like a spoon for my son's applesauce, and the waitress made lots of errors on the bills and credit card charging (they wound up just making us wait until everyone was ready to go and giving us our check last. So much for slipping out early). Hopefully they are working out their new restaurant kinks and the service will get better.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Well I went here tonight and service was amazing and the food was also just superb. I started tonight's experience by sampling 2 beers and deciding on the hefferveisen it was very good and I asked for an orange to complement the flavor.
 
Here we go into the meal, For starters we got mozzarella and tomato salad that I totally recommend it was only 3 dollars and it has an amazing balsamic dressing on it. YUM

Main course I ordered the Portobello pizza and the chicken pot stickers for my wife and I and they were both amazing the pizza is a must try and the pot stickers were good BUT im just not so much of a fan of them anyway so they must have been amazing for me to finish my plate of them.
Honestly?  Don't come here.  We've been going to the BJs location in Summerlin for years, and that location is FAR superior.  Every time we give the Centennial location a chance, we're extremely disappointed.  It is worth the extra drive to get to the Summerlin location.
First, the service here is always bad.  We always have to wait ages for drink refills and orders.  And, literally, every single time we've received something incorrect when the food arrives.  And I'm not talking about something small - I'm talking about an entirely different entree being presented than ordered.
Second, the "to go" service is equally horrid.  The pickup times are never even close to being correct, i.e. told 20 minutes and waited 50.  Plus, the food tastes drastically different from when you eat in versus take home.
We've decided to stop giving this location anymore chances.  An extra 20 minute drive to the Summerlin location is WELL worth it.
Quality food.. Great service..
The menu is huge looks kinda like the cheesecake factory menu. The pizza was descent. I had the darkest beer they serve and it was amazing!! Artichoke fried hearts were okay but they were pretty cheap. Will be returning to try the infamous cookie dessert. I LOVE THE CAPRESE salad and for only 3.95$ this place is great!!
We got the two person pizza deal for $20.  The pizza had a really good fluffy crust and the watermelon salad and the tortilla soup was really good.  We then finished it off with a white macadamia nut and oatmeal raisin pizookie which was also really good.  The server was friendly but we had to keep getting his attention to refill our water and had our appetizers but had no silverware to eat it with. There new beer nitwit was good and my wife had a white peach margarita which she really seemed to enjoy.  She ordered her second one and after about two sips we received the bill and only saw are waiter when he noticed the credit card.
Nasty place to eat, bad service, hair in my food, forgot appetizers, use to eat here a lot, it is bad now. Sickening hygeine.
Great food as expected from BJ's. Love the Jerry Burst and potstickers. Great service and awesome happy hour prices.
Who doesn't like BJ's? Their diverse menu offers something for everyone!  If your a pizza lover, their Chicago style pizza is a must!  The crust is thick and flavorful!  My 2 favorite specialty pizzas they offer are The Great White and the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  If you order a large, it's great for sharing with a small group of people.  If you can't decide on which pizza to order, get half of one thing and half of something else!  Yes, they will do that at no extra charge!

Their alcoholic drinks are all very tasty, but for those who aren't big on alcoholic drinks , give the root beer a try!  They make the root beer there and you'll definitely be requesting a refill. 
 
If you're a sweets person like myself, you have to get a pizookie to end your meal!  My personal favorite is the Oreo.  A pizookie is the most delicious, moist, flavorful cookie served warm with vanilla ice cram on top!
Lunch at bjs!

Like eating here, the food is good/ok, I think I enjoy the waiters personalities above everything else here. The Centennial Center is descent enough and just as good as the rest I believe. They are new and i've given them enough time to break there heels in! Overall good pizzas and beer! I still like the tomato bisque soup and it's Cheese Ham sandwich neighbor!! 
Well, it's just like a Yard house I would say~
Went there last night, Sept 28, there were four of us.  The service was bad, their mashed potatos were 
hard and dry they don't servfe them with any gravy or sauce not to mention cheese in the mashed potatos, yek!
I have had the worst luck here lately. It used to be one of my favorite places to go. I always order the sweet pig pizza and used to love it. The last 2 times I've eaten at BJs the dough tasted pre-cooked and reheated and the toppings weren't cooked and the cheese was minimal. We also got the chicken Marsala and it was flavorless and the pasta was stuck together and undercooked. I think I'm done with BJs. The kids menu is great but I can't justify spending $50 on a meal when Pizza Hut is better
I've gone to this BJ's quite a few times, and evertime it has been alright. The food is ok- they have a wide selection of things which is good, but unless you know what you are in the mood you could be searching for a while. 
My favorite item (besides the Pazookies) is the Fresh Mozzerella and Tomato salad in the small bites section. I've had a mini deep dish pizza, and it was good, but I haven't had many deep dishes so I don't know how it adds up to a real Chicago Deep Dish. 
The downside is that this location is ALWAYS packed. I know it is newer to the Centennial area, but geez, it seems that every night everyone and their mom goes there so you are left with waiting for a while. 
Service has been great everytime I go. I haven't had a problem with them yet. 
Pricewise it could be a bit expensive if you go all out. The best deal is to get the Pazookie Trio and try three different types of Pazookies for half the price of one big one. The Small Bites section is pretty cheap; they use to have an awesome Seared Ahi Tuna dish that was a great deal. I guess it was such a great steal that they had to stop it because it is no longer on the menu.
I love this place, there pizza is delicous and they have a great beer selection
Great beer selection, my favorite is the avocado egg roll! I order the appetizer as an entree. My husband loves the pizzas.
Great food, great atmosphere, and great service! I love all of there pizzas.
Totally delivers on what it advertises....good locally brewed beer and pretty good food.  Service, cleanliness and decor is great....we feel very comfortable there...a step above TGIFs and similar places.  Been several times and will continue to patronize.  Recommend the Piranha Ale.
Love this place!! Everything is great. Wish they had Pumpkin Ale all year!
I always get good service here. They are a reliable place to grab a brew...or two with a great staff and great food.
Awesome Awesome food, John our waiter was friendly and knew his menue items. He suggested some great food and beer. The wait was 20 mins but worth it.
Great service, nice atmosphere, decent food, great dessert!

I went on a Saturday afternoon right before the dinner rush. Our server was phenomenal. He said it was his last day so unfortunately I can't direct patrons to his section, but even the managers were great. We were asked how our service and our food was twice while we were there and we has nothing but praise during our lunch. 
The California Chicken Sandwich was alright, but too greasy for my own liking. The wedge fries were good though and the sangria was tasty. I shared the red velvet pizookie with my friend and it was phenomenal. It was perfect for 2 to share and I highly recommend it!
I've been to BJ's plenty of times but this was the first time at this location and so far  it's definitely my favorite.
Horrible in comparison to other BJ's locations I've been to. I asked our waitress, Candice, for silverware and napkins at the same time my (first) date and I ordered drinks. Drinks came, no silverware. We then ordered an appetizer, no silverware after asking again. Then we ordered our entrees, they came and we still had no silverware or napkins. I don't know why I left our waitress a tip, she didn't do a damn thing. We had three different people bring out our food, none of which were Candice. There was a blonde spiky-haired guy, that brought out our appetizer, he spoke in the most ridiculous fake New York accent; awkward at least because he was loud as fuck. Horrible start to what I was hoping was going to be a good night with a fine young hunnie. Seriously upset I paid $58 for this crap, should've just taken her to Cane's and gotten better service from a high school kid. Bullshit. Their fries are garbage and from a bag too.
during the lunch hours, they are fast and have great service. I always go to order off the lunch menu because I'm broke! 

I usually order that parm crusted chicken sandwich, which is delicious. Their gourmet Mac and cheese and stuffed mushrooms are great cheap appetizers--I'm always hunting on the cheapest thing on the menu! 

But if you want to spend a little money on the appetizer, I suggest the Ahi Poke. It's one of my favorites.

They never ask to split the check, even if I'm in huge groups, which is why I took off a star.
Very good food and service,  Great variety and unique flavors.  Forty minute wait, but they served food to waiting guests.  Now that's class!
Ladies luncheon day. Somedays the service be on point and other days I get very slow service. I guess it depends on the influx of customers, the food I will say is always delicious and made perfect. This location seems to have people always training but I'm not a picky person especially when it comes to someone learning. Lots of parking and lots of indoor and outdoor seating.
This place is amazing.   Everything on the menu is good at worst.  I had a delicious rack of ribs with enough meat on the bone to choke a donkey.  I love it.  If you haven't had a pazookie yet, you are missing out.
Ok first off, it was very awkward having the Manager seat us and then take away the drink menu because I didn't look 21. Luckily I already knew what alcoholic drink I wanted to order but really? At least ID me especially if you are the darn manager. Second, Francisco was our food runner but I tipped him and not our waitress because that's how great his customer service is! BJ's could be better but I'll come back if Francisco is working because he will do his job and the waiter's job!! ha
I love the wings the pizza is just strange. After ordering pizza and being unhappy because it has no sauce on the pizza. They bring us say four pizzas total to the table in an effort to fix the issue.
After a extra long 2 hour wait I requested to speak with a manager or the cook. 
We were told by the management that the pizza comes with nothing but bread and cheese and what ever topping you pick. Well that's not pizza if you ask me. (That's called a sandwich.) The manager came to the table and told us its premade so its nothing he can do to make it better. He gave us a gift card in the amount of 25 dollars. I wont be back for the pizza I will be back for the wings.
We were referred to this place by some friends for the pizza.  After waiting about 40 minutes to be seated, and another 40 for our food,  we were ready to dive in to our pizza.  The food is good, the atmosphere cozy, the service decent, somewhat pricey. It's not a place I would go out of my way for, but not a place I would avoid or mind eating at again.
I love BJ's, the service is always good.  Great food and drinks.
Enjoyed everything about the meal. From the drinks to burger. Only bummer was I didnt have room for dessert so, no pizookie. If you're a rootbeer or cream soda fan, try one here. I loved it!
This is a great restaurant.  It has a microbrewery if you enjoy different beers.  I go there for the food and I love just about everything I have tried.  The avocado egg rolls are a must try appetizer.  The rack of ribs is the best for any restaurant in this price range.  And if you have not had a pizookie for dessert you have not lived yet.
I want to start by saying that I think this restaurant is really overrated. I have been here numerous times and only twice have I not experience a problem with either our order or the service. 
It's usually something simple like when my husband orders no mayo on his burger and it comes with mayo. The annoying part is that it ALWAYS happens! How hard is it to not put mayo on a hamburger? Often times our drinks never get refilled and the servers here are often MIA. It may seem silly to complain about a soda refill, but it's the little things that make the experience when you go out. 

The tables really turned for me when I was a BJ's for my friends daughters birthday party and we had the absolute worst service ever! She was turning 9 and she choose BJ's for her birthday lunch, which I personally think was quite grown up for a nine year old, she could have gone anywhere but she choose BJ's!! Anyway, we only had 11 people in our party and it was 3:00 pm so it wasn't anything too crazy and it wasn't a rush hour, so it shouldn't have been something that they couldn't have been able to handle. Our server wasn't off to a good start, he was just sweating profusely as if it were 100 degrees inside the building with no air! He actually had sweat pouring from his face! Clearly a partly of 11 was going to be too much for him to handle, he needed to ask for help. Of course he didn't get help and things just got worse and as luck would have we weren't his only table. 
.........And that's when it happened! Our server had just cleared of a dirty table behind ours and was walking behind behind us with a tray full of half empty dirty glasses,  when he spilled the tray all over my son and I !!!!! We were both cover with what I think was old iced tea! As we sat there wet, cold and in shock, our server just said nonchalantly "I am sorry" and continued walking to the back. He never came back out! So my son and I were left to try to dry of with the napkins rolls that were on the table! Meanwhile the floor underneath our chairs was a pool of spilled liquid and we were surrounded by it, so if we were to try to move our chairs to get up we would have been stepping in liquid! About three minutes latter our server was still MIA and there was no one coming out to mop up the floor, I was beginning to think I was being Punked! I saw a women walking toward our table who looked like the manager and I thought oh good she is coming to fix the situation, but nope! She just walked right by our table, even after looking directly at the puddle on the floor!! Finally another person at out table had to stop the manager because I was trapped in my chair wet and surrounded by the puddle of spilled drinks!! Meanwhile, my poor son just sat there so quietly and didn't complain once! Finally the manager did come over to me, she asked what happened and I told her how our server spilled a tray of old drinks on my son and I and then disappeared and didn't offer us anything to dry ourselves off with, nor did anyone come to mop up the floor! The manager barley apologized and then all she gave us was a small stack of the brown paper towels from the bathroom to dry ourselves with. I would have expected a clean white towel from the back, but this lady seriously did not get it! Finally about 15 minutes into this disaster someone came to mop up the floor so we were able get out of our chairs to make it to the bathroom.

So then our bill comes, and don't get me wrong, I am not after free stuff, but after you spill a tray of drinks on my son and I and then disappear and treat us like crap, it would have been nice to just have taken care of the bill. Nope! Not even a little I am sorry discount! They gave my bill in full! So why the two stars you may be asking? Because I went home that night night and told my hubby the whole awful story and he was pissed at me and asked why I didn't freak out on them?! I told him it was because I was at a birthday party and I was trying to keep it cool, could you imagine if I went all momzilla at my daughters friends birthday, she would have died!! So my hubby went to BJ's website and contacted them. He was latter called by the DM who apologized for the whole episode and sent us a $50 gift card. Again, I am not after free stuff, what I really wanted was for them to just OWN IT the day it happened! If you mess up then just apologize and mean it!! The DM also sent the mother of the birthday girl a gift card too because the server messed up the birthday cake. I would have written about that episode too but I am only allowed 1500 words!
If you haven't tried this chain, you probably should.  Great beer selection and a huge menu so there's something for everyone.
The wait was CRAZY, but it was the weekend and several prom dates were there so I  can over look that, the pizza was great, the drinks were awesome, the service was amazing, the pizookie was wayyyyy too sweet.  I would opt for a different dessert.
great selection of beer and food. Love NITWIT and if your feeling froggy for dessert the pizookie is bomb
Came here for happy hours last week.
Bar was full...so they seat us at a table. Still was able to get happy hour prices.
Awesome!!!!!!
Food is fantastic
Wings: Yummy
Etoh: Good
My date and I had a great experience!
Sucks! The service gets worse every time we go. Today we were seated, the server dropped off a couple of promotional napkins and then disappeared. No drinks, no way to order food...
We dropped off our member card on our way out the door for the last time. BJ's has NOT earned our business.
We went down the street to the Market Grille Cafe, we were seated, got drinks and ordered food in 5 minutes or less. Yes, they were as busy as BJ's. I suggest the manager of BJ's bring his staff to the Market Grille Cafe for lunch and see how it's done.
BJ's is a good local bar and with higher quality food than typical bars. Lots of good selections but mainly they have some great microbrews to try out. Not designed to be a 5 star restaurant and that's okay because if you're looking for some great beer, an atmosphere to have fun, and some great French fries try it out!
I can't speak highly enough of this place!!!! Ammmmmazing food and service!!
Place is a bit over priced and over-rated for the menu that they have, but the food is solid every time I come here. If I were rating this place just based on the food, it would be 4.5 stars, but other things kind of deflate my score of it:

-usually long waits (excess of 20 min) on evenings
-service, though waiters can be nice, are extremely busy and have little time to attend to each table.  You can totally tell that they're overworked.
-it takes about 15 -20 minutes until your waiter comes by to get your orders for food, then you wait about 20-30 minutes for food to arrive--it's all a waiting game

I ordered a steak, which was pretty big considering, and I'm always a fan of the calamari.  Also ordered a raspberry pazookie, which was pretty amazing, gotta admit, especially if you're not too into chocolate--this makes for a nice alternative to a rich dessert.  

As a place to chill, grab a few drinks and side dishes and catch up with friends, I would choose this place, but for a dinner experience, be prepared to wait, wait, wait.
If you are going to B.J.'S for their deep dish pizza, this review will help you.  We went to BJ's on Labor day at 4:00 p.m., my husband had a coupon for 50% off their pizza.
We had to wait 15 minutes before being seated.  There was lots of tables, but very few waiters.  We ordered the BJ classic deep dish pizza, which would be $24. 00 if we did not have a coupon.  We waited 40 minutes to be served a deep dish pizza on a platter with raw vegetables.  The picture in the menu shows deep dish pizzas in a pan with lots of melted cheese and cooked vegetables.  We were so hungry that we started eating until we noticed no sauce on the pizza.  We spoke to a manager who stated they don't .put sauce on the pizza they have seasoned tomatoes. As far as the vegetables he agreed they needed to be cook more.  He took the pizza away and said they would remake it with sauce and cook vegeables.  We waited 45 minutes when they rushed out of the kitchen to tell us they had to remake the second pizza because it cracked in the oven.  We tasted the 3rd pizza, and there was no more sauce that the 1st pizza and the vegetables were still raw.  We gave up, and left the restaurant with the manager writing off our pizza.  We came home and I reheated my left over dinner from the nite before that I had made homemade.  My husband thinks B.J.'S is using frozen pizzas that they just add to what the customer had order.
I could have bought a better frozen pizza and add my own toppings.

If you are there for happy hour drinks, than this review is not helpful for you.  If you want deep dish pizza BEWARE they are way too over priced for their pizza.
Finally got around to going to this BJ's close to my neck of the woods.  Would always pass by it on Centennial and see it was near constantly busy with cars.  Whaddaya know, we like it!

Nice building, very reminiscent of the one on Charleston (my guess is that's the point).  Lots of dark wood, intimate lighting in some parts, lots of room at the bar with multiple TV's.  Nice flooring and high ceilings too.  I like the rotating door at the front entrance, good touch.  

The night we came it was on a weekend so it was busy at a nice clip.  We didn't have to wait long for a table though, maybe about 5 minutes.  Aisles are pretty spacious so I had no problem getting to my seat.

Our server was courteous and well-mannered, took care of us really well.  Even if we weren't first-timers to BJ's he still gave us a nice review of the menu and the specialty types of pizzas they create.  Informative, nice.

We've been to BJ's before so we had a good idea of what we were ordering.  There were four of us in our party and we got:

*Piranha Pale Ale Nachos - Topped with BJ's Pale Ale Chili, jack and cheddar cheese, tomatoes, green onions, olives, cilantro, and sour cream.  With a side of fire-roasted salsa and extra jalapenos.

*BJ's Favorite Signature Deep Dish Pizza (Large 14") - Meatballs, pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, olives, onion, and tomatoes.

*Baby Back Pork Ribs - Flavored with Big Poppa Smokers' Sweet Money Championship Rub, topped with BJ's Jeremiah Red Ale BBQ sauce, and served with two steak sides of your choice (we opted for steamed veggies and the Wedge Salad).

Luckily on this day we had a coupon from Facebook where you buy an entree and get another entree of equal or lesser value FREE.  We bought the pizza and got the ribs gratis!  Not a bad deal at all.  Especially considering a large pizza will set you back between $20 - $25 depending on what kind of pizza you order.

The food?  Not bad!  Definitely reminds you of a Cheesecake Factory type joint.  The nachos were good, lots of cheese everywhere, and that fire-roasted salsa had some great flavor.  The pizza was good, definitely fits up to being a signature of BJ's.  The crust was thick but still light and airy.  Nice crunch on the outside with a good chew on the inside.  Loaded with good toppings.  After two slices I was done!  Definitely not a NY pie (which I kinda prefer).  The wedge salad was excellent, and would only be that way IF you have a head of very, very fresh Iceberg lettuce.  Topped with creamy bleu cheese dressing, bacon bits, and fresh black pepper, it was a good accompaniment.  The surprise of the night was the pork ribs!  Someone did it right - enough smoke, generous rub, enough sauce (with extra on the side), cooked just right to near-fall-off-the-bone, I couldn't get enough!  I finished half the rack myself.  

With that coupon our meal was a near steal.  For the four of us, we managed to get away with an under $50 check (with tax & tip), and leftovers for a midnight snack.  I like a value meal!

We were too full, but one should try and get a BJ's Famous Pizookie.  A warm deep dish cookie, topped with two scoops of cool, creamy ice cream?  Yeah you're gonna want one.

I'll be back again BJ's, I'll have to try your Happy Hour that goes from 3 PM - 7 PM M-F, or 10 PM - Close Sun-Thur.  That looks like some good eats for cheap!
Tonight was my first night at BJs and it was amazing. I had the grilled chicken stuffed potato.  My kids had the deep dish pizza.  Of course they loved the dessert. Who can resist ice with ice cream on top?!  I will def go back again.
Amazing deep dish pizza's, wonderful service. House draft is really good. I love the pizookee, wow just an all around fantastic place to eat!
CUSTOMER SERVICE REVIEW:

I came here with my husband and two other couples for a Friday date night. Our server was horrible and so rude!

My friend comes here at least twice a month and has been for over a year. She always orders the margharita pizza which comes with basil and tomatoes. This time when her pizza came out, it only had basil. She politely let the server know that it was missing tomatoes and asked for tomatoes. The server rudely told her that the pizza never came with tomatoes and she got exactly what she ordered(even though it always had tomatoes every other time she ordered it). He was about to walk away but she asked that they please out tomatoes on for her. A manager then came over and said 'hmm so I heard your pizza didn't come with tomatoes and it should have. We're going to comp that dish for you, sorry for the mistake'. Ok cool, but then when the new pizza came out the rude server AGAIN had to voice his opinions that the pizza does not come with tomatoes and that she was wrong and he is right(EVEN THOUGH THE MANAGER APOLOGIZED AND ACKNOWLEDGED  IT SHOULD HAVE TOMATOES!)And next time she needs to order another pizza called something else that comes with tomatoes and sausages, and had to say 'YOU ARE WRONG'. wow! Seriously? That's extremely unprofessional! And RUDE!

Second problem-everyone ordered appetizers and when they came out one was missing. We ordered two artichoke appetizers and only one came out. By the time everyone was finished with their appetizers the second artichoke plate still had not come out. We flagged down our waiter to ask him to cancel the order as our entrees had just arrived. He would NOT cancel it and said 'oh I didn't know you wanted it to come out before your entree'. Uh hello? It's called an appetizer not a side dish!.....anyways he would not cancel the order and then magically brought out artichokes five minutes later. 

I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant where a waiter is allowed to openly be rude and tell a customer they are wrong despite such a minor request! My friend was not at any point rude with her request at all and quite polite too.

VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. I wish I had remembered his name, but I didn't pay. if I ever see him again(not on a group date), I will be sure to make a formal complaint with a manager.
Fun atmosphere, decent all american food, 3rd time at this location, always crowded, no complaints.
I used to work for BJ's in a different state and can say this location holds to the standards of the company. 
They have amazing beers and great pizza. Worth every penny! Happy Hour is a really good deal if you are looking to save a bit.
I've been here a few time and got ok service but this last time I was there was so bad. Right when we got in the host was eh. Wasn't feeling welcome at all. We got seat and our server came and took our orders but he was not friendly what so ever. When our food arrived we had no utensil. Had to ask for it. Every time he came back to check up on us the was talking and walking away from us. Like what the f!  When he brought our bill he accidentally hits out friend on the face with it. The apology he gave was so fake. Anyways beside him ruining our lunch the food was good. The best part was the dessert. The pizookie ! Overall restaurant it was very family oriented, place was clean. Hopefully they can up the standard on costumer service a bit. At least fake it good.
Came to this place with family. Price is right for what you get. Desserts are famous here. I got the red velvet pazookie is was so delicious had to order 1 more. Service was alright . They just wanna turn around tables there. Other than that the hostess was very nice had to only wait for 5 minutes for a table.  and the server was showing his hospitality there. Good job
Had the opportunity to visit this location, my first ever to a BJ's, on a Wednesday afternoon.  We had a short wait for a table and when we were walked to the table by a friendly hostess, I was surprised to see a tray of dirty glasses sitting on the booth bench seat.  It was quickly cleared away, but was still tacky to start things off.

Our server was very mechanical and could have been a lot more attentive.  I sat with an empty glass for over 20 minutes after she stated she'd be "right back" with my refill.  We were her only table, so I know her attention wasn't focused on her guests at that point.

The food was definitely better than what I expected and I enjoyed my Parmesan Crusted Chicken Sandwich a great deal.  The wedge-cut fries left a LOT to be desired, however.  They were barely warm and lacked any sort of seasoning whatsoever.  

I'd give the restaurant another chance, but not for a while.
I was not aware that Orwellian 1984 double thinks were made into a concept restaurant. But they are and it is called BJ's! Everyone will tell you how great this place is until one day you walk into their shiny establishment in Centennial Hills. About 30 minutes later you will realize that all of your friends actually hate you for suggesting that you dine here.

All the service people are nice but in a really vacant Stepford wife kind of way. It's all lip service and no actual service. For example, our server was super interested in up-selling fancy beer to me... so we had to have a really long discussion about why I should try another kind of beer as opposed to the one I wanted. Once "we" decided that I would stick to drinking what I want, we must have also decided that the table would wait for 20 minutes before said drinks would be delivered. 

If you've ever read 1984 you will know that questions are also pretty unacceptable. I wish I had known that it was a 1984 concept restaurant before I asked about vegetarian options on the menu! I had planned on ordering some pasta or something, but it turns out that all the pastas and salads include meat and are priced accordingly. One question about that and she was off for another several minutes.

And the fun didn't even end there! I ordered soup and salad as my entree and both the soup and the salad were delivered to the table at the same time several minutes before anyone else was served. But I guess they did not consider this a problem since there was no silverware. So it's not like I was going to eat it before the rest of my party's food arrived, anyway NO BIG DEAL GUYS!

And so I stared at my food until the rest of the party got their food delivered, too. And still there was no silverware. The random hostess that delivered the food nicely asked if we needed anything else and when we asked for silverware, she walked away. Then we all got to stare at our food TOGETHER!

When we finally did get some silverware, I ate my Denny's quality food while feeling angry about the empty service and impending bill. This place is really Applebee's quality with Cheesecake Factory prices. My throat almost closed when I saw that the $12 avocado roll appetizer was actually only THREE avocado spring rolls. Not that it mattered since we never got appetizer plates even though we were asked if we wanted some when the appetizer was delivered. (Here is a tip: probably you should just bring appetizer plates instead of asking if the table would like some and then never bringing them causing another "lets all stare at this food" situation.)

Try eating a whole meal with an anger lump in your throat. It really takes the enjoyment out of eating. BJ's was a big fat $60 disappointment that ruined the pleasant experience that eating usually provides to me. That is a big deal considering that is why restaurants even exist.

Note to the management: I think that I would have given this experience 3 stars had the server or staff, who KNEW that this was a messed up dining experience for a number of reasons, had even tried to rectify the situation or notified the manager that the meal had been timed and executed very badly. But no one wanted to fix it and that enrages me more than anything else.

Vegetarian Side note: I didn't try the pizza even though it is supposedly really good for vegetarians, but be warned unless you want pizza, you probably won't find anything else on the menu that you want. All the pastas and salads include meat, and I don't see the point in paying $16 for a salad and then asking that they remove the most expensive ingredient. They have a veggie burger which is your standard garden burger replacement. And it was soggy. 

I will never go back to BJ's. It is over-priced and overhyped. If anyone I know ever tells me how great this place is again I will drop kick them so hard that they will need a kidney transplant in their face.
Finally got around to try this place out. I've heard good thugs about this place and wanted to see what it was all about. I came here for lunch with the girls 2 times. The second time the service was slow but all in all the service wasn't too bad. They make their own root beer and cherry soda. How awesome is that! Unlimited refills too. Even better!  

I tried the Cobb salad from their lunch menu and it was the perfect portion. Not too big and my too small. I was able to finish it all and still feel comfortable. No stuffy feeling if you know what I mean. 

Although this is a bar it's still a nice place to come to grab a bite to eat. If you are in a rush you might want to get take out. 

I can't wait to sample other items in their menu.
Just had an amazing dinner. BJ's restaurant great service and amazing time. My wife had the shrimp scampi pasta I have a lobster and steak was absolute fantastic and she highly suggest the cosmopolitans can't go wrong there
Got the Holiday Share Dinner for 2 for $39 and is definitely worth it!! We each got soup or salad and entree of our choice and we share a pazzoki!!! On top of our meal, we enjoyed their signature drink called Jeremiah Red. Also, our server was on top of things!! Best service in my life time!! Great experience tonight! Our servers name is Brittany J!! Good job, Brittany!!
Service was okay. Food was horrible. I am an avid BJ's lover. I've always love their food. For some reason this time was just a horrible experience. The server ignored us most of the time. The food was barely lukewarm when it came out. I got a jalapeño burger that was soggy and wayyyy over cooked. Very unhappy with my experience.  I understand it's lunch time but jeez. Hopefully next time -if there is one - I will have more positive things to say.
Atmosphere- fresh and new, seemed to be family friendly, they need to work on cleanliness
Food- looked great but was tastless
Prices- lunch specials between 7 and 9 bucks
Service- friendly however very slow
Overall experience- unsatisfied, will not be returning.
My wife and I arrived for lunch and the place was almost full. The hostess acknowledged us with a halfhearted greeting but sat us to our booth quickly.  When we got to our booth the floor underneath the booth was blatantly littered with food, bits of torn paper, crayons, used drink straws and so on, basically as if four young children had been seated there prior to us and the staff failed to sweep up after they left. 10 min later the waiter introduced himself and took our drink and appetizer order. The waiter (Chase) was very friendly and knowledgable of the menu.15 min later our drinks arrived and he took our lunch order. Another 20 mins later our appetizer arrived and the waiter noticed we needed refills. We had the bonless wings. They were ok nothing special. After another 20 min and our lunch arrived via a somewhat rudish food runner who did not acknowedge us and basically drop our plates in front of us and took off. I had the pulled pork sandwich with wedge cut seasoned fries and coleslaw. All of it looked great. Pork was moist and tender but no flavor. The fries once again had no taste. The coleslaw was delicious. I did not finish my meal due to lack of interest. The wife ordered the Jalapeno burger with the seasoned wedge fries and at first glance it looked great. But after further inspection the burger was way overcooked and the pepperjack cheese looked dead. She lost her appetite, but she is 9mths pregnant so that may be why. I never tasted her burger it just didnt look like something i would have liked. Her fries were no different than mine. Drink refills were few and far between. Yes we were there at the lunch time rush but the restaurant was not that full to have effected the service and serve times to that extream. However even if the service was on point the food fell short of our expectations.
Sort of a mixed bag with this visit.  We ordered a Roasted Vegetable and Goat Cheese Flatbread Pizza (excellent and just the right amount of food), a Parmesan Crusted Chicken Sandwich (sandwich was pretty good, but I didn't much care for the fries), and a Chicken Quesadilla (overly spicy in a brassy way).  The service was great at the start.  But, by the end, the restaurant had filled up and we had to wait a bit just to get our bill.  Still, overall, a very good meal.
Not too bad at all.  I enjoyed the beer and the burger was pretty decent.  Bartendress was cute and pretty good at her job so I really have nothing to complain about.

I can't give 5 stars without it having changed my life though.
Candace and Amber are the beat servers. Ryan was tops until he left for Oregon.
I loved the food here , and the beers are amazing! Esp there IPA. I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews on the service, I can't really say anything because I always sit at the bar, but the bartender is always good and takes good care of us.
I would not recommend this place to anyone. I mean from the minute we got seated you could tell our group was the least priority. I was the dd for the night and I got my non alcoholic drink last. It actually came after the appetizer. Not sure how that's even possible? Then a couple of the beers out of the taster were warmer, two out of our group got it and they both said that. Next, the steaks were chewy and could not be cut with their steak knives. The only good thing to come from this place was their fries. If I could give it 0 stars I would. Bad choice all around.
I'm going to start frequenting BJ's more, because I had forgotten how delicious their beers were! Since moving to Vegas I haven't gone to BJ's much because there are so many other options when dining out. If you're a beer lover, this place is a must try because they are as much of a microbrewery, as they are a restaurant. Sometimes if they're promoting a certain beer, your server may even offer you a sample. Or if you're not sure what to get, opt for a flight of "samples".

When it comes to food, BJ's is comparable to Yardhouse or other mid-range bar/grill type places. I typically go for a couple of their small plates, which are tapas sized appetizers, to start off and my favorite is the mini-bruschetta. On my most recent visit, I also tried the new corn fritters w/ bacon aioli and an order of their traditional wings, which are pieces of fried chicken with a side of buffalo sauce and a side of ranch. The food is always fresh...the only issue I've had is that sometimes they deliver food to the wrong table because your server is never the person who brings out the food...not sure why that is because that is typically why each table is assigned a server isn't it? 

The burgers, flatbreads, pizza, and appetizers here are all usually pretty tasty and sometimes I have no idea what I want to order. If you come Mon-Fri during lunch, there's a lunch specials menu you can order off of with pretty decent pricing...I think it starts at $6.95, but I've never tried it so I'm not sure what the portions are like.

The staff here at this location are nice and continuously stop by to check on you. If you're seated in an area where the server is busy, another server will often stop by and introduce themselves and put in your drink order so that you're not just sitting around like an idiot. I like that. They also have a rewards program but sadly you don't get points/credit for alcohol/beer! 

This BJ's is always packed when I'm here in the evenings and I can see why! The bar area is nice with both tables and barstools, and many large TVs, making it a good place to watch sports as well. I will be coming back a lot more in the future, even if it's only for beer!
Took my family of 4 last night. We had been here a few times before and it has gone from very good to not so great. Every visit is a little worse. Last night will be our last vist.

     Waitress was unpleasant and food came out luke-warm. Not worth waiting 20 minutes for and then paying 85.00 for 4 people to eat dinner. Pass.
Family-friendly is OK but I recommend that the put they families in the same area.  Overall, a little bit of kid screaming and crying.  Atmosphere is a bit noisy.

Busy Saturday nite; food is fine, however service is the main issue.  Server was nice and friendly.  Eg. cutlery not available until after the appetizers served; table not clean; my drink, a beer, served 10 minutes at least after my wife's and son's drink were delivered.  Beer list is extensive but does not represent what they have in stock.  

Total bill $68 (after $5 coupon).  A bit expensive for the three of us.  My son had a mini pizza, my wife a pulled-pork sandwich, and I the Atlantic salmon.  We had one appetizer and three drinks total.

Given the long waiting for our meal and the cost of bill, we probably won't return.  Not a good deal for the money.
We've seen this place back home in Houston, Tx but had never been. Our daughter took us while in town and I absolutely loved the home brew. Had the Maui pork chop and it was very tasty but the red potatoes that it came with so very dry, but the fresh green beans definitely made up for it.
3/16/2014
We spent more time waiting than eating.
45 minute wait for order to arrive, after finally getting a server.
Food : meh
Another long wait for dessert. 
We were seated quickly and that was the only positive note.
First and last visit. 
Absolutely not impressed, really deserves "zero star review".
My husband and I have been here a few times now and it's been awesome every time. The service is super friendly and helpful, and the food has just been awesome every time. The mixed drinks are super good but they are a little on the expensive side. They do have a beer sampler that you can try 5oz tasters of a few different beers, it's a very good price and pretty fun to do. Depending on the beers you choose you might end up a little buzzed after you try them all, we always do. Lol
We love this place. We definitely recommend it to everyone we know
This was my third time here, and it was ok. The restaurant is clean, staff is nice, and the menu has alot to choose from. 

Unfortunately the new roast beef dip sandwich wasn't very good. The meat tasted like the flat top was dirty? Not sure how else to describe it. We did enjoy the flatbread pizza appetizer, that was good. The beer was good too. 

I would go back, but just not on the top of my list.
1st time there. Friendly staff with a clean and inviting atmosphere. Waited about 5 min to be seated but it was very busy and I now know why. I had a jalapeño burger, wife had the chili, kids had spaghetti, sirloin steak and chicken tenders. All were terrific with wonderful flavor. Total bill came out to $90 which is awesome for 5 ppl. Until next time!
Well, there is good and bad. The food is real good and the service is terrible. Part of the problem is there seems to be different people that bring out the food than the server. Servers never check to see if you need anything and as others have mentioned they just don't always follow up within a timely manner. Drink refills take forever and really they hardly ask so you have to flag another waiter down cause your waitress sucks at their job. Well that is the norm there ..... the waitress suck. Prettily clear that the manager is hiring eye candy lazy ass girls that don't know how to do a good job. Also they are famous for not bringing everyones meal out at the same time. Basically this is all a reflection on the Manager that is responsible for this location. I wouldn't even give him a chance I'd fire his ass yesterday fire any of the problem waitresses and bring in a crew that really knows how to serve. Hint manager no one cares if the waitress or waiter looks like a model if the service suck! Get real hire real waitresses that know what their doing and also you may want to look into any bad methods or polices you have in place for your servers and support staff. Why? Cause you suck and there's lots of other restaurants that know how to get it right.

Food: can't complain it's great but the poor service and above average prices for a chain restaurant have sent me elsewhere. I highly recommend Chicago Brewing Company has better food and service than you at comparable prices. It's further down the road in Summerland and farther from our home but we go there for the great service and food. Oh yeah, they brew their own beer there so even the beer is better. FU BJ and FU to the BJ managers and waitresses. I'm not coming back anytime soon.

Conclusion: The poor service ruins the dinning experience so you really don't enjoy your meal as much and yeah I really hated paying the bill after being served like that.
I have to say we had the worst experience ever , we had a party of 12 go to dinner last night for my birthday and my friends birthday , we arrived and were sat at 745 pm and we did not get to eat until 9:00 .. 

Our server was nice and tried to do a great job , but the MANAGEMENT sucks , she was clearly over sat in her area and they came and stood by our table and watched then walked away.  Half of our group is in the food and beverage industry and they even felt as though management did not do there job .. 

All I can say is thanks for ruining my birthday dinner , I use to love eating and drinking at your restaurant but I will never recommend or eat at your restaurant again , and I will complain all the way up through your organization .
This place is always popping in the Centennial area, but it's really because people are too lazy to drive further out and come here cause it's close to their suburbia utopia, not because of food quality.

The service here is always nice and I never have trouble with them, though the pricing here is not equal to the food quality. Even the beers are just "meh". That Strawberry Splash though is the business, can't complain about that.
Majority of the time, the pizzas are overcooked and the sandwiches are slapped together with the blandest ingredients cheap budget can buy.

Most of the time I'm here I just get some sort of pasta, you can't really fuck up noodles.
It was Monday at 10:30pm...we were so happy they were open. Pleasant server, fast service...calamari was very fresh
Ok read my tip .. And my review is the establishment has to be watched as double charging is not tolerated and we all work hard for our money. Not only was the boneless chicken wings under par but mC Donald's does it better and for only 4.99 for 20 .. So to tally 1 dinner and 1 sent back and 3 drinks cost us 89.$ later ! This is not the first time we have been over charges after leaving this restaurant .. Beware!!
Last two times we came here the food wasn't great and both times I had hair in my food. :(   Don't get the deep dish pizza - no sauce of cheese. The regular pizza us pretty good.
Ive been to BJ's dozens of times and typically have always had a good experience until yesterday. The service has always been good and there is definitely no issue there.

I went to this location on Sunday with my parents and my mom and I both ordered the sirloin steak - medium. Ive ordered this plenty of times before and its always been good... not Outback good, but definitely decent. Yesterday's came out like it had been cremated. The char was so thick it couldn't be cut off. My steak was grey with no pink and charred. My moms was the charred on the outside and bleeding in the middle.

I sent mine back and my mom thought she could salvage hers. The waiter was awesome, service was great. Manager came out and apologized and I told him that I wanted it just like the picture, no char. What did I get.... the same amount of char and a pink middle. Took one bite and there was no other taste than the char. Literally, all you could taste was the burnt meat. Sent it back again and the manager came out again.

I was informed that two weeks ago all the steaks had changed and this is the way they are doing them now. Why I am writing this post... just to let others know about the change, since BJ's didn't feel the need to change its images on the menu and didn't mention it to us when we ordered.

So, long story short, ordered the steak, sent it back twice. Decided to not even try and go with the Chicken Pot Stickers. They rocked. By the time I got my food, everyone at the table was of course finished with their meals.

I was a little surprised that after all that, the manager didn't ever offer to comp anything. I don't mind paying for what we ate and its not an issue that we were charged, but I was just a bit surprised it wasn't even offered. I didn't ask, but left disappointed in the whole experience.

Will we go again? Yeah, probably for Happy Hour and stick to the appetizers. But not going to go expecting a good meal.
Worst experience ever! I ordered a Brewhouse Burger, which, according to the menu comes with sauteed onions. I asked for "no tomato, instead more sauteed onions". A reasonable request I'd think. Well, the Burger came WITH tomato and NO sauteed onions. Well, no problem one would think.... I pointed it out to the waiter. He told me that the onions are on there.... Seriously? I took the burger apart in front of him: not a single onion. He still insisted they are on there! Ok, called for the original waitress, she also told me that the onions are on there. I am not so sure what that is all about - 2 people starring at at burger with no  onions tell me that there are onions on there. I asked for the manager. He immediatley started telling me that there are onions on the burger. (which they had already taken). To sum that joke up. 3 people were calling me either stupid or a liar even though the evidence was RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES.
No words of excuse - the waitress put on a big ol fake smile like she is laughing about me. 

The beer took  15 minutes. Unacceptable. NEVER AGAIN!
We went to BJ's every once in a while because it was close and the food was decent. 

However recently service quality has seriously slipped. The waitress was cocky (not in a funny way - rather in an obnoxious way). 
The beer took forever. I mean they have beer on tap why does it take like 20 minutes to get one even though the store was barely half-full? 
The food is ok, but not great. A little overpriced too. 

Probably not going here again any time soon. They need to up their game.
The food is decent, but the service is the worst in town! We have gone twice just to see if it was a bad night, and the same lousy service was had! If you expect a meal under 2 hours, go somewhere else! They barely refill drinks, the waiter took 25 minutes to even take our order, it was absolutely awful!
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #169 - #365

We were with spending time with our family friends and decided to dine out. We decided on BJ's because my Mom was familiar with the BJ's in California and we always have a good experience. Through the huge swivel door, you're greeted into this urban style restaurant that you'll find any other BJ's franchise.

The floorplan is almost the same as the one we return to in California but a little smaller. Food and service was ok and there was nothing to fault on. To sum it up, it was just average and nothing spectacular. If I were to come back, I would just hit the bar for some good craft beer and bar food.
I stopped into BJ's the night of June 26, 2014  and I ordered a 6' combo pizza and a calamari appetizer. They were both very good. I will be back. It was about 8:00 PM and the place was PACKED. I saw the young lady who was the working carry area out as I was walking in. She was literally running to a car with an order. She must have run back to take my order. Very friendly with great customer service skills. I asked her if they were usually this busy during the week and she said "NO". She handled the people waiting and those who continued to pour in. Great job and I made sure to give her a nice tip. I checked out the many TV's while waiting and seemed like my order was up in no time. It's a nice place with reasonable pricing..
Arrived around 2:30pm.it took an hour for our food after placing order.we were a family of six.three of us got our food and it was another 15 minutes before the other 3 got theirs.all burgers were ordered well done and two arrived to us barely medium.needless to say after everyone was finished eating, it was yet another 25 minute wait before the last two of the group got their fixed order.the food is ok at best.servers try,but in all,this was not a plea sent experience by any means.this place has too many issues.would not recommend and will not EVER return here.
Came for a quick bite to eat and a cocktail...20 minutes to acknowledge us after we were seated! !! Drinks and food are good but service is lacking! !!
It's nice to see a place dedicated to beer.  I'm reserving my complete review for when this place actually becomes a brewery - I'm certainly hoping they will continue to shine.  That said, the selection of all things drink-wise is quite impressive.  I'd say I hope they rotate in some beers and out others, but the choices are so vast that they truly don't need to do that (but I hope they keep up with the vast options).  Even as brewery, it would be nice to have so many choices if you weren't feeling a specific drink.  Tons of delicious choices on the food menu as well.  I love that there are everything from nibbles to full blown meals.

Prices right in line with the other establishments in the area.  It's right along the multi-use canal path, so it could make a great place to stop in for a drink (and food) after a ride around town.

I can't wait to visit OHSO more often.
7 years strong, I religiously drive down Indian School past the German Sausage Co. Recently, I started seeing some activity going on...and then one day - BAM!! A sign pops up: O.H.S.O. Eatery + nanoBrewery .

I couldn't wait to try it out, and knowing it opened just TO-DAY...I jumped at the opportunity.

5 stars might be a bit pretentious, but I'm giving them an A for effort and 5 stars because honestly, I'd leave my office late....night after night ...after night....and would see these guys STILL working at 2 and 3am...just to get the place open. It's apparent there is some serious sweat equity, late nights and blue collar effort to get this place going. I highly respect this and give them props.

Not to mention, I love the simplicity of the place. Yet, I can see it being the new, semi-non-trendy place to hang out. I know I'll be making it a recent stop. Rumor has it...they'll be renting out bikes (check them out as you walk in) and they offer mini-pitchers for $5 before 5 with tons of local beers on tap. It's nothing fancy, frilly or Scottsdale...it's casual and comfortable. My kinda place.

So let's get down to business: Beers on Tap....they carry one of my girly favorites the White Chocolate Ale but this time I went for the Count Hopula and Nut Brown. Both great! The O.H.S.O. Amber was really good as well. Girls who might not be big beer fans might be a fan of the O.H.S.O. Raspberry Wheat although it was a bit light for my palette.

Had some small bites, including the Brewers' Choice which was a mixture of your choice of 2 meats and 2 cheeses, accompanied by caramel popcorn, roasted nuts, bread & butter pickles, a homemade fruit roll up, cheddar crackers and fresh Italian bread. There was also a date/goat cheese butter that rocked and another assortment of roasted veggie/fruit relish. Great starter platter for sure. All the bread is made in-house! The Sharp Cheddar was awesome...the Red Dragon was basically a Mustard Seed cheese (don't choose this option if you hate whole grain mustard :) ) They have rotating meats but on the menu today was a Colorado Elk Sausage....AMAZING! Loved it.

We also added the Crispy Calamari + Spicy Seared Ahi to our assortment. It was great with a citrus zest. Although next time, I need to try the marinated skirt steak.

All in all, I believe this place will be an OH-SO great addition to the neighborhood.
If you're a beer fan, run - don't walk to O.H.S.O. (Full name = O.H.S.O. Eatery + Nano Brewery)  I've never seen so many craft beers and such a large representation of small and local breweries.  This place  has all the ingredients of a great casual neighborhood hang out. Perfect kind of place to ride your bike to - location is very North East Phoenix in the Arcadia neighborhood. The ambiance  -  It felt to me a little bit like being at a friend's house.  Inside - very comfortable - not stuffy at all.  Outside patio seating is really welcoming.   Love seeing the orange umbrellas on the patio facing Indian School Rd. - It just looks like HAPPY!  While were there we saw all ages, even some little kids with mommies having a 'girls' lunch'.  Plenty of variety on the menu - Items look really good and interesting spin on casual with a twist - from the familiar burgers  - Yummy with Gouda and bacon - house-made tomato soup to these cute little corn cake sandwiches.  Lots of smaller appetizer items to snack on.  The proprietor - Jon - even came over and introduced himself.  I'd say this would be a great place to meet up with some friends, and try a few new brews, watch a game, with a very decent accompaniment of tasty small plates or bigger meals.
OHSO has hit a neighborhood niche; wow, decent beer AND food for a 30+ gen salary. There are kinks as they hit the ground running but the charm has started. Yep, they do need a a hostess and the smoker's lounge cannot be at the front door. There is also a poor French fry maker (so soggy!) and the unique, pricey cheese plates should be consistent.  It would be also awesome if they avoid the Scottsdale rock charge and charge for a decent pour.

 Welcome to Arcadia!
First off, let me congratulate OHSO on being open for business!  I was thrilled to see another local watering hole open in the neighborhood.  I frequent Arcadia Tavern and JT's often and will most likely add O.H.S.O to the rotation.  Upon entering OHSO, I remember my first impression being "Is this place really ready to be open for business".  I noticed a few unfinished details on the building (maybe intentionally) that left me wondering if this place decided to open overnight.

Simple said, I appreciate good service.  There was a lack of this at O.H.S.O.  We were not greeted when we walked in.  There was a group of employees talking at the host stand and I had to approach them before they recognized our group.  They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.  We grabbed seats in a booth in the bar area.  We probably sat there for about 5 mins trying to make sense of the various colored menus strewn across the table.  As we were all very thirsty for a cold beer, we decided to finally order at the bar.  Someone eventually came by.

After some of our party left, 2 of us moved up to the bar and asked the bartender a few questions.  No one seemed to know what was going on.  Everyone appeared to be extremely busy with "busy work" instead of helping the patrons.  Seemed like a lack of training with the staff.  Overall, I think this place has the potential to be a cool spot and truly hope it does well.  If I could offer a few suggestions, they would be:

1.  Have a dedicated host(s) greet people at the front door.  Take a hint from Arcadia Tavern.  I have never walked in there and not been greeted by a friendly smile.
2.  Get the music in order.  If you want to a progressive/hip local brewery, you are going to have to do better than a "killers" album that was popular 4 years ago.
3.  You have something that people want...BEER!  It's great service and attention to detail that will keep patrons coming back.

I look forward to my next visit and I hope some of these kinks are worked out.
Fun place for a few beers.  Don't come hungry.  The food is not amazing.  (I'm hoping with time it'll get a little more inspired)  The plus side is that you won't offend any timid friends with scary foods, its your predictable cheese boards and flat breads.  Its just that it wasn't great....uninspired perhaps?
Do come for the beer.  Although a few of the more interesting beers that were listed were sold out on the day we visited, there were plenty more beers to peak everyone's interest.
The prices for the beer were reasonable, the food meh.
Service was okay. Not the servers fault, they were just really busy and working out kinks I think.  I'm sure it'll get better as the weeks progress.  The music however was great.  A good mix of kicky (but not standard) 80s music (think Pet Shop Boys and not George Michael) along with some fun newer alternative music.  Great locationk parking is going to be tricky, I suspect eventuallly they'll just put in a valet. The interior is a lot of fun and comfy set ups for folks almost like a Vig patio setting indoors.
I'd love to give this place more stars just based on the local beer selection and decent beer prices however the food leaves much to be desired and is way overpriced. Ordered a burger and honestly I think I would have enjoyed a Mickey D's Big Mac just as much and $9 cheaper. We also split a hummus and a cheese plate. The cheese plate was good but again overpriced and the hummus was pretty much inedible. Tasted more like unflavored bean dip than hummus. The decor and patio are major improvements over the former establishment. Service was good and friendly. Hope they improve the menu and food pricing.
Great food and selection of Arizona microbrews. If you like microbrews this is a great place to go.  They do not serve any mainstream beers so if you are looking for a bud light this is not the place to go, its a place for true beer lovers.

The food was fantastic. I had the meat and potato pizza which I was hesitant of at first but the waiter recommended it and I loved it.  My friend had the burger, it was very simple but the burger was juicy and delicious.

Drinks can be a bit slow when the bar is packed but that is expected with a brand new place and I'm sure this will be fixed as everyone gets adjusted.
OHSO?  More like NO SO. Stuffy atmosphere, less than exciting menu, and waitress had no idea what she was talking about. This is a micro brewery: your staff should at least know what a beer tastes like, not just vodka cranberrys out of a red cup! Plus she got the order wrong three times and offered a sample of beer I was unsure about and proceeded to charge me for the flipping sample, without mentioning it. Not cool
My bf and I went to this new beer bar last night. Suffice to say I'm considering moving within walking distance. This is the bar you want in your neighborhood, luckily my boyfriend lives close by. If I could walk I suppose I'd be in trouble.

The atmosphere is relaxed, the staff and patrons are friendly, and we ran into a few people we knew. For beers lovers, this is a dream come true. Tons of beers to try, brews you've never heard of, a rotation of the menu, and OHSO is soon to brew their own beer. DREAMY!

I've heard mixed reviews from people regarding their food. We only had the Yucca chips and guac to munch on, which were good. I'll have to grab a burger soon, I'll sure I'll be back very very soon. I love trying new beers and with tasters I can try everything and move on to having pints of my favorite.

So far I love the OHSO Raspberry Wheat Ale and the White Chocolate Ale. The Up River Lager from Mudshark was pretty tasty. The Two Hearted Ale was a bit too piney and hoppy and the Organic Chocolate Stout is for coffee lovers, which I am not. 5 down, many to go!
I have incredibly high hopes for this place! I was excited to try it for the first time last week and I was impressed considering it hasn't been open very long. My server was very patient with the number of questions I asked about the food and beer menus. She admitted she hadn't tried everything yet (which is better than people who give phony recommendations leaving you with something you don't like), but did make some great suggestions based on what she liked and offered to bring another server over whom she thought had tried some of the other menu items. 

The food was quickly served and was beyond delicious. I was actually pretty impressed since I was expecting it to be more "bar food" since that's what comes to mind when I hear "Brewery".  But it was a high quality MEAL, not just appetizers. The owner was around and seemed to be involved in making sure the place was running smoothly. 

Besides being very satisfied with the meal, I really love the atmosphere. I can't wait for nicer weather to sit out on the patio. I like that every room is so different and is offering basically whatever you're looking for in atmosphere. After talking to the server about future plans for this place, I couldn't be more excited about how close this place is to my house. I expect that when these plans come into play (live bands, make your brew, etc.) start happening, I will be updating this to a 5 star rating.
I've been to OHSO once with a friend and another time with a date.  I was excited to first go there due to their large arizona beer selection on tap.  Walking in, the place has a very industrial Arcadia look to it.  You could think of it as the Vig but with exposed cement board in the ceilings.  

The crowd is a nice mix, but I never got passed the vibe.  It feels like a neighborhood bar where everyone knows each others name, but I don't know anyone.  There doesn't feel like there's any energy to the place.  Looking at the food menu, it's uninspired.  My friend ate lunch there and said it was nothing that great.  

The thing I don't get is no happy hour.  Okay okay.. there's happy hour.. but it's until 5pm.  I don't work dental office hours and neither do most of my friends.

With so many other places offering a better vibe, food, and happy hour within a mile, I just don't think I'll be going back again.

I can sum up the whole experience to what happened on our way out.  OHSO is like the candy jar my date and I saw when we walked out.  She was excited to see it and grabbed one.  A few seconds later she made this sour face when she found out it was black licorice.
Been there twice.  Once for a yummy brunch.  For $10 smackaroos you get a choice of delicious meal and a beer or mimosa.   Service was very friendly and timely.
I got the eggs on muffins with bacon and salsa....very tasty.

Also went for drinks and appetizer in the evening.  Very good ahi and calamari plate.
I recently tried OHSO. Nice layout and design... modern and casual. Their menu features cheese and charcuterie plates, flatbreads, burgers, and other comfort-style dishes. I had the grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup. The tomato soup reminded me of pepperoni pizza, which was strange at first but actually pretty good. It was the perfect order for a chilly, rainy day. The 48th Street Fizz (orange vodka, pineapple, lemon, st. germaine, and beer) was sweet, but tasty (love cocktails with carbonation). They have an extensive list of local and regional beers. Overall, it's a nice little neighborhood spot.
I don't know what OHSO is trying to be. The spiffy name and sleek exterior make you think you are in for an inventive, trendy experience. The interior, though, is a little modern, a touch industrial, with a heavy dose of down-home Midwest, sort of "modern barn" as my SO eloquently deemed it. There is a good beer list, but it's not insane. The menu is pretty standard, but the inclusion of a children's menu threw me for a bit of a loop, especially since the median age of the patrons there appeared around 50. 

The place was moderately busy, but service was sort of spotty. I tried a couple of their specialty cocktails: good but not great. We started with the green chile dip, which ended up being what seemed eerily similar to spicy hummus, just served hot. The "flatbread" on the side (essentially pita) was accompanied by potato chips. Just.... odd. Not bad, just odd. The grilled cheese was good and the ingredients fresh, but nothing to write home about. The fries were tasty, probably because they reminded us both of McDonald's. The small side of bread and butter pickles was amazing - the best part. We ordered the apple pie a la mode, with cinnamon ice cream. The dessert was amazing, really, although there was a heavy dose of peanut butter which really threw us off. Turns out they were out of cinnamon ice cream, and subbed in the PB version on the fly. Probably would have been nice to know on the front end....

Overall, a solid "meh". I love seeing unique places like this pop up in the neighborhood, but I don't know that OHSO has enough panache to survive...
I was very excited to check this place out with a friend of mine. It's always nice to have a new spot open up in the area. You always hope that someone has finally done it right. The unfortunate truth is that this place needs to be on the show called "Restaurant Impossible". I'm not kidding when I say this, go and see for yourself.

I have no animosity for this place, it was just very disappointing to see a group of guys / young boys (owners/Investors) standing around in their poor choice of wanna be club shirts that they probably got on sale at Marshall's, along with their poor hair grooming and unprofessional demeanor. It was as if they felt that their machine was up and running and that no improvements or the customer experience was even a possibility of a real issue. The bartender had a frown on his face the entire time, and our waitresses were as friendly as can be but really need to be informed and educated on their brews. I do not put this responsibility on the girls as much as I do the poor management.

Now, with my ranting aside, my reasons for disappointment were as follows:

We ordered the Brewer's Choice Plate which consisted of Mortadella, Prosciutto, and Tuscan Salami, along with a choice of cheeses and a bunch of fillers that they included.

The plate came out and was presented well, but right away the cuts of meat were a disappointment. The thickness of the cuts was ridiculous and embarrassing. The Mortadella was almost room temperature, which can actually be a health hazard. Prosciutto was some sort of cheap salt cured, and hopefully pre-sliced. If they sliced it in house their chef should be fired for slicing such a thick cut of prosciutto. Even a non-chef knows that much. The salami was certainly nothing special, and again the Mortadella was the biggest disappointment. With this as my first impression of the food, I was very turned off and don't see them lasting very long if they don't fix such simple but important things. I suggest that they visit 'The Parlor' and take a look at the quality of the Artisan meats that they serve on their carving board, along with the thickness and temp of the meats. There is no comparison, and this is a no brainer for even a Foodie, much less a chef or a business that was swarming with inexperienced management at the time.

So the next item was the Meat and Potato Flatbread with Pork Belly and three cheeses. I will say that it was mediocre, but missing some element of flavor to make it complete. The chips and guacamole were simple, but no complaints there. I enjoyed the Yucca Chips.

I am not trying to be an extreme hater, but this place has a ton of hype out there and they aren't delivering quality products or service. They need to turn it up and light a fire under the asses of these young guys that are looking at a high profit margin by sacrificing quality food. They will need to offer much higher quality products if they want to stay afloat. 

i wish them the best and would love to try them again if I hear that they got everything straightened out. This would be an ideal location and they have a great concept.

Cheers and good luck guys! Constructive criticisms are all I am offering and wish you the best. :)
Drive past this place every day to and from my trek to work. I first noticed it a few months ago when they put up the signage. The cool, sans serif font and brightly-lit sign caught my attention. As a designer, I'm always intrigued by good design. So I had this one in my mental "to do" list for quite some time.

Finally hit it up last night and admittedly was not impressed. Upon walking in, it seemed very bare. I'm all for minimalism, but it didn't seem designed that way on purpose. It felt like when you live in a big house with not enough stuff to decorate it. The layout was sort of odd and it just felt empty. Granted, we went when it wasn't very busy, but still. That was what I immediately felt upon walking in. 

I ordered the prosciutto salad and my friend the cheeseburger with gnocchi and bolognese. They had a pretty good beer selection, but neither of us felt like drinking so will have to review that at another time. The service was pretty fast and our server was very pleasant, as was the rest of the staff we encountered. The presentation of the food was attractive, so I can appreciate that. But I found my salad to be fairly bland with not enough dressing. I don't even like a ton of dressing, but it was just an awkward salad to eat, if that makes sense. It came with some homemade cheddar crackers which were also somewhat bland. I did not try my friend's cheeseburger, but he said it was pretty standard. Good but not amazing. The gnocchi and bolognese was way too sausage-y and didn't seem like anything special.

Overall, a little to pricey for mediocre food. i like their concept/design and think they could take it a lot further. (hire me!) ;)
It was a great meal. Love the beers. Think this place has a few kinks to work out on their menu. But welcome to the Arcadia hood we look forward to you succeeding!
we had a great experience for a mid week lunch.  The ohso rita flatbread I had was very very good, and the wife loved the hot pastrami sandwich, even commenting 2 days later (while we were at another restaurant) at how good the bread on the sandwich was.  My 5 year old has asked no less than 10 times to go back, he wants another grilled cheese sandwich.  My only minor complaint was that the kids meal says it included the drink, but we were charged for the kids drink, really no biggie, maybe I read it wrong.  
best deal on local AZ beer if you are there from 12-5? you get a 32oz pitcher (2 pints!) for $5.  that really is impossible to beat, considering the GREAT selection of local brew they have.
I see people have commented on the sparse/industrial decor?  really?  kind of a dumb complaint in my opinion.  Concentrate on the product and service, the decor was as good as I expected and very comfortable for me and the family.   Bravo, keep up the good work.
We live in the neighborhood so were excited to see a new place with a huge range of beers open up.

The decorations are a bit sparse, but we like to sit on the patio or the conversation areas near the bar, which are perfect this time of year. Yucca chips are personal favorites, as is the gnocchi bolognese. Burger wasn't bad, but a burger is just a burger. They're still adjusting their menu it seems, which I expect any place to do for the first few weeks as they settle in.

I really love their commitment to craft beer, especially Arizona beers. $5 pitchers of AZ beer before 5:00 is not only quite a tasty offering, but appeals to my love of all things local.

Give OHSO a try!
I wish I was a beer drinker.

But alas, I am not.  But the people that I was with on Friday were and they had nothing but great things to say about the beer selection. I had cider...which really doesn't tell you much.  But I did try their sangria and I really wasn't impressed.  

It was pretty awesome that the owner, John, came up and chatted with us for a good half hour about the restaurant.  It has only been open for 6 weeks and they are trying different things with the menu.  The micro brewery won't be up and running for another 6-9 months, but the beers that they had were from breweries local and from the western side of the country.  He also let my two friends try different types of beer to see what they would like.  I only heard amazing things about the White Chocolate beer that they had.  He also explained to me why I may had not like the sangria, which was also interesting.  

I did not have anything to eat while I was there, but I had to say that the ribs that our neighbors at the next table were having smelled AMAZING!  (I am not a BBQ person by any means, so that to me was a big plus) 

My friend and I both commented that we had to try this place since we drove by it so many times.  I can't wait to go back and try the food...and update the review! :)
If you like hot cucumbers, you'd better get into OHSO fast, because I'd bet this place has a six month to one year lifespan. 

Really, hot cucumbers? My partner and I were excited to see OHSO from the street, and I was particularly intrigued with the "Nano Brewery" moniker. Sounds great! Big disappointment. They are trying to be like St. Francis or The Vig, and it ain't working for them. 

And then I ordered a $12 or $13 "flatbread," which was a tiny square pizza with hot cucumbers on top of it. That's right . . . cooked cucumbers. Ugh!!! After scraping the cucumbers off, the balance of the chicken flatbread tasted OK. But like so many things on the menu here at OHSO, it was overpriced and uninspired.

I like the beer list, but that's about it. Give it a little more intimate interior design, set up an outrageous happy hour, and this place could make it. But not like it is now. No way.
My boyfriend and I came here this past Friday night for dinner as we had both drive by the place quite often and have been wanting to try it out. 

The service was great and I liked the wide open space. We tried two different beer samples for a $1 each and settled on splitting a pitcher of Levitation which we both enjoyed.

We ordered the green chile dip appetizer. I ordered the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend ordered the brisket. He LOVED the brisket and after taking a bite of it, I could see why. It was quite good. My shrimp tacos however, were so bland that I barely ate half of my meal. And it was a "small plate." I wasn't the biggest fan of our appetizer but after tasting my dinner, I decided I liked the dip a lot more and finished it off. Definitely do not recommend the shrimp tacos.

One annoying thing was our meals came out right after our appetizer. A little time in between would have been good - but I'll take that over slow service any day. 

I'm giving this place four stars because of how great the brisket was and despite not liking my dish, I had a great time and think this place has lots of potential. I'll be back to try something else!
Was looking for a good beer and something to eat with some friends the other day, and this new place popped up in my head. So we checked it out and loved it! We got the IPA pitcher and several of their late eats including the Nachos and flatbread Pizza... for 5 bucks each it was great! We all thought the place had a good vibe going and I, being an Arcadia kid my whole life, thought it fits into the Arcadia neighborhood perfectly! The place wasn't packed at all, but the mix of people was great. Really cool place which we plan on making one of our regulars! Hope it does well!
Anybody who spends a minute on Indian School road cruising to and fro Old Town has been sure to see the Orange Sign of O.H.S.O. teasing them as the latest BARCADIA experience to pop up.  Yet another neighborhood bar/gastro pub which has become the genre of the moment in Arcadia.  I must admit the formula works and if O.H.S.O. is able to keep pace then hurray for all of us.

In this case the 3 star rating represents a perfectly MOR experience.  Starting with design O.H.S.O. stayed true to the area trends with mix material semi-industrial set-up.  It's many nooks and cranny's are probably meant to be quaint and homey but it seems a little busy and disjointed.  And although the place is cute enough, I could not help but feel it was not complete.  Maybe it wasn't. I was lucky enough to grab lunch just a couple of days after it opened, they may have some final touches to put on.  In short I have nothing bad to say but I did not get that wow effect I was hoping for. 

As for food - it was one of those menus where nothing really reached out and grabbed hold of me.  I settled for a flatbread on server recommendation.   It was pretty flavorful and for value again not bad, not great I guess just about right.   Another 3 stars.

My service was excellent:  Passionate,  Proud of his new place, knowledgeable and excited.  That was the best part of the experience and the one thing that will bring me back.  My ice tea was full, recommendations sincere and my table clean. What more could I ask for?  It was very refreshing to see that type of pride and enthusiasm from an employee.

The local beer touch was refreshing as well and a great connection to the local community.  

In short O.H.S.O. which my server quipped was "OH-SO tastey" seemed to be OH-SO, O.K.   There is reason enough to go back and see how it evolves.   As it competes with some of the neighborhoods similar experiences I think it has just a little work to do.  I am always rooting for a new spot and I will do the same for O.H.S.O.
Two additional visits:
One for happy hour.   Go the cheese appetizer plate....bit pricey $18 for a soso plate.  
NORTH has a better plate for $10 happy hour.  Also, the waitresses blood went cold the second she realized we were there for a drink and appetizer and not for dinner.

Again went back for Sunday 10am brunch.  Almost no one there.....but the waitress was SUPER slow.  Was 1/2 hr until she finally started bringing our drinks...and finally had to ask the manager to get the last drink (a mimosa...) made and at the table.
Then the five breakfast meals came out in spurts....with again one coming 10 minutes after.   Manager again super apologetic and comped the late plate.

Want this place to make it. Great menu...but the waitresses seem to be A.D.D. or just living in another world.
I like this place. I'm rooting for it. It has some good things going for it, and some not so good things. 

The Good
It has a good beer selection. I love a place that has good beers and not "many beers on tap" that prove to be the stuff sold at 7-Eleven. It's broken down into AZ based beers, and non-AZ beers to explore. 

The place is also has nice decor. It has a minimalistic vibe, still feels local and can see it becoming a go-to place for people in the area. 

The Bad
Understand, I'll give a "get out of jail free" card here because the place is new and I do plan on going back to see how it matures, but for now, it has some growing pains. 

The service has been hit or miss. I've been several times. When busy, I have to fight for attention to place an order. When slow, I still need to call attention to the servers. If you're busy, that's fine. If you're slow, don't hang around with the other servers and chat. Once they discovered us, they were attentive. 

The food is average. I can understand this for a place wanting to be known more for their beers, but when you're official name includes the word "eatery", the food should be good. I've had the flatbreads and they can be better. 

Final comment is that I'm excited to see how their own "nano beers" turn out. I believe they are not allowed to sell their own brews just yet. Will be interesting to see how this place matures.
Truly don't appreciate the pathetic TEASE they have by naming this place with initials, yet refusing to tell us what they actually mean.  If there isn't a clear meaning, then you're lame for having a name like this.  Please, drop the act.

They don't brew their own beers as of now.  They're contracted out by someone else (Grand Canyon I think, which doesn't have a good reputation for award winning beers).

Large tap selection, but sadly it is heavily skewed heavily towards Arizona beers which are not exactly highly rated, nor sought after by those really into great craft beer.  Luckily they still have some of the better regional beers from California & Colorado (among others) on tap as well.

Food is extremely high in price, excluding happy hour.  Maybe they'll do better than the failed German places in this location before it.
Had a fantastic evening with friends and neighbors for Jeff's birthday.
Terrific eats and brews and drinks in this spectacular environment.
Thanks.
So I didn't try the beer BUT the bloody mary's are amazing.  A-ma-zing.  I also ordered the pork arepa.  Super flavorful and the perfect amount if you're beyond starving, which I was.  My friend ordered the green chili pulled pork sandwich which was equally as good.  I will definitely be back.  If anyone has had a bad experience here, it must've been a fluke...
Sad, but true -- another half-hearted attempt to create a local neighborhood bar falls short.   The reviews on here already say it all, so here are my Cliff notes.

Don't name your place something catchy, only to have no meaning behind it.  We asked our server, and her answer was, "We don't know..." Make it up at this point, to avoid the buzzkill when the answer falls short.  How about, "So-So" instead?

Salads follow the motto, "Quality over quantity." The few little grapes hidden in the bottom didn't justify a $12 salad with no taste and bland dressing.

I wanted to like, actually -- LOVE this place, and I was sad with the experience. The prices are high, and services is sub-par, and they might just get away with it for a year or so.

I am the biggest supporter of local biz you will ever know, so it bums me out to write this.  Maybe with some tweaks, OHSO can turn it around.
I'm a big fan of the beer selection and the gnocchi bolognese.  It's tough to get a drink from the bar when it's crowded and you're waiting for a table.
Ate lunch here during the week.  Great food for the price.  Cool atmosphere.  Makes me think twice about driving 3 more miles to Old Town. I'm not a beer drinker, but I welcome establishments like these to add to the Arcadia mix of wine bars.
The outside looks pretty cool, but the inside missed big time.  I think they were trying for hip, industrial... and instead it seems like a banquet hall.  Lots of beers on tap, but both of ours were hardly cold, and my husbands was flat.

He had the Pisa Flatbread, it was okay, nothing to drool over.  I had the steak skillet thing... what a mess.  Hardly any meat, and it's just a bunch of soggy french fries mixed with onion, pepper and some cheese.  

I usually enjoy checking out the Restrooms, as so many now adays are interesting... didn't even bother here.  And they have valet parking!!  Really!!?  This place doesn't justify it.  Big disappointment....


OK....  after I did this review, I got an e-mail from Jon, one of the owners.  Was very surprised.  Glad to know that they do pay attention to us Yelpers!!  Good business Jon, and I hope that my review does give constructive feedback....  with such a response, we may give it another shot!!    Good luck
Warm beer mugs and warm beer...not a good combination if you are a brewery.

Please get some frosted mugs in that place!
This location has been re-born as a really comfortable hang-out.  NICE open patio for the bar, choice of couch seating and low top or high top tables.  

Way to support the local breweries with a very solid offering of brews from all over Arizona!  

Nice menu, not to full of itself but interesting enough to make us ask a few questions.  The Yucca Chips are nothing more than a crunch delivery system for the guacamole which is tasty!

Husband says YES to the fresh, flavorful, juicy burger - even the bun was good and it stood up to the toppings!

Apple pie tasted homemade except BETTER because my crust sucks and their's did not!    GOOD DATE NIGHT PLACE or place to meet up with friends and hang!
more like a 3.5 stars and strictly a beer review, though beer is my food.

If I were to convert a beer hater to the beer world, I would bring them here.  It's clean cut, modern with a sweet and not too hoppy tap list.  The list is pretty impressive, half from Arizona and the rest are seasonal beers from known breweries.   Taster's a $1, $2 for the rare beers.  

If you're a new beer convert: 
Try the White Chocolate Ale, Orange Blossom and OHSO Raspberry Wheat. 

For you beer geeks you don't need my advice, though the White Chocolate was my favorite on tap.  Surprisingly wheaty, with milk chocolate body and a clean crisp finish.  

My major complaint here is that it just doesn't feel like an authentic beer bar, it looks the part, but its lacks something.  Quoting the bartender, "we keep what sells."  Not exactly a mood lifter.  I know it's a business, but I've come to expect more from my bartenders.  And it's not the best place to spark up a beer chat with your neighbor.  

I'll be back for happy hour, it's tough to beat $5 for local beer, convenience and some good TVs .  A note of caution to prevent awkward moments.  Before settling in, check the bar in case you run into your pops.
Right now this patio is dope because it faces west and the weather is beautiful.  The beers are decent, but a little heavy on the AZ beers.  I'd like to see as many AZ beers along but a larger selection of beers then.  I really like the Papago Coffee Beer being available there.  The service is good as well, my server was very helpful and accomodated us in everyway.  

I agree with some of the other reviews about the inside atmosphere; its not so enticing.  Food is good, could be alot better with the crowd they draw in though.  They could do more local meat and veg like St. Francis.
When we arrived, I was a little leary because of the valet setup. You know, that "another" VIG feeling. But all was well. Did not eat, just met some friends and had beers on the patio. Location is great and the patio was comfy to hang out at. Hipster level - OK. 

Beer selection is excellent. They have the $1 and $2 tastes that make it kinda cool to try beers. The service was slow on the night we went. Did not seem like a lot going on, but I we had to wait a few times when we were parched. 

Cool interior and good mix of people. Music selection was good and started to sway to a personal preference of hair metal close to midnight. I want this place to be Better and succeed! Stay tuned, I will update when we eat. Prices are fair.
Great beer selection for all people!  Love all the microbrews on tap.  Good food too!
I keep going to this place beause its close and its the best tap + atmosphere close.  I'm excited about the back patio opening up.  I with they had some good IPAs on tap especially with it starting to warm up.  The AZ IPAs are hem-haw; I want some Colorado or North Cali IPAs, heck even some Oregon ones would be nice.  

Oh and how bout some happy hours specials on the menu.  Could be a good idea to change that menu up a litttle too.
I have been here 3 times so far. The food has been really tasty.  This area has been waiting for a place like this as you can see from the crowded parking lot almost every night.  They have a solid beer selection and the $1 tasters let you explore.  Try the shrimp tacos!  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
O.H.S.O. is working it. They've got a good selection of beers and that propagates Phoenix's beer revolution, and they're liberal with the samples, which is terrific. With the exception of the arepas, the menu is fairly standard pub fare. I don't recommend the arepas, though, or at least the tuna one. It just wasn't clicking.

O.H.S.O.'s best aspect is ambiance. With warm colors and wood accents, it feels like a nice, friendly pub you can bring your kids to. Considering the other options for decent beer selections around central Phoenix, O.H.S.O. isn't perfect, but it might be the best short of a drive to Papago.

Also, Arizona's beer culture is picking up, but it is just not there yet. I appreciate O.H.S.O.'s dedication to local brewers, but they'd be better off reaching into California/Oregon/Colorado than hosting a bunch of mediocre Fretzky's taps. Or at least some of Four Peaks better stuff...
Fantastic new back patio with stellar views and super ambience!  Had a couple o' pitchers....some delish flat bread to nosh on...and great service.
Being an out of towner, and one who digs on the local scene, it was a pleasure finding OHSO! I mean what's not to like about nano-brewery beer right?

1st off - great service... we had a party of 19... no "OMG face from the manager / hostess" - nothing but... "No prob... we got this!" - Waitstaff was off the charts friendly & efficient... definitely added to the experience.

Menu is small plates, big plates, flatbreads, salads & something you almost never see on menus... Arepas... 

After a couple of 6% alcohol content "Kilt-lifters"... it was time to chow down. 

Feeding a herd of 19 buzzed semi-mature but hungry men is no easy task.

I had the beet salad & the shrimp taco small plate... Small plate? It was 5 tortillas and a whole lot of shrimp cooked to perfection...  awesome!

The others dined on ribs, pulled pork & pastrami... amongst other things... not one negative among the chosen chow...

Interesting mix of locals and hipsters...  I guess the bird-shit covered maserati belonged to one of the local posers? Perhaps... but for the most part, a fun, easy going crowd who were there for the food... and the mostly, the beer...

A definitely must try in the AZ
Best patio in town.  Only visited once so far.  Food above average and the menu has a good variety that goes beyond basic bar food. Service and the patio were A+.  The place just has a cool vibe to it.  Can't wait to go back.
Been to OHSO a few times since opening and there is a lot to like about it.  First off, there beer selection is great!  There is a wealth of choices available, many of which are not commonly seen or carried at most bars or restaurants. For the micro brew fans, you will love this place!  It gives you the ability to try some of the best selections out there from across the state and also some of the most popular out of state brewery's.  OHSO scores high marks on environment as well especially now that the new back patio has opened.  Great idea to do that especially with the canal behind it and the limited space up front.  If you get there during happy hour and wonder where all the people are, they are out back!

My only downside to OHSO so far has been the food.  I like the creative menu idea but nothing I have had has ever stood out in any way.  It is neither good or bad, just average.  I guess I tend to compare everything to 4Peaks and that is hard to compete with.  But overall, who cares.  Lets go drink some beer!
Went to OHSO on a Sunday afternoon for some Beers and Grub. Being that I mostly find myself hanging out in Downtown Scottsdale and Arcadia I had felt bad by not showing them some love. Wish I could say the love was returned. For only being open as short of a time as they have been what a dirty place. I sat and watched at least five of the beer taps constantly drip which in turn created rust spots dripping down the same cabinets that were just painted over from German Corner. The food was a two. Brisket sandwich was a gut busting stomach rock and if you are going to try to do breakfast/brunch it really shouldn't be that difficult . As we were leaving we ran into some local food industry people we knew and found out about a back patio which you really wouldn't know was there if it wasn't pointed out. Was hoping for a mind-blowing patio to save our overall experience but ended up being a bar made of 2x4's with a bunch of fruit flies and a not so great view of the Scottsdale drainage canal. Woohoo.
I got brunch here on a Sunday, and it was amazing in so many different ways. I loved the environment, which was kind of like a more unique down to earth version of Postino's/Livingroom. The food was delicious. We had the breakfast flatbread and breakfast burrito. Of the two, the burrito was the best! It's quite possibly the best breakfast burrito I've ever had. An added bonus was how the brunch menu was paired with a beer or mimosa, which reminded me of our European travels like how in Paris our lunch was paired with wine or beer. The best part is that they're dog-friendly complete with a water station!
Good food and vibe. A much needed addition to Arcadia!
Food is fantastic, my friends and I have been here many times and we have never had a bad experience.  The new back patio is great, service always good.  Good overall vibe there..
Enjoyed the extensive beer list.  With hot summer days just around the corner...and this place just around MY corner...the thought of summer just became a tad bit more tolerable!
My wife and I went here and sat on the patio near the canal. The temperature was perfect for being outside and the view of Camelback was sublime. My only complaint about the seating was it was difficult to read our menus when we were there in the evening.
Our waiter was friendly and helpful.
The chicken salad sandwich I had was very good and my wife loved the burger she ordered.
All in all a very nice and relaxing Sunday evening dinner.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Since I discovered this place, I have been at least 4 times. The space is very  big yet cozy. It has an area for whatever mood your in. There is the main dining area, the bar section, the front patio, and the super cool big back patio. The back patio is lots of fun, but only open during the weekend. You can even bring your dog. I have tried several food items and all were very tasty. Of course, there is the beer. Too many to comment on, but the staff is very knowledgeable about the beer, and are very patient with helping you choose something new. Keep this place alive and go as often as possible.
Great addition to the Indian School corridor.  I love the location along the canal and the patio has great views of Camelback Mountain.  There is an extensive beer list and the drafts are reasonably priced.  The vibe is very cool and the bartender was extremely friendly and helpful.
After I left my first review owner sent me a message thanking us for our patronage. How sweet. ;)
Love this place. Great food. A large beer selection. The patio area is unique and is pet friendly. It even has a "Barking Bar" where your pup can get a drink of water.
have been back several times over the last few months, it is always the same, great food great service great prices.  Keep it up, and we will keep coming back!
Brisket sandwich to die for! Excellent beer selection! Id dine here again definitely
I guess the little 'R' icon means I'm a regular here - well I am. Four visits in the last month is about as regular as it gets for me (two of them in the same weekend as requested by my out-of-town visitors). After running along the canal for months seeing the words "Friendly Dog Patio" painted near the back, it was only a matter of time before my pup and I dropped by. We're both big fans!

The wine and beer selections are terrific, and the meatless choices are abundant. Of the hummus, guac, yucca chips, flatbread, veggie burger, fries, arepas, and salads - I have yet to find something that hasn't been delicious. We're not talking epic creative fusion cuisine here, just above-average pub grub. The mixed drinks are okay, but most of them are on the sweet side which isn't my thang. Happy hour prices are spectacular and we've had some stellar service to boot (enough to make up for a couple of service hiccups).

That fifth star awaits the back patio being open during the week. It's glorious with a view facing Camelback Mountain and set under the canal. The front patio view is well...the parking lot. Since I will likely always be outside with my dog, I'd rather not butt up to a piping hot grill. But I will give bonus points for having dog treats and a canine watering station. Woof woof hooray!
Arrived here around 7:30 on a Saturday evening after failing to get seated at nOrth (or however they spell it).  Note, this was not our "Second Choice", or "Plan B", it's another place we've been wanting to try and lacking ingress at NoRTH (or however they spell it), we decided to try OHSO.  My wife has been here before for happy hour on the patio and just raved about it, so she wanted me to try it out.

It was crowded when we got there, but we were able to quickly secure a table on the patio, looking out onto the canal - it was busy and noisy, but well appointed with patio-style furniture, booths and some really cool fans mounted on 50gal drums.  After cleaning the table, our server got us the wine/beer menus - quite a selection.  The wife started with a sampler of SanTan pineapple brew, and I tried a glass of their Sunspot Ale.  The pineapple beer had a weird, not disagree-able weird, but just weird flavor.  Neither of us liked it.  The Sunspot Ale was very light.  even watery.

The waitress came back shortly and we ordered our meal.  D1 had the OHSO Green Chili (sic) Pulled Pork, D2 had the Grilled Cheese Sandwich, wife had the Mahi+Chips and I went with the smoked brisket sandwich.  For Beers, the wife switched to Lindeman's Frambois Lambic and I switched to the OHSO Amber (Grand Canyon Brewing).  A small technicality on the drinks - it seems in America they just serve alcohol in any old glass.  Get a clue Americans, Beers, especially European beers have glasses that go with them.  Use them!  The Lambic came in some sort of water glass.  The Amber was a perfect pour into a beer glass.  Nice flavor, well balanced.

D1 enjoyed her pulled pork, scraping off the honey-jalepeno slaw, which was not as one would assume, sweet.  It wasn't spicy either, I'm guesing they used jalapeno chile powder.  It was ok but could have used a tad bit more honey to offset the powder flavor.  She scarfed the pulled pork, so I guess it was good.  D2 dismangled (yes) her grilled-cheese/bacon sandwich.  I got a taste and it was not bad.  Wife was happy with the mahi fish and chips and my brisket was ok.  It was a big pile-o-meat on a fresh hamburger bun, tossed in a smoky-sweet sauce and covered with a green-chile cheese sauce.  I could not taste any smoke flavor from the meat, it was obscured by the sauce, and I could not taste the cheese sauce - I wish there would have been more of that.  The shredded brisket was tender and flavorful,  and I did enjoy the sandwich.

The ambiance is neighborhood cool, with all the dogs and the patio atmosphere, and to use the facilities, you enter the building from the back, walk through the dining room to the restrooms at the front.  they are not well-marked and it's a bit weird to be walking through the dining room to get to them.  The dining room itself has not been updated since this was the German restaurant before OHSO, they are even using the same furniture.  Definitly go with the patio for ambiance.  There is a really cool seating area with fireplace on the way back, that looks like it would be fun on an cold winter evening.

I'm pretty sure I'll be back, some of the items on the menu must be tried again - like the burger and some tacos - and the beer list is quite extensive.
Large beer selection and a great food. There is also a big patio out back to enjoy the milder months.
I love this place.  It's right down the canal from where I live, and one of the few patios that I know you can watch a sports game outside.  Everything I've ever ordered has been delicious.  Did I mention how cool their patio is?  They even have bowls of water so you can bring the pups along!  And Crispin, I love that stuff, this place has it.  

Taking off a star for happy hour ending at 6pm and no reverse happy hour.  This place is DEAD after about 10pm on the weekends.  Come on... put the special on....you know you want to....and then this would be the perfect bar within a quick walk home.  And I'd be your biggest fan!
Cool place with lots of beer choices. I didn't eat but we got good service and there was plenty of seating and a good atmosphere. There is also a patio out back that allows dogs, but it's only open on the weekends (not when I was there). I will be back to try the food for sure and will update my review accordingly.
Great changing beer list, without pandering to the mainstream boring choices. Manager Paul is a class act.
I went to OHSO with a large group of friends and we were seated really quickly even though the place was packed.  The ambiance is great.  The only reason why I gave it 3 stars was because I've been twice and wasn't extremely impressed with the food.  I'm a vegetarian and loved the fact that they have a veggie burger.  The burger was good, not amazing.  Another time I ordered some type of flat bread pizza which wasn't great.  One of my friends had the pulled pork and he LOVED it.
O.H.S.O. is probably the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. Coming down from Flagstaff on an evening in late May, my wife and I were looking to celebrate, and remembered seeing this place and feeling intrigued. They still don't have their "nanoBrewery" going, but it looks like that's coming soon. What they do have is a beer tap that knocked my socks off. If you like microbrewed beer, this is the place to go. Half the beer list is from Arizona, including some of our favorite Flagstaff breweries, and many excellent Phoenix area breweries. The left side is from slightly further afield. No Bud Light here.

Our biggest disappointment of the evening was that we didn't bring our dog. As soon as we walked in the front door, we saw a flashing sign for a "Dog Friendly Back Patio." The first server we saw told us to sit anywhere, and that the patio was available. When we got out there, the air was cool, the atmosphere was open, and the music was fun but not so loud we couldn't hear each other. 

The patio was clean, and well established. Our server was attentive and friendly, but not oppressive.

We didn't have dinner, just the green chile dip (a warm kind of humus), the beet salad, and some beer. All of the above were tasty, and just what we were looking for. 

At the end of the evening we went back inside for a performance by the house band, The Persuaders, who were fun to watch.
Great restaurant/bar. Lots of their own brews. Great beer selection. They even had a cider for me! I'm not a huge fan of beer, but cider beer is great! Everyone at my table seemed to like the beers that they had. I came with party of 10-12 people and they were able to get us a table. We went on a Tuesday and they had happy hour until 6 p.m. They weren't offering any food specials. But, they had specials on pitchers of beer. 

I ordered the fish and chips. It was three huge pieces of Mahi and fries. Delicious, but too much for me to eat. The flatbread pizzas looked delicious. I definitely want to go back again and maybe try one of their flavored beers and a pizza. :)
O.H.S.O Bland. 

This place is in such a beautiful, industrial space, but it's so boring. It really lacks personality which given the concept, and building, is so easily capable of achieving. Of course, the beer selection is great. They snuck the Sam Adams Boston Lager onto their menu, which I think is a wonderful beer, but not appropriate in the grand selection at O.H.S.O.  I found the patio furniture they had near the cool garage doors was a bit tacky. I don't think this is a permanent location for this bar, but I think they could've done a better job with decor and furnishings. 

The service was fine, as were the beers.
I dig this place. Shame they were out of Papago Orange Blossom when we came! Food is good and lovely selection of beer!!
Since my first review, I have been back a couple of times and had a chance to try out the menu and the dog patio. All of the food I've tried has been great, and the burger is one of the best I've had anywhere, and worth the price which is just a bit higher than average. This is definitely my favorite place within walking distance of home. 

The (dog friendly) back patio was nice and I got there as they were starting to close it down for the night and the bartender was over it. He obliged and served me and a few others who arrived a few minutes later, but he wasn't happy about it. I don't know if they serve their entire beer list in the back or if he just didn't want to have to go to the front to get them, but the beer list I got back there was a fraction of the list up front. Still, there were some good options and if that is the tradeoff for having my dog with me, I'll take it.
You have to experience this place to find out for yourself what all the "RU-HA" is all about!
The place has great food, great live entertainment, and great selection of Micro-Brews on tap!
I want to like it.  I really do.  They have an amazing back patio and carry Tito's vodka (which is super delicious if you haven't tried it).  But every time I've gone, something has disappointed me.  
First off, service is nothing to write home about.  The first time we were here, we grabbed a table in the bar and were told we'd have to check in with the hostess for that table.  We checked in with her and were told it would be about 15-20 minutes.  We headed to the bar to grab a drink while we waited.  After we got our drinks, the hostess found us and said our table was ready.  Guess what table it was.  That was a big WTH.  Our server had to be flagged down by us when we wanted to order another drink or food.  He was ok with visiting all of his other tables around us though.  The next 2 times I've been here, the service was better, but terribly slow.
Next up is the beer.  It is tasty.  I don't drink beer, but my friends let me try the ones they ordered.  I know that beer is best cold.  I imagine how much more these tasty beers would be if they were weren't warm.  It is a nanoBrewery for goodness sake.  Keep your main product cold!
Finally, the food.  I'm just going to talk about one instance.  Brunch.  We ordered a breakfast flatbread that called for an over-medium egg to be on top.  The egg was completely cooked.  The yolk was solid which I find disgusting in a fried egg.  The point of an over-medium egg being on top of a pizza is so the runny yolk gets all over it.  And it's amazing when done right.  If the yolk isn't going to be runny, then scramble the darn things so it can be easily spread across the pizza.  The cost of the flatbread did include choice of beer or mimosa, so that helped the cause.
Will I return here?  I'm sure my friends will want to have drinks on the patio and I will go with them.  Will I ever suggest to go here?  No way.
We tried OHSO for dinner tonight and could not have been happier with the food, beer, and service. For happy hour, you get $6 baby-pitchers of local brews -- good stuff. My wife (a vegetarian) had the Mediterranean Salad, sans meat, and loved it. I had one of the chicken flatbreads and it was delicious. I'd like to try almost everything on the menu.

The beer list is unique and unmatched from what I've seen so far in the valley. Service was outstanding. Give it a shot. I hope this place sticks around, because we will be back often.
I went here with a large group last night for a birthday celebration...it was bar #2. We had 8 people there and the people at OHSO were very accommodating for our party. We sat on the patio, which was nice. I actually only had food at this place, so can't comment on the drinks, but I split their bbq burger with the BF and I thought it was really good! Now, it may be because I was drinking, but I ate my half burger so fast it was ridic. This bar has a very relaxed atmosphere and the waiter didn't try to hurry us out, even when the drinking had slowed down. I would definitely go here again!


PS I want to try a beer breakfast....what an awesome idea!
The noise makes it almost impossible to talk. The staff looks like the customers or the customers are better dressed. Staff is wrinkled, sunglasses on the back of their head, it's hard to know who you supposed to ask for help. Once you know, they are responsive, friendly and willing to please.

The food is fair, dressings, sauced are too watered down. The food is minimal in terms of amounts for the money. It is a favorite among the neighborhood but these are now the adults whom hung out at the old Monastery behind Whitney & Murphy funeral home. I am beginning to think my fellow Az peeps have no idea what good casual food is about. The service in AZ is terrible, all of customer service in businesses here is terrible, restaurants and retail.
watch out for the Valets, they drive customers cars too fast around the parking lot, here and Arcadia Tavern!


I am entitle to my opinion since I have worked my way through school as a waitress/bartender , valet service manager and service consultant.

Deb
Great beer selection, but we were just in for lunch. I was definitely tempted, but remained a good girl. Or was a good girl for once... potato... pah-ta-tah. 

The spinach/artichoke/crab dip was really good. I need to find those yummy yucca chips by the bag. I really liked how the dip wasn't too heavy and cheesy. Nice clean flavors. We then spit the chicken salad sandwich with the side of the gnocci for an extra dollar. The gnocci for an extra buck was a STEAL. Seriously... should I have snuck out the back? Holy crap was that gnocci good. The chicken salad sandwich was super yummy too and I loved that it was served on a croissant. 

Service was great and we will definitely return soon. Next time I will get beer!
Still a fan because I love the beer selection, and the venue. But, I want to update because the gnocchi has gotten a little chef-boy-ardee-ish. Not inedible but not as impressive as it once was...  so, I guess, I retract my love for the gnocchi but there's still a lot to love about this place!
I went here a few weeks back with some friends for their happy hour. I tried a few of their brews on tap, and really liked each one. 

I also tried the BBQ Burger, which was one of the better burgers I've had in quite some time. 

The only knock on this place was the overall feel in the restaurant. You walk in and don't really know what exactly the place is supposed to be. Lounge? Restaurant? Sports bar? It even comes off a bit like a tavern with a cabin decor feel. 

Overall, after obviously going once, I liked the beer and the food they offered, and will go back to try more of what's on the menu.
Oh soo many microbrews to taste! Small pitchers, traditionally warmer than your domestics.  The meat & cheese plate is a great app-yucca chips too!  Go when the weather is nice & hang on their back patio. Cheers!
If I lived closer I would probably eat and drink here weekly.  The outside patio is the best part about this place!  I love how a lot of patrons ride their bikes to OHSO and how they have a bike hanging from the outside bar.  If you like beer and I mean good beer you will enjoy this place!  They have an amazing amount of beers on tap and support all of the Arizona micro brews!  The food is alright...my favorite is the pastrami sandwich!  Doesn't matter your age you will enjoy this place and the owners seem like real good guys and have put a lot effort making this place great!
We really enjoyed this place and look forward to trying it out again.  We just had an app and beers but overall it was good.  The service wasn't that good and they didn't bring the beer in cold glasses which was disappointing...

Pros:
Beer Selection - $1 tasters?  I'll take it!
Ambiance
Green chile dip with yucca chips was fabulous!!!!

Cons:
Service (server just basically threw our drinks down and even got them mixed up, took a long time to get our drinks...)
Giving warm-just-out-of-the-dishwasher-glasses for the iced-down-tapped-beers??  Big no-no when it comes to beer tasting and drinking!!!

We look forward to trying this place out again!!!
Awesome job rejuvenating this bar from the dark dive bar it was. They have a great selection of brews from all over AZ, the US, and the globe as well as a very decent wine list. Thus far I've tried the pork tacos and the grilled cheese, both of which were delicious. Service was a little on the slow side as our server was clearly over-loaded.
Good beer and good food, what more can you ask for?! I had their raspberry beer and it was good. I ordered their non-margherita flat bread pizza and it was really good but definitely not a margherita!
OHSO has great food, a wonderful selection of beer, and a very cool, modern decor.  Above all, it looks and feels local.  Local beer, local ingredients, your neighborhood bar.  I really like this type of restaurant.  Keep it up guys.  We'll be back.
You can get a 3-ounce taster of any of the beers on tap for $1 or $2 each. I went with a group of friends, and we tried ALL THE BEERS. It is a night that will live on in the annals of history. I highly recommend it as an adventure, a group bonding activity, and an opportunity to discover new beers you like.

The food is mighty tasty. I've had sweet potato fries at a lot of places, and these are hands-down the best. They're a little on the salty side, but that's how I like them. If only they offered them with Delux's aioli, then we'd be in business. We also got a meat & cheese plate and the grilled chicken flatbread pizza. They were both quite tasty and disappeared quickly.

Our server was great. We were a big group, and it would be easy to mess up with all of those tasters. But he got everything right and checked in with us regularly. It also didn't hurt that he was a cutey patootey.

The only con was that we were seated in an alcove with two booths, and it got really loud with all the sound bouncing around. I wish they'd put up a curtain between the booths and something on the walls to dampen the sound. For now, I'll just ask for a different table.
O.H.S.O. doesn't stand for anything in particular but who cares? This place has a nice feel, friendly service, and a terrific brunch. The food was uber-tasty, but what really wowed us was the $10 price for a brunch item plus a 10 ounce beer. Where else can you be fed like that? Good menu choices like breakfast burritos, green pork chile, and a fantastic french toast with toppings. Love the open garage door windows and the cool mist on the toasty Arizona patio.
Went there for the first time last night. This place was awesome. Has an amazing patio and beer selection. A perfect atmosphere for any type of crowd. Great music. My new favorite place for sure.
7/28/12

Met with a few friends who'd already started drinking during happy hour (read 530p) and finished dinner before I arrived around 840p.  Serendipitously found a great parking spot across the front entrance.  I knew I wouldn't enjoy my stay here when I was hit by such loud chattering as soon as I opened the front door.  That and the scent of rancid beer that greeted me were enough to make me want to bolt, but I'd already let my friends know I'd arrived via text and Yelp check-in.  Found my friends at a four-top, sat down, and proceeded to shout hellos- strike three!  I REALLY dislike having to shout to a person who's sitting/standing right beside me to be heard.  What's even worse is having to nuzzle my ear to their mouth to understand what they're saying...  Really made me wish I was at mellow Four Peaks, already sipping on a cold pint of Peach ale and waiting on dinner to arrive.

I sat at that table for twenty minutes watching at least three different servers pass by without stopping to ask if I needed anything.  Thank goodness I brought my bottle of water with me, or I would've been really annoyed, because not only were my head and ears aching from the noise, but I was also hungry AND very thirsty, as well!  It was only around the 30-minute mark, while I and two other friends were standing by a landing of stairs did a server stop and ask if I had been helped.  By that time, I'd already made up my mind to leave and was already saying goodbye to my friends.

Too bad I couldn't get any love... 3 oz beer samplers are $1 or $2 (those designated with a plus sign).  Would've been a fun way to taste my way through the menu while checking out just how well the servers know the beers they offer- I'm a newbie to the world of beers, but I already know I don't like a lot of hops.

Pints are $5 each (boo!), but $9 per pitcher (awesome!), and that's not even happy hour prices!  A pint of local brewery Four Peaks is $5- what?  I expected to see a lot of O.H.S.O. brewery beers, but I only spotted TWO.  But I shouldn't have even bothered to study all of this since I never received service!
Good concept, environment and food that do just enough to distinguish itself amongst the many great spots in the area.  The burgers are actually a slightly better value then most of the other meaty sandwiches up and down the famed Biltmore burger corridor.  

They are at a great spot at the base of Camelback Mtn.and I was rather surprised that they haven't done anything to showcase that view.
Cool spot! 

The GOOD

Amazing selection of beers

Decent deals for micro pitchers

AWESOME Arizona Burger

Good location



The BAD

Horrible Beef Brisket Sandwich - sent it back. It was just super DRY. Maybe just an off day.

Flatbread pizzas are decent at best. Everything just slides right off it because the saice is too watery.

NOISE- This place very badly needs to install some sound diffusers on the ceiling. There was a table of 6 drunk and laughing girls at the other side of the restaurant and we were blown away by how the sound carried. In a concrete place like this they need sound panels.
I really like any place that allows me to take my dog, the fact that they have a "bark bar" with water bowls and treats makes me love it even more!

The outside is really nice, right next to the canal with easy access to walk the pup dogs. They even have an outside wash area for when you need to wash your hands and can't go inside since you got your animal friend with you.

Bartenders are really awesome, I have yet to find one that is unfriendly. Love the 3 oz samples for only $1. The OHSO salad with chicken was good, pretzels were good, yucca chips with dip (it's guacamole. Which I thought was a little weird that they said dip instead of guacamole) was really good. Something different from corn chips.

I love that they started serving up growlers! I absolutly love that I can go less then 2 miles and get a growler filled with yummy Four Peaks and Oak Creek or any one of there tap selections. I can't wait to try out their brew once it's done!

The fact that it is just a bike ride away makes me wish the cooler days would come even quicker!

I definitely recommend everyone try this place out! You just might see me there ;)
I really like the vibe of this place. Been here a few times and it's always a good time. They have some awesome beers and you can create your own sampler since they're only $1 or $2. The food is decent. I've had the brisket sandwich and I tried a salad once. The service is kind of hit or miss at this place. Sometimes it's great and sometimes you sit there waiting forever. 

They have a pretty big patio out back, I haven't been out there yet since it's hot as balls right now. But I'm sure I'll be hitting it up once the temperature drops. The inside is pretty legit too, bar atmosphere, but they have this back room area that's got some couches for lounging...that part is kinda dark and relatively sketch but I could def see myself getting loud and tipsy back there. 

Overall, it's a good spot and one that I'm sure I'll visit often.
We fell in love with O.H.S.O. immediately and we've been coming to OHSO regularly for some time with our kids for their $10 beer brunch on the weekends. I love their breakfast burrito on the beer brunch menu. On the regular menu my favorite is the brisket burger with a pitcher of something local or regional.

O.H.S.O. is a great example of a locally owned restaurant supporting local breweries (while working on their own) and other local community organizations.
First I would like to mention that I really enjoyed the atmosphere of OHSO, the fairly new back patio that is open has a fantastic view of the south side of Camelback mountain. And you can't argue about the great selection of beers they have as well as the very reasonable prices that they offer particularly through happy hour. That being said their choice and preparation of their food is something else to consider. While I understand they are new to the area and many restaurants go through various transitions until they get the product just right, I feel OHSO is still very much in the beginning stages and will become better over time.
We discovered this place in the current Phoenix magazine today. The place has a great look outside, upon arriving and inside was just as pleasant. It has a great patio out back but goodluck finding it. I read that one is to follow the Paw prints on the floor...could not find the Paw prints and had to ask for directions. I did like that they provide Dog biscuits and water out back.
We sat down starving, when our very friendly server, Hillary, immediately arrived to welcome us. Being our first time, we were eager to hear about the food but she completely assumed we were there to just drink. Are you pushing the brew here folks or the food? At least ask us why we are there first before you go on and on about the beer.
We started out with the Garlic hummus, which was good but it came out rather quickly. I question whether it was freshly made or from Cisco Foods. The cucumbers that came with it, were dried out, gross and rubbery. My partner ordered the Green chili stew Tacos and I had the Barbecue hamburger. Both were ok..it's above average, Bar food and need improvement. One of the tacos had a big piece of gristle. Don't you check your meat chef before you send it out? Complete lack of focus and concern for the quality of the food being sent out. 
You might not care for my review but if you care about your brand and what you represent...not just your brewery...you will take our first visit review seriously.
I know this may sound harsh but I must remain honest. People may come for great brew but they also for great food.
I love this place, they offer great local beer and the food is excellent! The Mule is one of the best drinks I have had ever, it is made with fresh made ginger beer and it is awesome. One of my favorite new places to hang out.
Good beer, impressive local selection and really exciting food.  The steak frites (small plate) is great and not a small plate, the shrimp arepa has interesting (sweet) flavors and the berry cobbler fruit dessert is out of this world...the cinnamon ice cream is well-worth the price of admission.  They also feature apple pie from Pie Snob, which is a major plus.  

The side of gnochhi is a steal at $5.  

The $10 brunch deal (brunch and a beer/mimosa for $10) is a neighborhood favorite.
Really liked this place and will be back again soon for sure. Complimentary valet, solid service from the hipster leaning staff and the food and beer was great. Try the Barrio IPA. One of the best IPAs I've had yet. Good sandwiches (pulled pork with the honey jalapeño slaw was unreal) and enjoyed the charcuterie board.
Have you been here? No? Then GO!!!! 

They have an awesome beer selection from local, AZ, breweries as well as other breweries. Their food is A-MAZING. Seriously, so good. We've been here 2x and both times it was excellent. 

It's kid and dog friendly. You seat yourself and the beer selection is written on a chalkboard. They have brunch, and if you go, try the french toast and the breakfast burrito. OH MY, sooooo good! For $10 you get a beer (or mimosa) and whatever they are serving for brunch. Dogs are welcomed in their back patio. They also sell growlers, score!

Service was awesome, both our waiter and the manager came to our table several times. 

We'll def be returning soon!
I really really really like OHSO.  I always feel a little odd reviewing a brewery since I don't drink beer, so I'll review the eatery part.  But let me say if I did like beer, I would love that you can buy small tastings before you commit.  Wouldn't it be great to be able to do that with anything?  

First off, the menu is perfect with a handful of appetizers, small plates, salads, burgers, and sandwiches all for $10-$15.  The small plates are really not that small.  The shrimp tacos were really good as was the accompanying slaw.  The tortillas are street size, but you get a good half dozen or so.    I really loved the grilled chicken flatbread with plenty of cheese, bacon, garlic poblano sauce, and a cilantro pesto.  If you're not a fan of cilantro, it is almost undetectable.  I also wish the poblano sauce were a little spicier.  But what makes this flatbread is the chopped tomato and cucumber salad on top.  It adds a nice sweetness and freshness to the pie.  Without it, the dish would fall a little flat to me.  And whatever you get, add french fries.  Thin and crispy with a sprinkling of black pepper.  Mmm.  Mmm.

It's never been busy on my visits, but I've only gone for weekend lunches.  Hopefully they stick around for a while.
the reason I am giving this 4 stars is because the staff and the weekend brunch menu rocks!  Staff is super nice and extremely helpful, great beer.  The food is not very good, I have tried several items on the menu and nothing very tastey.  The weekend brunch menu on the other hand is amazing!! Go on the weekend and sit outside and you will keep going back like I do.
Good patio, great beer list, food was average.
We went to O.H.S.O. for a company get together.  I had a couple of different beers - they were very strong in flavor but I actually prefer MGD on tap over all of these expensive beers.  I also had The Jensen - sort of a Margarita.  I liked it a lot - it was different than most Margaritas.  I had The Brisket - wow!  Excellent flavor and a great value.  Their fries taste like they are cooked in beef fat - they are so good I couldn't stop eating mine and any that were left over by anyone else.  Mmmmmm.
Made my first visit to O.H.S.O and place is awesome. Their beer selection is a micro brewery lovers paradise. Some beers I'd never seen anywhere else. The Dragoon IPA was a standout. The beer menu left side is all AZ beers and the right is ones from all over. Great atmosphere and and very cool looking place. They have a front open garage feel with tables. Their back patio is right up against the canal and once it cools off will be a tough seat to get. The food was fantastic. Had really good green chilli dip with flat bread and their burger was one of the best in town. Oh, and the bun was like a soft cloud. Not sure what type but it was so soft I left a thumbprint. I would like them to have larger steak fries made in house from real potatoes, but thats my only disappointment. 

Our server was great. Very knowledgeable about the different beers and came over often. Even gave us fresh water glasses after a while. Some of the reviews mention poor service but that certainly wasn't our experience. 

They do have TV's in the bar. The ones behind the bar on the entrance side can only be scene if you are sitting AT the bar as there is a beam that hangs down. But they do have TV's on another wall. 

So overall, very good experience!
I stopped in the other day while I was running around and decided to try this relatively new brewery/eatery in my neighborhood I keep driving by...I had a nice hoppy IPA and got the garden burger with it - both extremely enjoyable (I don't know how they got the garden burger patty to resemble an authentic backyard BBQ beef patty!). It was about 2 PM on a Thursday, so it was a totally casual atmosphere, hardly anyone in the joint...bartender friendly, service good...a pretty chill hang, all in all. I think that's what I liked most - the chill factor.
I love this place. I love the flat bread pizzas, I love the late night menu, I love that I can bring my dog, and I love the beers. I have a lot of friends that come in and out of town and I ALWAYS take them to O.H.S.O. It's one of those you have to try it places. The atmosphere is always fun and warm lots of things to look at and the food is great. Service is fast and attentive. I've been here for lunch, dinner, and midnight snacks. All great adventures. I am big on eating and drinking local and O.H.S.O. is my new favorite spot to have a relaxing drink. My boyfriend and I frequently come here and always bring our growlers to fill up.

Can't wait for my next visit!
Stopped in for breakfast.  Got a breakfast wrap and a coffee beer (cant remember the name) off there $10 brunch and beer menu.  Wrap was good, beer was AMAZING. Music and atmosphere were an extra bonus.  Will return to try their lunch/dinner and of course beer.

*update*- upon having dinner here I have decided this is just a beer place and I will not return willingly to eat here.
This place is a very odd combination of trendy and dumpy..

The beer menu looks awesome, but when I ordered one I was disappointed at the temperature of the beer.  It was cool..  but I like my beers a little cooler.

The burger was surprisingly good.  They don't try to put too much on it, the bread is good and holds together.  The fries could have used a second bath or just a longer cook but A-ok.  

The cheese plate however was a huge disappointment.  3 chunks of cheese on a plate with random things on it.  Let me try to paint a picture..  They had triangles of flatbread on the side - which may have been a little better if toasted/baked, but no it was pretty much right out of the bag.  There was a mound of weird sweet hummus-looking thing on which a couple triangles of weird cheese covered crispy bread was stood up on.  They really tasted weird.. and the hummus wasn't really hummus..  There were a few cocktail peppers on one corner with a few crinkle cut pickles.  The other corner had a sauce cup of dijon mustard.  Under the flat bread was a sweet relish/chutney thing.  There was also some kettle corn with mixed nuts mixed in.  And lastly there was a homemade(?) fruit roll up.  So it was basically a bunch of weird sweet-like things with a few wedges of cheese and some breads that were not  complementary to the cheese at all.

All in all, maybe I'll try this place again, but definitely not on my list of must-gos.
Had a flavorful meal last night for my sister's b-day dinner.  She had the green chile pork burger, I had the Ahi tuna salad and my other sister had the shrimp tacos.  I'd have to say that the portions were small, compared to the typical-American-serving.. which is nice, but not so good when you are famished (which we all were, in anticipation for 'dinner out' in Arcadia).

My Ahi portion was quite small (I'm pretty sure less than 4oz) but the salad and the dressing combination were an explosion of pure delight in my mouth.. tart cherries, crispy yucca and bitter arugula topped with soy ginger vinaigrette was such a delight!  My sister's also boasted about the flavor of their meal.  Truly tasty food.

The ambiance was pretty quiet, but then again it was Monday night.. and the lighting was a bit awkward where we were seated at.. I had this shining halogen bulb right in my direction and it was awkward.

Our server gal was nominal, friendly, but short with convo.

I wanted a Belgian beer, but they were out, so I nixed the beer idea (I know, I'm a turd, I should've just had some)  and got a Spanish Garnacha which was delicious.  My sisters enjoyed their sip of it.

I'll definitely be coming back for some more tasty food :)
Great staff great beer good food
What a nice, chill place to eat, hang out, or just have a beer or three. I had the white chocolate and the Essie coffee beers which were great. We loved the Green Chile Pork Sliders, sweet potato fries, and the AZ Burger. We plan on going again real soon.
I went to OHSO on a busy night (Oregon vs ASU) and the place was packed.  I got the Mahi Tacos and they were fantastic.  The dish came with about 6 or 7 small tortillas, some slaw and a great sauce.  I thought it was fun to assemble my own fish tacos, something I wasn't expecting. 

I ordered the Monkey Knife Fight beer (can't pass up a beer with that name) and it was also really good. 

I was loud there but I assume it was just because of the football fans and if you live in the area (Arcadia, Scottsdale) you can actually ride your bike on the canal and get there really easy. 

The best part by far was the take home doggie treat at the door.  I thought that was a really good touch. 

Their menu was diverse enough to accomodate everyone and there are so many different beers, you could spend a few days drinking there and never try the same one.  They get new beers on tap often to keep things fresh as well.   I recommend this place for sure.
This place is typical what Arcadia dining is about these days. The atmosphere is great with the patio but the food and service is not good at all. At least they are busy and people like to be seen.
I'm a little bit of a hippie at heart so I probably am biased when I say that I love this place and it's likely my favorite spot in Arcadia.  

A microbrewery with delicious food, a HUGE outdoor patio that's dog-friendly, amicable and helpful staff, and oh, right, did I mention that their beer is amazing?  What's not to like? 

Let's start off with food (because I'm a junkie).  I've raved about the Tavern's sweet potato tots, but these guys' sweet potato fries are, impossibly, even better.  How do you make better, better?  I could eat a bucket of these and drink beer and I'd call it a night out.  Chicken salad wrap is great, so is the green chili dip.  Beware of the green chili pulled pork sandwich if you're worried about your bread going soggy (it will).  Overall, the food is a smash.  

Brews: huge and fantastic selection.  They regularly rotate out selections as things go in and out of season, so the lineup is always changing.  Some steady favorites of mine: Dragoon IPA, Grand Canyon Amber, and the local Monje Azul (a light beer with a bit of a kick, if you're feeling light beer but want something with more substance than a Coors Light).  Chainsaw and Hefe is good too.  Basically, you can't go wrong.  

Environment:  This is what I love about OHSO.  I look at the vibe of this place as sort of like the Vig but much more laid back and friendly.  The outdoor patio in the back is spread out and open - great for socializing.  There are a few TVs so you can keep up with the scores, but not enough around to turn you into a social outcast just sitting there watching TV by yourself.  All in all, the place gives off a very relaxed, vintage villa aura, with a smidge of contemporary to it.  It's sweet. 

Complimentary valet, root beer candy at the hostess stand, great people, and the part that doesn't make you feel guilty about leaving your pooch at home: they make homemade dog biscuits from leftover grain from brewing, mixed with peanut butter and some other goodies, so your pup can have a good time too when you get home!  Top-notch service.  I'm hooked for life.
Fantastic.  Absolutely fantastic.  I recommend OHSO for anyone looking to dine at a neighborhood bar and grill. 

I was really shocked when I dined at OHSO for a Sunday brunch.  I figured the variety of beers would be the focal point of the brewery; boy, was I wrong.  This place has some of the best dishes in Scottsdale supported by a huge selection of beer.  

Let me say this with more clarity: great food differentiates this place, not the huge variety of beers.  This is a great achievement considering many breweries focus on providing rare beers with mediocre food.  

The "Burger + Cheese" is simply awesome.  
A GREAT brunch dish is the "Breakfast Burrito" as well as the "Breakfast Flatbread."
I have been here a few times too.  Mostly for happy hour.  You cant beat the 6 buck pitchers.  I just wish they would add some food items to the HH menu.  The food is good, the location is good, the atmosphere is good.  Its all good!
I've been to OHSO once before and it didn't inspire a review one way or another. This time I felt the urge.

Of the lengthy beer menu, OHSO has 3 of their own in-house brews. Two of which they were out of which is ok because the one left was an IPA. I like IPAs, this was not an IPA. It was bad. This "IPA" came in a pitcher. It reminded me of those beers that are made by another brewery but have a different label slapped on the bottle. My buddy and I couldn't finish it. It had the bottom of the keg, sat too long in the lines taste to it. Did I mention, not good? On to the next beer, a guest beer, Mother Road, it was advertised as hoppy and malty... What was I thinking? I hate mixing my malts with hops and verse vicea. Once again, it tasted like it was long in the lines. I peered over at the bar, crap, these guys have like 30 taps! I'll never get a fresh beer unless I get the same that everyone else gets. Lame. It's not a brewery but a tap house. Crap. 

After BSing about all things dude, our food comes. I ordered a cheeseburger. The meat was HOT and cooked properly but the rest was just a mess. The bun was waaaay too big for the patty, two small slices of roma tomato and a rib of romaine were dwarfed by the bready top and fat soaked bottom. The bacon must have been sliced by a Ginsu knife because you could read through it. And if I didn't see the cheese, I would not have known it was there. The fries were good; crispy and salty. I expected more from an $11 burger and fries. So after a couple trips to OHSO, I'll now be referring to it as NOTSO, as in "Did you like it?" NOTSO much.
Anyone who knows me or is a FB friend knows I love this place.  So when I order the shrimp tacos and I find the shrimp is scarcely cooked and send it back please don't come back and tell me the chef says I am wrong.  A petty battle of egos knows no place in a restaurant.  Okay, I'm finished.  See you soon.
Very good. I'd probably throw it into the category of a gastropub. Because even though they brew their own beer, there is a great selection of other local brews and some great craft beers from around the country. Add this to some great pub grub and you have what most people would like in a gastropub. 
I wasn't very impressed on my first visit back when it opened. But it's vastly improved over the months. Food quality and preparation has especially been better.
The best deal is the weekend brunch. Breakfast items are very tasty and they throw in a 10oz beer to the $10 deal. 
Open air dining is a plus.
Perfection.  Excellent beer selection with lots of AZ beers.  Great patio with a nice view of Camelback Mountain.  Straightforward food with fresh, tasty ingredients.  Brunch with a beer?  My kind of people.  Everytime I go, I like it even more.
WOW what a wonderful experience for the neighborhood feel and grrrreat food.  Met up with a friend for the first time here and it was grrrrrrrrrreat.  Justin helped us out and he was absolutely STELLAR!  He gave us some wicked reccomendations and the good stuff just kept on coming.  We had the OHSO and Beet salad coupled with the AMAZING cheese plate!  The red dragon cheese is fantastic!  Justin suggested the Nitro Milk Stout and it was super good as well.  Kind of like a big kids chocolate milk shake!  For the first time run I felt at home like I had been going there for years.  I'm going to be questing to taste all of the beers that they have to offer along with the food.  I noticed that on the menu that they lacked a lot of the fried items that you'd typically find for pub grub which is AWESOME.  As I'm already tacking on all the beer energy healtier options to stuff my face are always welcomed.  Definately will be returning again and again!
Great beer selection and excellent food!
it's a nano-brewery, but i'm not really sure what that technically means. and rarely in the food world do i get surprised. 

after a night of binge drinking on a pub ride, we made the bike ride along the canal from old town to OHSO. although it's on the list, if it's not in my daily immediate eyesight, i tend to forget. my goodness, how i wished we'd have come here earlier. 

first the ambiance...it is such a cool looking place! kind of that industrial, yet with tones of warmth stuff they always say on DIY network. our server was absolutely helpful, prompt and friendly. according to another Yelper, the patio is lovely and even dog friendly. 

their beer selection is fantastic and my pint of Firestone went down quickly. the four of us split a green chilli dip app, and we nearly tore each others fingers off cleaning the bowl out! i ordered the fish and chips and the fish was perfect! a little heavy on the breading, but the fish itself was soft and moist. the fries were thin and salty and everyone at the table helped me scarf them down. the tartar sauce was rich but not too mayo-ey. my wife got the margherita flatbread and it was absolutely delicious. our other buddy and his gal got some other flatbread (tasted like it had guacamole on it?) and the fish tacos and both of their dishes were excellent as well. 

it's a little like Papago Brewery. and i love papago! but this new find seems to have more food selection, a great patio, and the service on our visit was fast and courteous. it may just be our new sunday go-to place!
This is a cool place! It reminds me of an eatery that should be located up in Maine. Kind of a lodge feel, lots of wood, simple. 
I skipped the drinks this go 'round and went straight to stuffing my face. Our table split the green chili dip with chips and pita. It was warm, and gooey and disappeared quickly! My margarita pizza was loaded with cheesy-garlicky goodness, although could've used a few more tomatoes. I really enjoyed my husbands mahi fish and chips apparently because after taking half of one to try, I went back for the second half! Our friends ordered the fish tacos and veggie/hummus flatbread which were devoured as well. We finally split the apple pie at the end and then pulled out our pillows for naps tableside......
My only gripe was I was jonesing for water and never had my glass refilled. Otherwise our server was friendly and fairly prompt.
This has become a firm favorite - great indoor and outdoor space.  The back patio is awesome when you bring your dog.  The food never disappoints - bring your appetite  - the portions are huge !  If you like beer, you can try the samples before you get your pint.  I love the cheese plate - such a variety, and then the popcorn on the plate is a cool alternative to chips.  It is all really filling and comes out beautifully presented.  my partner likes the fish tacos they have.  We have had their salads too.  Whatever you have it is all good.  Good food, good atmosphere - what more do you want !
I didn't try the food here but the selection of beer is good. The service was a bit slow; but for the huge crowd they had the night I was there they performed about as well as they could. The bartenders were nice in both areas I sat in; both out back on the patio and also at the bar out front. It's a great place for large groups as there are plenty of sections to hang out in throughout the place.
Really cool spot.  Great beer list, and love the options to get tasters.  Flatbreads are delish.  Entrees I have had have been 50/50, but eager to try more.  Outdoor patio is fun, love that you can bring dogs... Plus they have homemade dog treats, how cool is that?! Last time we were there, valet was quite disorganized.  All over great neighborhood spot
Wow! What excellent place. Definitely get a burger and go for the white chocolate ale. Loved it!! Plus they allow you to bring your dog to the back patio. Sweet.
If you had asked me a month ago, I would have given this place 5 stars.  Sadly, after my second visit, I feel the need to write this review.

The food and beer selection at O.H.S.O. is pretty great, which is why I didn't give them 1 star.  In fact, my first time here was pretty good.  I thought this would be a go-to when I come to town, but then I had dinner there this past week, and well, I'm never going back.

Now, I admit, I'm a picky eater and I like to modify my dinner.  I live in LA, where almost every single person I know modifies in some form or fashion, and it's rare for that to be an issue.  You would think a restaurant in a city as big as Phoenix would see a lot of that, too.  However...

When it came time for me to order my meal, I started to explain that I would prefer my pizza with no cheese, and a few other items off of it.  The last time I had been there, this was not a problem at all, and that server was happy to help me.  THIS time, I unfortunately was served by Brooke, who not only didn't help me, but she served up a healthy portion of her less-than-helpful attitude.  Upon ordering, she told me "You could do that - but it's not gonna taste very good" (in a pretty b****-y tone, mind you).  That's funny - I don't remember asking her opinion of what I wanted to eat!  I've actually worked in the service industry before, and there is a way to let a customer know that a certain dish might not be as palatable that doesn't include a rude and condescending tone.  Little did she know that I had eaten the same exact dish a month prior and enjoyed it thoroughly.

In a town that has a lot of restaurants, I hope this is a lesson to treat customers like you prefer they come back again, and appreciate their business while they are there.
I stand corrected on the view of Camelback. Their back patio does a grand job showcasing that grand ungulate.
Any place that has a bar for dog water bowls has to rock!
Sorry to be so harsh but bad experience start to finish. 

We walk in on a Saturday night and it's pretty dead. They seat us (2 top) right next to the in and out of the kitchen. I look around and see plenty of open tables so I'm not sure why this was the logical place to seat us. 

I sit down and practically slide under the table because the seat is not bolted to the wood frame. So the bench cushion which is vinyl would slip .... hard to explain but it was annoying. On the first slip I put my hand on the table to catch myself only to feel something squishy under it. When I lifted my hand off the top of the table I had the last guests rice on it. Gross!

We order drinks...the same way we always do. Loud and clear 2 iced teas NO lemon. No lemon please. She said ok no problem. She comes back a bit later with 2 good sized iced teas with a beautiful slice of lemon on each. Really? That is usually my first indication of bad service. It rarely happens but if it does I know it's going to be interesting at best. 

I couldn't find anything to order (Not the menu it was me) so I ordered some sweet potato fries. My husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger. I asked if my fries could be brought out asap as I was starving (again not them me). 

My fries were brought out and they were hot...which is nice. That is where nice ended as they had a burnt taste to them. Not so good. 

My husbands burger came out and I will upload the picture. I am all for a little pink in the middle of the burger but I am not down with a light sear on the patty. I have never seen such an under cooked burger in my life. I did nibble the edge and what I got was very good but it was not safe to eat the whole thing. So we asked for our check and bolted. 

The other annoying thing is the valet parking. It is the dumbest thing I have ever seen. The parking is plenty there and you literally hand a guy a ticket to grab your car 5 - 10 feet away. I am all for job creation but this is just annoying. 

I will not be back, I'm sure they do not care lol but I would also like to say I would not recommend to anyone unless you are in the neighborhood and you are craving well thought out but poorly executed food.
One star for atmosphere and one star for beer selection.  Although they only had one beer brewed on site.  I have been there twice and decided not to return.  The first time was on a Sunday and I was excited to find another late night food option in my neighborhood.  The website had kitchen hours posted til 12am on Sunday nights.  We arrived at 11pm and were told kitchen was closed for "deep cleaning".  We returned a week or two later on a Saturday night for drinks and food.  We sat at the bar and were ignored by three bartenders standing directly in front of us.  Not even so much as eye contact for almost 3 minutes.  The bar was not busy.  I am in the industry and have no patience for lack of acknowledgement.  Step your game up!!
No Coors light here!!   Great beer and food....back patio is fun!
Love the location and two patios but last visit our server wasn't that great.  We went for the Great Pumpkin Festival which wasn't really anything at all besides a few pumpkin beers and a pumpkin pork entree.  (Two of us out of the five don't eat pork).  The appetizers we did order were alright but not impressive.  Overall this experience was a tad disappointing especially since our server wasn't very friendly nor very attentive.  I've been before and had much better service so I will be back and am sure the service will be better.
Love it! Great food, great beer, great service! Staff is so nice!
Where else can you get a small pitcher of decadent white chocolate beer on tap for $6?! 

A large group of us took over the room by the back patio to celebrate the return of a friend. It was dark in there and beautiful outside so I spent some time at the front bar chatting it up with random people. I'm glad I did that because I wouldn't have enjoyed sitting inside in that dark room on a gorgeous fall day in Arizona.

I purchased the pitcher of beer at the bar. Our waitress (tall, blonde hair) was obviously upset that I didn't order from her, but the bartender advised me to ignore her. (Good advice). I learned from friends that the waitress  had neglected to tell our group about the pitcher special. One pint of beer is $5 and the pitcher with 2.5 -3 pints is $6. That's a great deal, but $5 for a pint during happy hour- not so much. So what did people in my group do? They ordered the $5 pint not knowing about the pitcher deal until I told them. That is NOT good service on the waitress's part, but I'm rating 4 stars instead of 2 because of that delicious beer and nice bar/patio atmosphere so close to home.

*Side note* $6.50 for a small bowl of over cooked shoestring fries is about as ridiculous as a $5 pint during happy hour! Get real with your pricing O.H.S.O.!
Came in for happy hour the other night. It wasn't too busy or crowded. The service was super attentive, felt a tad rushed by the server but no biggie. The Ahi Tuna salad was GREAT and priced well. Dressing was really tasty and tuna was perfect. They had quite a few happy hour drink deals. Definitely recommend!
$10 for a mimosa and brunch. Breakfast sandwich: bacon cooked perfectly crispy, the blend of guacamole and applewood smoked bacon is a true pleasure. The perfect breakfast treat!  The steak and eggs was a larger portion than expected and the chimichurri sauce was the perfect accompaniment. I'm surprised it was not more busy! They have a dog friendly back patio. Honestly, how amazing is that? The service was attentive and the options of beers is impressive. You must try as many as you can before you commit to one. 

It's a must try. If I lived in town if be here every Sunday.
Because I'm really just a (slightly) overgrown 10 year old girl when it comes to food, I am always craving a grilled cheese. I remembered reading an article on Chow Bella about places that rock at grilled cheese sandwiches and OHSO was on that list. So last week whilst seeking a grilled cheese and not wanting to surrender to Sonic or 5 & Diner at such a late hour, OHSO popped into mind.

I, indeed, ordered the grilled cheese and truthfully it was good but nothing special (keep in mind I am vegetarian so I ordered it without the bacon that normally comes on it). However, the side salad I ordered was DIVINE. For a such a small salad I was not expecting such a variety of flavor but it was peppery, sweet, tangy... complex. Very, very good. I only had one drink (framboise) but their beer selection was quite good. I noticed they carry Sonoran Brewery's White Chocolate ale which is my all-time favorite. (Sidenote: mix the framboise & the white chocolate ale for ultimate decadence)

The atmosphere is surprisingly cozy - like a little hip cabin with bicycle parts on the walls instead of taxidermy and country lyrics on plaques. I can't quite remember why I avoided trying OHSO for so long but boy have I been missing out all this time. I will definitely be back.
Great for a night out! We had an awesome time with the extensive beer and cocktails selection. Their happy hour prices are spectacular- a pitcher of beer ended up being just a dollar or two more than a glass. Our group of 12 or so had awesome service outside on the front patio. Everything we ordered food-wise was great too- artichoke dip, green chile dip, sandwiches, etc.

My only real quibble here is with the parking. One, the lot is tiny compared to the number of people the place can hold, and parking is very tight. Secondly, there is optional valet parking, which is apparently free but that fact isn't well marked anywhere that we saw. The stop and go of the valet parking tends to get in the way of the non-valet parking and overall it seems like there is no real benefit to having the valet.
I had heard so many great things about this place and I'm glad I finally went! The atmosphere is kickback and fabulous. My girlfriend and I hung at the bar and our bartender ROCKED. I tend to be very picky when trying new beer and he was very patient in giving me samples and educating me on all the beers. We didn't eat so I cannot comment on the food, but I will be back and I'm doubting I will be disappointed! (: Looking forward to taking my beau along for the next visit!
Just like Papago Brew, but with better beer, better food and WAY BETTER service.

Seriously, these guys know whats up.  Great happy hour on the local AZ beers at $6 for a pitcher (just over 2 beers).  They have an excellent selection and variety *gasp of beer on draft, but have the tendency to run out of beers rapidly.  I would consider this to be a good thing because they will always be getting a new, fresh keg of something delicious.

Food is excellent and there is a variety of meat and veg dishes from which to choose.  Most importantly, you order and they bring it promptly.  

5 stars because they have an awesome sour beer on draft...Petrus aged Pale.  If you go to OHSO, do yourself a favor and give it a try.
I'm really torn on writing this review, I wish there was an option to review it as a bar versus a restaurant. I frequently come here and wish I could give it a higher rating, but their food just doesn't stand up. 
5 Stars - If you're coming here just to drink/go to a bar
The pros:
- Dog friendly: You can bring your dog to the patio at night, they have carabiners to hook up leashes, water bowls, and complimentary dog treats
- Awesome beer list: It's really extensive with lots of good choices
- Happy hour is a great deal: $6 pitchers
- 10$ beer brunch (breakfast pizza is your best bet)
- The ambiance/atmosphere is really great
- Bicycle friendly: you can bike down the canal to get here

2 Stars - If you're coming here to eat
The cons:
- The food is really hit or miss, you have to really know what to order and the better dishes are still just average.
- The small plates are not a good value, very little food for the $
- Burger is okay, would be great if they served it on a better bun
- Service is very hit or miss too, mostly miss

All together their food is a fail. This place would be 5 stars if they revamped their menu. The majority of the dishes I've eaten have been mediocre (I've tried several things on the menu). I wish they would change their food quality (e.g. take some notes from Four Peaks) and then it would be perfect.
How have I not written a review for these guys yet??  I've been here mannny times and have not had a bad experience. The food is good and the beer selection is plentiful. I've had brunch a few times - all good. Brunch items are $10 and come with a mimosa or local beer, which is the best way cure what ails you!  They also do a Sunday BBQ from 3-7 every week and that is delicious! Its $15 and you get 3 meats (mix and match, chicken quarter, pork ribs and brisket), coleslaw, potato salad and 2 pcs cornbread. Its awesome!  OHSO's late night menu is pretty good too with simple bar foods that satisfy those drunk hunger cravings.  Oh, and my review wouldn't be complete if I didn't mention that their bloody mary is one of my faves.  Can you guys please offer that with your brunch??  Brunch n bloody? I'll pay a couple bucks upcharge... Please?
I've been to OHSO for brunch, lunch, and late night nibbles over the course of probably a dozen or so visits. I think they deserve a solid five stars. To be completely honest I am not a huge beer connoisseur, I just really like the atmosphere, the food, and the sprawling back patio.

My co-workers and I used to visit OHSO on Sundays for their $10 "Beer Brunch" which includes your choice of 10 oz. beer or large mimosa, plus a selection of ten food options under $10. My favorite items are the green chile pork carnitas (comes served with eggs) and the breakfast flatbread.

As far as appetizers go, I would recommend the spinach artichoke + crab dip or the green chile dip, although last time I had the green chile dip it could have used a tad more salt and spice. 

Note-worthy sandwiches include the chicken pesto sammie and the green chile pulled pork (are you seeing a trend here - try the green chile anything, you won't regret it!) 

OHSO has a pretty fabulous happy hour that runs Monday through Friday from 11am - 6pm where all wines and pitchers of beer are $6.
A friend and I decided to walk down here Sunday afternoon with her dogs to have a drink on their patio and I couldn't be happier with that decision.  We really lucked out on the all you can eat BBQ (which included Ribs, pulled pork and Chicken)  While it was all enjoyable - the chicken was by far my favorite part of the meal.  As always, beer list is incredible and at $9 / pitcher, leaves you without much to complain about.  I recommend this place and will be back on a Sunday sometime soon.
I love looking at the beer selection here honestly.  Food on the other hand was not all too impressive.  For the prices I expected more than mediocre and I definitely did not get that here. Such a disappointing first time b/c it really clouds my boyfriend, his friend and my judgement as far as wanting to return.
Went here when it first opened and wasn't a fan. Decided to try it again over the weekend and I'm soo happy I did. The food was great and I didn't realize last time that they have an awesome back patio. Can't wait to go back.
I have eaten at OSHO since it first opened. My girlfriend and her adorable children love the food and my gf the beer. I am not much of drinker but do like to partake in the sweet nectar of an occasional malty beer. My review is not really based on the libations but more so on the food. The food really varies in terms of its quality on a continuous basis. The menu really never has changed and especially the side dishes. I am waiting for the day when the sides change from the current five or six choice. I am a vegan and I always get the vegan burger. I wish there were more choices for vegans but as like most eateries in this meat loving town there are not. If I was a beer lover I would give OSHO five stars but I am not so I can only rate the food. After being open more than a year I would love to see the food upgraded, be more consistent and vary with new menu choices.
I am sorry to say that OHSO was only so-so.

We came here because it had great reviews and we wanted to check it out.  I am definitely impressed with the selection of beers, especially because I am a big craft brew person.  They also sell and refill growlers which is nice.

The staff was very friendly and I like that they have a dog-friendly patio (always a plus).  The food was a disappointment though.  I had the brisket sandwich with tomato soup and my girlfriend had the prosciutto flat-bread pizza.  Now, I have had some good brisket in my day so I was excited for a good sandwich.  I was surprised to see that it was pulled/shredded and drowned in sauce.  The sauce wasn't bad but I could not taste the meat itself.  Not sure if they were trying to cover something up or what but less is more when it comes to sauce.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.  The tomato soup was okay, but tasted a little thin like something was missing.  

The pizza had good points and bad points.  The flavor profile was pretty decent, but I am not sure I would call the meat on the pizza prosciutto.  If it was, it is not anything like I have tasted before (my girlfriend and I are big fans of good prosciutto).  This was but very thick and tasted like a better version of Canadian bacon.  Overall, not bad but not amazing either.

Our waiter was great and made some good suggestions for beer based on what I was looking for.

So now for the big question...will we be back?  Yes, but only to grab drinks before heading elsewhere or if we have our dogs and want to chill for a couple brews.  Other than that, I don't know if I will order anything to eat unless I know that they have improved the menu.
OHSO is a great neighborhood bar and eatery.  I'm not even really sure why they have a full bar, because anyone who likes beer can always find some awesome craft beers on tap here.  The beer brunch is a great deal; $10 gets you a filling meal and a 10 oz AZ craft beer.  Their green chili dip and hummus are great appetizers - both come with yucca chips and those are amazeballs!  The grilled cheese and hot pastrami are my two favorite meals there.  The Sunday BBQ on the patio is a crazy amount of great BBQ food.  It's endless, but I have no idea who can get a second helping.  I still have yet to try their late night menu or bloody marys, both of which look promising.  The service is hit or miss...everyone is always very nice, just not always prompt.  Which is ok, because usually when we go it's to hang out for a while and try a few new beers on tap in addition to a meal.  Their patio is great, and is dog friendly which is always a good thing.  They have homemade doggie treats also, which are a big hit with the pups.  Thanks for being a great local spot!!
O.M.G this place is good!! My husband and I stopped by for his birthday and the place was packed! (Granted, it was a Friday night and we did drop in at the tail end of happy hour.) Parking was a problem so use valet.

We were told it would be a 45 minute wait so we wandered into the bar area to find a seat.  We finagled two stools outside and enjoyed the spinach, crab, and artichoke dip.  Yummy!!!!  Our waiter recommended the orange vanilla beer and my husband had a Heffeweisen (spelling?).  Both were good.  Mine was very mellow and smooth. Good for people who don't really like beer.  Like me.  We ordered the smaller sizes and got two regular size pub glasses. (I think they were 18-24 ounces - not sure what the larger size would have looked like!)  By the time we finished our app the hostess popped over to tell us our table was ready.  (What 45 minute wait?  Secretly I think she only said that to discourage the group of 6 punk college kids that walked in ahead of us.) 

As for the service, I don't know what everyone else is talking about but our waiter was great!  As soon as we sat down he asked if we wanted waters - which I did - and brought them immediately.  They use a thin cucumber instead of lemons which I thought was awesome...but I'd already drank half a beer with little to eat so everything is awesome at that point. :) 

My husband ordered the barbecue burger which his boss had recommended.  I got the veggie burger after asking what the OHSO sauce was. It is Bloody Mary mayo.  Yes, you read that right.  Bloody. Mary. Mayo. I had to order it. I got fries on the side because I cannot resist potatoes in any form.  

The food came out after a decent interval and my husband and I didn't speak for 10 minutes because we were busy stuffing our pie holes. (Bloody Mary mayo tastes like manna from heaven by the way.)  Between the beer and the appetizer I couldn't finish my food but I wasn't going to let all that flavor go to waste so I got to go box.  (30 seconds in the micro and it is just as tasty for a snack.)

The bill came to about $47 before tip which is to be expected after drinks and an appetizer.  Not too bad considering the damage we've done at other celebration dinners. ;) 

I didn't give 5 stars because the parking could be better.  But we will DEFINITELY be back!  (There are like 20+ beers to try after all.)

P.S. we were told that the patio is dog friendly and they have a weekly contest. If you take a picture of your dog with one of their glasses or a growler you are entered to win a $25 gift card.  A winner is drawn every week.
I really like OHSO.  It was fairly crowded when we arrived on a Saturday night and were told it would be a 45 minute wait.  We headed to the bar to order some beer, then stood out on the patio since it was so crowded inside (it was raining, but we are Northwest people, it didn't bother us!).  Just a few minutes after ordering our beer, the hostess found us and brought us to our table!  We were seated much sooner than we expected, which was awesome. 

The food turned out to be pretty good.  We ordered the calamari, spinach crab dip, steak and fries, and two flat bread pizzas (yes, we were hungry).  The only thing we weren't big fans of was the Spanish chorizo and potato flatbread pizza.  But we all agreed that the veggie flatbread pizza was delicious.  There was a huge selection of beer from many different breweries - I was surprised that only two of the beers were made by OHSO - but I guess that is why they call it a nano brewery.

I like the ambiance here.  The music is good, and it is just a casual, laid back place to visit with friends while enjoying some good beer and food.  If I wasn't stuck so deep in the suburbs, I would probably come here more often!
Came here for lunch with a friend after driving past it so many times.  But it was a beautiful day and they have an area that is wide open to the outdoors.  

I ordered the bbq burger.  It was pretty good.  I can't complain.  The service way fine as well.
Beer was okay.... Couldn't find anything on the menu that wasn't fried or full of bread.  My friend ordered a pizza and it came out wrong three times.
The place is really nice. Great patio, nice lay out, good service.

The beer selection is also good but the food is barely OK.

The fries with steak have no personality and the serving is bigger than I would like it (at least fries wise, not that much steak, though).

I had the pulled pork sandwich and the meat was excessive, the flavor just OK and too much cheese.

Great place to hang out but don't expect anything from the kitchen. Stay with beers and comfort food and you'll do great.

Prices are fair. 

Cheers.
Beer with brunch?  Yes, Beer Brunch on the weekends at O.H.S.O.! I've been here a few times this past year.  A few weeks ago, I decided to go and try their Beer Brunch, only $10 with a beer.  Yes, beer before noon but hey it is a BEER Brunch.  Nobody will judge you there!

The beer biscuits and gravy was awesome! Huge pieces of sausage in the gravy.  The biscuits were moist and buttery.  The gravy had a kick to it for sure but went really well with the beer.  I had ordered the Raspberry Wheat to go with the dish.  Loved it!

The dish came with two pieces of crispy bacon and a bowl of fruit.  I ordered coffee as well.  And the refills kept coming for the coffee.  Service was good..friendly and always coming by asking you were ok and needed anything else. 

For only $10 it's a great place for a weekend brunch with friends or by yourself!
Yay! I'm a fan is right! Any place that serves a Mimosa that big is doing things right in my book. 

I met my bestie there for brunch this past Sunday, it's a bit of a drive from my place but I have been wanting to check them out for some time now so I made the trek. Worth it it was! The valet is a bit busy but its complimentary so oh well.  Those boys hustled as fast as they could. 

The place smelled amazing, at one point I smelled waffles, then cookies, then BBQ, I was starving! I found my way through the restaurant to the back patio where she had already posted up at the bar. Great little patio! A couple TVs so you can catch the score of a game that might be on, at the moment they had bowling on, weird but ok, good thing we didn't care about what was on TV. The patio is super dog friend, which we love, both being dog owners. Puppies and cutie pies all over! 

They have this awesome brunch deal where you get your food and choice of beer or GIANT mimosa for $10, yes please! She got the Flatbread and I got the Pork thing, both yummy! 

It was probably the best weather out I have seen in a long time so we had a very nice time. A must try in my book! I am thinking about bringing the fiance here, maybe ride our bikes down the canal, which runs right along the back patio.
I thought this place was too good to be true for a while. Cheap drinks, good food, great service...O.H.S.O. is the total package. They have an amazing selection of beer and a great happy hour ($6 for a pitcher?!) We love their dog-friendly patio, especially during the winter/spring months in AZ. Brunch on the weekends is also fantastic. $10 for your meal and a monster mimosa. LOVE this place!
OHHHHH SOOOO Eatery!
I'd be so hungry if I left you now
Cause I don't know where to look for Brews
I just don't know how!

OHHHHH SOOOO Eatery!
How I depend on you
To give me Brews when I need it
right on time for Happy Hour!
(Lyrics - The Chi-Lites - Oh Girl)

OH! SO good and worth your time.

At first glance I didn't know what this place was.  I made my stop across the street at JT's.

Finally, I'm glad a made a stop here.  Felt like walking into a neighborhood bar that was full of . . . well . .  my neighbors!  They have a pretty awesome back patio, but that's not to say that the front is lacking.  Dogs are welcomed up front to hang with patrons. The place itself seemed pretty retro and had that summer camp feel.

They have a huge selection of micro brews and what totally weirded me out was how the bartender remembers which brew was in which tap, since there were no signs or logos attached.  Just plain taps!  Kudos to the person that has to remember all of it!  

I ordered a burger with cheese and a side of fries.  My friends ordered the antipasto platter which came with Elk meat -- cool!  

My burger was totally awesome with the bacon and cheese.  The patty was nice and juicy while the cheese just oozed over it nicely.  The bun was nice and soft and don't forget to order some nice and crispy fries on the side.  Overall and the bread they used was definitely larger and doughy compared to what I was used to.

The antipasto platter was great and came with honey mustard and some sort of salsa like sauce.  The meats and pickled veggies was what made it delicious!  Never had elk but wasn't bad at all.  The pickled veggies were pungent and hit up my sinuses where it need to.  Overall, good start and good experience - Enjoy!
The first time I went I wasn't impressed but I've been back multiple times now and it's become one of my favorites in Arcadia.

The Sunday brunch is one of the best deals around - $10 for a meal and either a beer or a mimosa.  The meals are all quite good and the mimosas are strong.  Above average bloodys as well, two great porches (front and back) that are a little too comfortable.  Also dog friendly so if you have a social pooch be sure to take him/her with.

And, of course, the beer selection is top notch, though twice now I've settled on a favorite only to find them replace it in their cycle.  The price of keeping things fresh.  :)
I liked it. The beer was good, the hummus was excellent, and they even offered a free treat for my dog (made from spent grain from brewing). That said, I think it could easily have been a better value, and I wish that they offered better vegetarian/vegan selections -- I was meeting with a friend who is vegan. This place was great at offering a trendy pub ambience, but I will have to check back in another few months to see how they're doing on everything else.
As you may have read the "tip", you already know our experience was one of the saddest we have had since moving to the valley. So much so, that I created this yelp account just to express how terrible it was. 

Is the food good?? Don't know. It never arrived after waiting 30 minutes for a burrito. Is the beer (hefe) good? No. At least the first 10oz weren't.
Never had waiter come back to try anything else. 

Poor service reflects poor management("louie" sp?), very pricey and in no way a brewery in my eyes. Steer clear and try Sun Up brewery instead! Waaay better beer, food, and outstanding service! Might give osho another shot someday when I'm not hungry or thirsty or have something to do or awake. Hope this helps fellow yelpers! 

Oh ya and if you're a blonde stripper/escort driving a fancy Mercedes you'll get valet to park it right at the door, priority order service, and skip the valet wait line at pick up! Now that's a classy joint!

UPDATE...... Contacted by actual manager ,the day after posting, seeking resolution. That's a big deal in my book! Looking forward to returning and giving OHSO another try.

Stay tuned for the next update..
I wasn't crazy about this place the first time I went but after subsequent visits it has grown on me majorly. And for two reasons : the patio! And the amazing beer selection. 

I love that they give 3oz beer samples for $1. I tried several and they were all delicious. Add in the fact that the patio is VERY dog friendly- and frequently has good looking men at happy hour and you have one happy girl. My dog gets attention and I get buzzed and happy in the sun. Win win.

The food is very very average, I suggest sticking with a few filling microbrews.
This place is awesome.  The patios (one in the front and a much larger one in the back) are great.  You can even bring your dog(s) to hang out!  The service is great.  The Happy Hour is amazing: $6 for a pitcher of delicious beer...yes please.  The food is incredible, especially the burgers.  Perfect for right after work.
Okay, it has taken me a long time to write this review because I am feeling very guilty.  

When I walked out of O.H.S.O. a bald guy by the door on a computer asked us how our meal was, truly showing how much he cared about the bar.  I lied.  I told him it was great and I walked out.  I feel SO GUILTY. I wish I had said something to him. 

So, here it is...

A letter to the management:

We came to O.H.S.O. based on friend's recommendations and reviews I kept seeing in Phoenix magazine. I really wanted to LOVE this place. We even came for our 4th anniversary!!!!  I, unfortunately, do not think we will be back.

We ordered the Prosciutto flatbread and the Brisket Burger along with 2 beers, and 3 tester beers throughout the meal (Sonoran white chocolate, luge be chocolate milk, ohso orange nitro, double jack, hop box imperial ipa).  Sonoran and Nitro were good, the Chocolate milk was meh and the Jack and Imperial were yummy (says the boyfriend).

The Prosciutto flatbread sounded amazing.  Prosciutto, broccolini, garlic pomodoro, you can't go wrong!!! It did.  The flatbread came out as my meal and it looked like a meal for a lumberjack.  It was packed with a chunky meat and was impossible to look hot eating this thing, during our anniversary dinner.  Of course I expected shaved prosciutto, like probably 99% of the customers expect.  I saw this thick cut sliced prosciutto that looked like and tasted like canadian bacon.  I get that O.H.S.O. wanted to go different; this was different, but not better.  It would be great if it was regular thinly sliced prosciutto, so you could savor ALL the flavors at once instead of feeling like your eating meat and bread.  This was clearly a dish that was made by men in a kitchen. Extra meat does not always mean better, and making it so hefty negates a huge number of women from wanting to order it.  If the food is too cumbersome, I don't want to eat it.  Especially on my anniversary.

Next the Brisket burger... ::sigh:: It was just a disappointment.  We knew it was stupid to order brisket after we had the best brisket ever in New Orleans for the holidays.  But my boyfriend was craving it so he ordered it.  Again, someone that owns the place, or someone in the kitchen decided that regular brisket was not good enough.  So pulled brisket was apparently the way to go.  No dude. Brisket means sliced with that pink smoke ring.  Pulled brisket shows people that the kitchen doesn't know that or does not have the smoke ring and wants to rip the meat apart so you don't see it.  Plus, it was bathing, NAY soaking in the tub of sauce which just intensifies the idea that there is no confidence in the meat or the smoking of the meat, so why not mask it in sauce.  That was almost like when your mom would make a meal as a kid, and she'd mess up and it would be bad, so she'd just whip out the ketchup and squirt it on.  I had previously repressed that memory of my mother, until O.H.S.O.  Once again, another man meal.  Way too heavy, and not much care taken to prep.  

I feel bad, because someone put amazing flavors together in their head.  But not being confident in the flavors allowed someone to try to tweak something in each plate that was supposed to be awesome and just makes the whole meal fail.  Go back to basics and then test stuff one at a time.  I would NEVER go back for the food, ever, even though the menu looks amazing.

Bring a trained chef or a woman in to show you what's up, and show you that each food item is WAYYY too heavy. I even watched a salad go by that would dwarf Elaine's "Big Salad", it was a beast.  It's not even like we're pansy eaters too. We're both 6 foot+ and can put away footlong subs in one sitting. But when going to O.H.S.O. I don't want to feel like I just put away a footlong sub. Plus, food that heavy decreases beer sales because people get too full too quickly. 

I really am rooting for this place and I want it to succeed.  But some menu revamping needs to happen. 52% of the population is women and the food is way too heavy for us.  

Great look, great interior, great decor on the walls, I love seeing the tanks and people making beer to the side.  If I opened my own bar I would have done the SAME THING, same look, same feel. Except the menu.  I will come back if the menu is revamped.  Otherwise, we'll save the trek from Laveen.
Just have to add a couple things....

1. I heard they are going to start letting people come in and brew their own beer?!? Where do I sign up I say!?!?! Sounds awesome! Anything we want, we get to name it and everything. I can't wait. 

2. The Sunday BBQ Special, redick! Some friends got it the other day and raved about it. Looked amazing too. And at $15 and all you can eat, no brainer! "The best BBQ I have ever had!" He said
Being from Seattle, we love to go to brewerys and try local beers. The food was good as was the service. Definitely worth trying.
OHSO is another of our favorites. I love that we can walk or ride to them in about 10 minutes. We came last year for the first time and loved it and go back quite often and every time it gets better and better - whether it be the food or the decor.

We went for the brunch for the first time the other day and WOW. Best bloody mary I have ever had. How can you go wrong with a giant piece of beef jerky to mix it with! The monster mimosa's are just that, monster and delicious.

The biscuits and gravy are the best I have had since I moved to AZ. I tried everyone elses food and it was awesome as well but they were all into my biscuits. 

My favorite dinner dish is the gnocchi but literally everything on the menu is awesome. We will keep coming to this place as long as its open and it seems they have no desire to slow down.
O.H.S.O. is one of the many declining restaurants that is propped up by good food and a wide selection of beers and being dragged down by poor service. 

I once went there for breakfast and had a waiter that was really spacey and inattentive. He had to be reminded of orders and things he forgot more than once. When I pointed out that fruit on my plate was moldy he took the single moldy piece of fruit off the plate ant set it back on my table reminding me that sometimes these things happen. Really? I've never been served moldy food before. That is disgusting and the completely wrong attitude. 

I took that experience as a red flag, but didn't think it was damning. Yet another visit clued me in that my money is better spent elsewhere.

I went one night and sat in the bar one weeknight after the dinning room had closed. Just after I ordered food and drinks and group of people went from the bar to the patio to smoke. The patio opening is as wide as the patio so the smoke naturally blows into the bar. I mention the smoke to the bartender who brought our drinks and before I finished speaking she cut me off and said, "because you're sensitive?" in a completely inappropriate tone. I should have just left then and there. There is no excuse to be that rude to a guest. 

Our food comes and it's less than impressive. The fries in my order were recooked. When the waiter cleared our table he dropped the two uneaten cups of mustard that come with the pretzels on the floor. He was upset because he got mustard on his pants. He wasn't that upset that he'd gotten it on the floor which explains why he left it there. When I left the table I slipped and nearly fell from it. What kind of jackass just dumps something you could slip on in front of your table? 

I tried calling the restaurant to voice my discontent and no one would ever pick up the phone. I sent a message through a forum on their website. The response I got back was defensive and told me I should have talked to a manager that night. So should I have talked to the rude bartender or the guy to busy to clean up the mustard from the floor?!?! The message might as well have just been a suggestion of other restaurants to visit instead.
A friend recommended I try OSHO while I was in the Phoenix area and that the burgers were really good. Always can go for a good burger, know a lot of great burger places in the Dallas area but having been away from Phoenix for more than 20 years, I really didn't know where to go here until my friend suggested OHSO. 

I don't drink so I can't comment on the quality of the beer first hand but my son was happy with his choice. 

I got the Arizona Burger, ordered it "pink", the other choice is "not pink" but that's just not right (by that I mean, who wants a burger cooked all the way through? Kills the flavor!)! As busy as they were, I was pretty surprised it only took us about 10 minutes to get our food. I ordered it with the onion strings on the side but didn't get them at all. Either the waiter couldn't hear me too well because it is pretty loud when they are busy (and they were packed on a Friday night) or the kitchen forget them. No biggie. Fries were pretty good but more warm than hot. Glad they came with the burger because ala carte they are pretty pricey for french fries. 

The only real negative is the parking. The lot isn't very big and the dry cleaners next door has "no parking' signs threatening towing all over the place. I can understand that if they are open but when we were there it was closed. Not sure if they tow cars after the dry cleaners is closed but I wasn't taking any chances and was glad I snagged the last spot. When we came out, the spots at the dry cleaners were full. Plus there was a huge line at the door. 

Definitely will be back next time I'm in town.
What's the deal, OHSO? 

We visited OHSO yesterday, Easter Sunday. Our friends arrived prior to us and picked a spot inside. Our friends sat for about 10 minutes with only water on the table. My husband and I sat for another 10 minutes. There was aabsolutely no indication that we had a server and no acknowledgment of our presence.  

Finally, "Adam" presented himself and added "Oh sorry about the wait." We asked to move to a table outside on the patio and ordered several pitchers of beer. It was another 15 minutes before our pitchers arrived and before Adam took our order. Our 2 friends ordered their entrees, my husband and I ordered our starter. 2 other friends joined us 10 minutes later and ordered their starter and my husband and I ordered our entree.

Tic toc, tic toc!

15 minutes passes and our friends, the last in our party to arrive received their food before any of the rest of us. They finished their starter before anyone else received food. It was literally 1 hour from the time we arrived before we got to eat.

The restaurant was moderately busy, but not the type of busy that would excuse such slow service. Pull yourself together, OHSO! Adam was nice,but low energy and unconcerned about our wait. The food was good, but there's no excuse for this nonsense. If I hadn't been in such good company this long wait would have ticked me off! 

Please make dining out a pleasant experience for your customers, not a game of watch the clock!!! Each in our party left a 15% or greater tip not because it was earned, but because we're decent folk.

Pull it together!
My review is limited based on happy hour and general layout of the place.  I did not get a chance to check out food.  Overall, kind of a neat, casual, funky layout.  Nice indoor bar area, and really cool outdoor patio.  And of course it was very crowded on the patio.

Parking in a pain, go with valet, you really have no choice.  But it is free and fast.

Wish they had more of their own beers, but I did try their IPA and it was good.  Overall, I liked the place, and will go back for food/dinner in the near future.
OHSO has a great beer selection with not only there own brews but other brews throughout Arizona they also have a full bar if craft beer isn't your thing. I didn't get to try any of there food but it all sounded pretty good and looked good from what i could see. I will be coming back next time I am in the area.
This is one of my favorite hangouts. Some of the most inventive micro brews and great atmosphere for hanging out on the patio. My wife and I have been going to O.H.S.O. for a while and always get great service and great beer. So many places today want the image of promoting local brewing but not backing it up with their selection. O.H.S.O. is not in that category, they don't even carry any of the big three; miller, coors, or bud. Way to go O.H.S.O. I will defiantly be coming back!
Our second experience at OHSO was much different than the first. After our last visit the owner, Jon was kind enough to reach out to us, invite us back and try to better the situation. His invitation coincidentally fell on the same night a friend was hosting a mixer  for an amazing charitable organization, "Long Way Home." OHSO allowed our group to sit in the cozy room off the front patio and even donated a portion of the proceeds from each bill to the cause!

When we arrived the place was packed. There was another event going on simultaneously on the back patio. The restaurant offered complimentary valet parking. I wanted to spare myself the embarrassment of having the staff sit in my filthy car so we parked across the street. :) 

Our group staggered in throughout the night and by the end we had upwards of 25 in our room. Our table ordered the veggie flat bread, the brisket sandwich, the spinach crab dip, fish tacos and a few pitchers of beer. The food was fresh, and filling, yummy and came out quickly especially considering how  busy they were. Everyone in our party received their food and drinks efficiently and seemed to be having a wonderful time. Our server Janell was attentive and accommodating to our entire group. 

The owner Jon was in house and came by to check on our group and make sure all was going as planned. Thanks Jon, manager Stuart and the rest of the OHSO team for taking good care of us. It's great to see a small business owner so caring and conscientious of his customer's needs. 

On our way out, we picked up a few FREE peanut butter doggie cookies at the host station. OHSO is dog friendly, I'd love to bring our dogs for a visit, but they're a bit too nuts for the laid back environment.

Thanks again OHSO for a lovely evening. My BFF lives down the street so we will be back.
I feel the need to be very responsible in writing an extremely honest and objective review (as much as you can be in a subjective field) since my server and I got into a discussion about how people use Yelp as a soapbox and not as a way to help other customers make informed decision. I'm rooting for you guys.

Step 1: if you are currently at a restaurant and you are disliking your experience, don't tell the server that everything is great when he/she comes by to check on you. If you are going to bitch to the internet, have the consideration to tell them face to face.

Alright, now that the rant is done, I can tell you all about OHSO. I came in on a Tuesday night with my desperate-to-hunt-for-chicks roommate. It was decently nice out so we sat at the very large patio bar which has overhead heaters and large screen TVs. Its actually really nice, the patio area is huge, has tons of bench/picnic tables, a large bar and most importantly, ITS DOG FRIENDLY! yay!

Since we were feelin' fancy, we ordered their specialty cocktails. The Mule I ordered was done with their own creation of ginger beer and it was incredibly refreshing, packed with flavor and just super yummy. My roommie's old fashion was extremely strong but well executed. 

In terms of food, I was desperately seeking a healthy option even tho all the flatbreads and sammys were making my mouth water. I got the OHSO salad with steak, lettuce, tomato, green onion, sweet peppers, grapes, cheese and guacamole. I know, an incredibly weird mix on paper. When eaten all together (with the citrus vinaigrette), the flavors were great and the amount of steak was ridiculously big- i definitely felt like I was getting a bang for my buck.The grapes with cheese and steak were tasty but the whole guacamole at the bottom was kinda unnecessary. Not gross, just... strange. My friend got the OHSO burger with bacon and cheese. The bread was super soft and fresh and the meat and bacon were cooked just fine. My only issue with it is that the cheese resembled (both in taste and look) like a Kraft singles square (bleehhh) and the fries were super thin and a little over salted. 

Our server was super cool and we had an overall great experience there. It seems like a cool place to just hang out and have drinks, but luckily their menu is robust and tasty enough that staying for lunch/dinner/apps seems like a great time too. weee!
First let me say that I have been to OHSO several times and genuinely enjoy this place. As of late I am not overly impressed with some places in the neighborhood. They seem too uppity and lose their appeal after the first beer. The first thing that hits me is the valet at the front door. The parking lot is congested and very limited in parking already. Now you get to throw in taking away spots to a "complimentary valet" that is worthless. They park your car 30 yards from the front door when you could open up more parking for regular customers. I wasn't even going to use the valet and found them inappropriate, rude, and almost killed my experience before entering the place. Our bartender comped our food after hearing our complaint which was nice but no one should have to apologize for a crappy service that can easily be taken away...I thank you for seeing the problem and addressing your customers.

For the bar itself, the beer is always good and the food is pretty good. The location is  awesome and I will probably come again but I will take a look around and see what can accommodate a more laid back group.
M and I came here for a Sunday brunch to get caught up with the latest and greatest.  We opted to sit in the patio.  It was a nice and warm day.  The patio is doggy friendly!!!   That is cool.  I would love to bring my dogs, but I think I will eat the other (small) dogs for brunch.  =)  

They have a great brunch menu but I opted for the Grilled Chicken Pie flatbread (it was calling my name) and a side of french fries.  M ordered the biscuits & beer gravy for $10 includes your choice of a 10oz AZ beer.  The flatbread was so good.  Flavorful, light thin bread, and baked to perfection.  M's biscuits and beer gravy was very good too.

Why 4 stars?  The service was good but slow.
On a warm Saturday afternoon, I was shocked to discover the popularity of OHSO.  The back patio was slammed with customers day drinking at 2pm.  A very good sign for any bar.  The reason this microbrewery may be popular is probably because OHSO serves great beer.  I'm not just talking about what they brew on site, but there's a massive selection of craft beers from other microbreweries in Arizona and from around the world.  If you're looking for Bud Light, do yourself a favor and go to any other bar in the country.  If you're looking for something other than beer, there is a decent selection of mixed drinks. 

Having never been to OHSO, I decided I should have one of their own and the Citrus Nitro caught my attention after the server called it a "creamsicle."  What a perfect description of what the beer tastes like.  Would you believe a beer flavored like a creamsicle is delicious?  It is.  I also tried the White Chocolate Ale from the Sonoran Brewing Company in Scottsdale.  Also delicious.

Service was great.  I was with a group of about 15 to 20 people, and the waitress had no problem keeping our tabs straight.  There were also tray filled with water glasses constantly delivered to the table without request.  Something desperately needed on a 90 degree day.  The server also was really knowledgeable about the beers on the menu.
I'd say  3.5 stars if I could.

Really cool atmosphere. We chose OHSO as our happy hour destination due to it being dog friendly; they were. They have a "barking bar" where you can fill up a plastic container of water for your dog, and bags of dog biscuits. The servers even seemed used to doling out food with a dog laying between their feet.

They did have a really good beer list. They were out of the White Chocolate Ale, which was what I'd been looking forward to, so I settled for an Arizona Peach instead. That was pretty depressing to me though, being out of a beer. - 1/2 star.
The service was very hit-or-miss. The servers were a little standoffish until later, when ours seemed to have a change of heart and came over to say hi to my dog. It did take a little bit for things to come out. The bus boy never brought the box I requested either :/  -1/2 star again. 

We came to drink, but also had the spinach artichoke dip with crab; it was good, bit spicy on some bites with onion, but the crab was a nice topping choice. I wish there had been more pita bread, but I doubt it would have showed up had I asked for it.

I know this isn't OHSO's fault either, but it was incredibly strange that there were so many kids there. It's happy hour... at a nanobrewery.... and I'm having to watch my pirate language because of the 8 year olds wearing Catholic school girl uniforms sitting one stool over. Awkward. 


Edit: I forgot to mention, the valet parking bit. There's maybe 15 spots that belong to OHSO. Otherwise, it's a mandatory valet parking job. This is just weird... I now feel obligated to tip someone to drive my car 10 feet away to a spot. The person who said "job creation" in a previous review was totally right. 

- 1/2 star for the atmosphere being... jarred and the valet parking weirdness.
I've been here twice and not impressed - seems highly overrated. The view is nice from the patio and it is right next to the canal - also the barking bar is cute. I would go back after biking along the canal for a quick beer but that's about it.
Been here several times, always have a great time.
Great food, Great Service, and of course Great local beer selection.

While is does get noisy from time to time, I still find it a great place to take a date.

Introduced many people into the world of beer here, and plan to continue!
The good:  Love the beer selection, the ambiance and patios, a good selection of food.  Peach ale, raspberry wheat beer, moscow mules...  yucca chips, the hamburgers- all delicious!   Should be 4.5 stars on this alone.  But....

The not so good:   PLEASE OHSO -- Send your servers to bootcamp/training!   For a restaurant this busy and these prices, the service should be much better than it is. 

My experience:  Asking 6 times for a glass of water is annoying.  Finally getting up and walking to the bar to get it myself = Might not come back.    Later that day:  I was with two friends who were drinking the small pitcher of Raspberry Wheat beer, but I was having a glass of Peach Ale  (both are delicious, BTW).   I had about 1/3 of a glass of my peach ale when the server refilled it with my friends Raspberry Wheat.  I tried to stop her, but she wasn't listening.  When I pointed it out, she shrugged and said "oops" and walked away.  REALLY?!   You're not going to fix your mistake?  Nope, she never did.  Still charged me for my beer.  We were getting ready to leave otherwise I would have definitely made her.    

Yet another time for happy hour with friends, we were waiting and waiting for our server to come back and refill our totally empty (for about 10 min) glasses.  She didn't come, but we could see her chit chatting with her fellow servers.  She finally made a round and when we ordered she said that because it was 6:01 the next round wasn't on happy hour prices.  Pretty sure she intentionally ignored her tables until after happy hour because the tables around us were all ticked about it too.   

I also was disappointed that they wouldn't accommodate my birthday party last weekend - there were 9 of us in the party, and I had called to see if they could hold a table or make a reservation or simply recommend a good time for us to come in.  Nope. They only take reservations for parties of 12 people or more. LAME.  When I asked if we could get a table if we walked in on a Friday night the woman on the phone said  "umm, probably not a good idea.  Friday's are busy.  You probably want to go somewhere else".    Seriously. 9 people in one party, for a birthday, ready to get a little hammered and spend some money and you have no options??!   VERY disappointing for this CenPho regular.    So, Stingray earned about $350 that night instead from our party. 

I'm seriously torn because I desperately WANT to like this place.  I live down the street, it's sooo close!   I love the beer selection...it would be perfect for our Cen Pho Sunday Fundays patio hopping group without a doubt, but until the service improves, probably going to hop on by this place.     OH SO disappointing!
Overall, it's okay. I definitely don't mind the patio. Especially since it is dog friendly. The service is pretty hit or miss depending on who you get. Sometimes you feel great and sometimes you feel like you intruded on your servers day. (Customers really shouldn't be that annoying to employees considering that is how you make money) 
My favorite is the BBQ Burger!
This time I brought my dog and we sat on the patio. The staff was so great about making sure she had water and dog treats. It's so nice to bring your dog to a place and have her feel welcomed!!! 
The umbrellas were up and misters were on-bring on summer!!
Service overall was very friendly and we were even offered water cups to go as it was so hot out today! Thanks!!
As usual, food was delicious as was the beer. I enjoyed the beet salad with Mammas little yellow pils, and my sister got the grilled cheese and grapefruit wheat.
This place has definitely become one of my favorites.
Mediocre food. The beer selection is somewhat extensive, but odd. On my last trip, it took, I kid you not, 30 minutes to get a server to come and take a drink order. There were approximately 50 customers in the place at the time, ie NOT busy at all. Two servers came and helped tables on either side of our group, but both completely ignored the table of thirsty people. Then, one came up with an order for another table, asked if it was for us (there was NOTHING on our table, not even water or silverware). When we told her it wasn't our order, she walked away with a puzzled look on her face. Didn't even bother to ask if we had been helped or wanted something. You're right, we could have walked up to the bar and asked for drinks, but at this point the service was so ridiculously bad that it was comical to watch it unfold naturally. The only reason they don't get 1 star is because they have bowls and water for dogs on the patio. At least they get to drink, even if you don't.  Gotta give them props for that.
Went here for the first time toy with the GF and everything was amazing. I saw in multiple past reviews that the service was questionable - Not this time. We had great service the entire time we were there. Our water glasses and beer glasses never went empty and both ladies that helped us were extremely friendly.

Food: The food was excellent. We started off with the OHSO Green Chili Dip. It has a bit of a kick to it, but was great. Highly recommend it. The brisket and pesto chicken sandwiches were also amazing. You get a lot of good food for your money.

Beer: The selection is huge. The best thing my GF liked is that for $1 you can get a 3oz sample of most beers. She is more of a mixed drink girl but it was nice for her to be able to find one she liked.
I really like O.H.S.O. Made sure that we got here in time for happy hour and to get a place on the patio. Walking in there are doggie treats for free, should you have a doggie! The smell of pretzels, I am assuming, wafts thru the place and gives you the want for a large pretzel and beer. Free valet and friendly hops to take your ride away. 
The pitchers of any Arizona brews are $6 ... Good price on the smaller pitcher for two and a good way to get a sampling without too much of a commitment. COULD have been alot colder. Nothing worse than beer that isn't icy.. in my opinion, at least. We started with apps of the hh smaller bites. I loved the pretzel and cheese dip/fondue. Could have given me a warm pitcher of that! We also had the OHSO Green Chile Dip ..not a thing wrong with it and the yucca chips are a treat. I'm a fan with the exception of the beer not icy thing and letting my water go dry. Picky picky! But a huge offering of brews on a nice patio is a good, good thing!
My family and I went for an early mother's day brunch to celebrate the mom's in our lives. We were given our pick of the tables and given great service with our large party. Everyone enjoyed their meal, besides that people who got the "Biscuits and Beer Gravy"... TOO MUCH PEPPER in the sausage. YUMMY biscuit, and all the meals came with a choice of a beer or mimosa. I chose the mimosa... PERFECT! 

My pregnant wife however was not able to enjoy one of the tasty mimosa's. Instead, she decided to get a soda. Much to our surprise, our bill came with 2 brunch combo's which included 2 drinks, and a charge for her soda... Long story short, the manager told us that they want to encourage drinking with brunch and that there are zero substitutes... They wouldn't budge for my pregnant wife or my 14 y.o. cousin. They said to "give it to someone else at the table". We asked to have the additional beverages comp'd (2 sodas $4.50...20 cents each @cost). We were told no again, and given our checks back.

Poor logic, management, and customer service. I get it, it's a brewery what do you expect. I would expect some type of accommodation or option given the family based neighborhood they are located in, and trying to attract the "Brunch" crowd. Their wait staff was great and did everything they could to find alternatives to the drink situation... Regardless of cost, have some type of substitution, know your margins, and please your customers!

My family of 14 will not be returning for brunch again, or for a late night beer.
Great selection of beer and very friendly to cyclists!  The food here is good as well !  Parking is a little tight but overall a great experience!
Ive been wanting to come here for a while, so when we left another bar in the neighborhood and the question of "Where now?" came up, i jumped at the chance to try it.

 Great beer list with lots of AZ brews as well as others. We didnt eat dinner, but I tried their Sunday brunch a few weeks later. Everything sounded delicious but my 2 friends and I all opted for the breakfast grilled cheese (fontina, prosciutto, green apple, w/ agave nectar and fruit on the side). I wish I wouldve ordered something else. The bread to cheese ratio was not good. Regardless, I would definitely come back to try something else.

Both patios are awesome, the one in back is much, bigger than the front ones. It has tons of shade, misters, fans, and a large bar in the middle. OHSO is also doggie friendly (if youre into that sort of thing).

I would definitely recommend this place.
There's no other way to say it: 

I fucking love this place!

Mimosa's a plenty, dog-friendly, patio-lovin', brunch menu to die for...

Came here for the "Beer Brunch" ... (two of my favorite things) which is 10 items for $10 with a 10oz beer or Monster Mimosa! Brunch is served from 9a - 2p on Sat + Sun.

I typically can't get away from the green chili pork carnitas (which definitely has SPICE) ...  pork carnitas, scrambled egg, potatoes, beans, cotija cheese and whole wheat tortillas served with a side of fruit. 

Happy to see a non-douchy spot pop up in this area - gives me hope that Phx can be cool after all!
I've been to OHSO several  times now and each time our service has been horrendous.

First time-sub par

Second time-we left because no one had paid any attention to us in the 30 minutes we sat on the patio.

Third time-thought I would give it another try when my dad asked where I wanted to meet him for dinner. I was embarrassed at my recommendation at the end of the night due to our poor service. We had incorrect orders, empty water glasses, slow service all around.

Bottom line-the food is decent(the burger was great but everything else just eh), the location is fantastic, and the atmosphere is great. However the poor service makes me not want to go back. Ever.
I love this place! Great location, great food and great drinks.
After at least a dozen visits to O.H.SO, I just realized I never reviewed it. Maybe I subconsciously didn't want to endorse this Arcadia gem because I was hoping no one would find it... Well that plan didn't work! Here are the reasons I love O.H.S.O
1.  Brunch: $10 for entrée and a beer (Or mimosa)
2. Dog friendly patio: Plenty of water and dog hooks near the table, so the pooches can enjoy the day too.  
3. Beer Selection:  I'm not a huge fan of beer, but I they have a great selection of draft beers and plenty of fruity girly options (which is what I'll drink).  

As a vegetarian, I have been very pleased with their menu, trying everything from the breakfast grilled cheese (minus the meat), O.H.S.O Rita flat bread pizza to the Yucca chips and have been very satisfied.  This location is also pretty big, so it's great spot for large parties.
our first stop for the San Tan pub ride. i just really like this place. and....unbeknownst to us, they have a huge canal side patio. replete with some of the coolest bike decor i've ever seen! they even turned the wheel sets of old bikes into mist spraying fans! how neat. 

and we knew ohso was dog friendly but get this....on the back patio, they even have a dog washing station! yup...a vet style table with a leash hook up, dog shampoo, and a hand held hose! now that's going above and beyond dog friendly! there are even tool sets for bike riders who can do a little fixing on their bikes. 

OHSO just cont's to impress!
After my original Yelp review, I was contacted by the manager who asked for feedback about my previous (not so great) experiences here.    He personally invited me to come back and give OHSO a try again.   So, I pulled together a happy hour with about 7 of my beer drinking buddies and off we went. 

The good: The service was better and our orders were all correct.   +1 star from my last review.
The "eh":  I just do not understand why the service is so slow here.  We came early (4:30) and stayed until about 7:00 or so on a Friday evening.  It was actually pretty slow at first, then definitely more hopping, but not jam packed.  It took forever to get beers and half the time the beers were warm when they got to us??   Weird.    

I appreciated the conversation with the manager, who also introduced himself in person when we returned.   He's definitely making an effort and it sounds like they are interested in being a hangout for locals, which is cool.   As I said before, I think the concept of OHSO is great, the beers are amazing, the food is delicious...   it's my hope that the service will continue to improve.   If it does, this could definitely become a favorite hang-out.
The ambiance here is really nice. The back patio is dog-friendly. The beer selection is great. 

If you're in the back and you order beer, it seems faster to get the beer that's available on tap out back rather than the  beer up front. For me, the difference was 20 minutes. It took forever to get my first beer out but that may have been because they were busy. Other than that, no major complaints.

If there is no space to park in the front, just park across the street.
This place had a really nice back patio...and I even enjoyed it on an 108 degree day due to the misters all around. The layout was great. The beer and pulled pork were amazing! The service at the outdoor bar was hilarious/pathetic...the bartenders were seriously tuned out and either forgot to offer us napkins/silverware or kept asking if we were done every 4 minutes...we also found it amusing as the one bartender who had been there since we sat down--and who also helped us--looked over at our friends and said, "do you need a drink or a menu?" And we were like, "uh no actually were leaving we were here the whole time." lol....overall though everything was delicious and the dog friendly environment on the patio is a huge perk!! Loved the pups!! And anywhere that accepts dogs as well as people is def alright in my book.
First time there and it was awesome. Brought my dog and he was taken care by the wait staff right away with a bowl of water. The place had a great relaxed feeling and friendliness. The mountain views help make that feel too. The food was quick and very good. Portion size was great. The drinks were filled constantly. Only issue was the parking.
GREAT beer!  I really liked the food too.

The service is fantastic, its dog friendly, and a fun atmosphere.
Great patio. Food was nice- nothing special. Will definitely be back for more patio time.
Honestly, I didn't fall for the parking accommodations however the staff, beer and decor are very nice.
I live nearby and kept meaning to pop-in. When I finally did I wanted to smack myself for waiting so long. Relaxed vibe no matter the time of day you come. (Fair warning: If you come alone during happy hour the pick-up lines will make you laugh.)

You can't beat their happy hour AND the diversity of brews offered is killer. The bar area up front has an assortment of seating styles. Couches, booths and standing tables are mixed together which lends itself to conversation. The inside restaurant seems family friendly enough, but I've not sat there. 

But what I love, love, love is the back patio! There are booths, which are perfect for dates and groups, along the back. (We comfortably sat a group of five.) The bar is super neat as you're not just facing the bartenders. If you wanted to this is a spot to readily start a new conversation.

Oh, but the food. I just enjoyed my burrito as a leftover for breakfast. Sunday they offer $10 meals with a 10 oz beer (or mimosa). There was a long list to choose from. I couldn't pick as there were waaay too many delightful things to pick from. Our super awesome server helped me triage and I ended up with a burrito that came with strawberries. YUM. Seriously. This morning I was too lazy to warm it up. Awesome. I've also enjoyed a flatbread BBQ chicken pizza - messy - but good stuff.

I absolutely adore that this place carries a porter beer. (Even though we're in oven hot summer.) Thank you O.H.S.O.!

Last thing - and this totally made me laugh yesterday. The valets were totally serious. I rode up in my bike and they would have valet'd my bicycle for me. "If I asked nice." These guys are always super nice when I drop off a car. I love them. Well, I love everyone on the staff too. Which is why coming here is such a nice experience.
Came on Sunday for brunch and beer and I was very impressed with the venue, the menu, and the service. My sister and I both had a flat bread breakfast pizza (which we could have split). She had a mimosa and loved it and I had a beer... and then another beer... and then I had a growler filled. The beer was great all around, our server was awesome, and the patio (front) where we sat was really nice. I walked through the restaurant to the back patio and was very impressed with the restaurant and the back patio. I will certainly be back and am just looking for excuses to bring my wife and daughter (so one of them can drive home!).
OHSO has top notch beers representative of their respective styles.  Small batch brewed, delicious and properly balanced.  They also have a ton of other local, regional, and national crafts on draught.  The food is good too.  Fresh ingredients, creatively prepared.  The atmosphere and location is perfect.  Outdoor seating in front and rear.  Misters, fans, dog and bike friendly.
The atmosphere is undeniable and one of the best in town!

This is a great place to grab beer and some flatbread.  
They have a backyard and it is very chill and laid back.

Best of all, you can bring the man's best friend!
Go check out OHSO, where the beers are oh so good!
My friend and I came here for brunch. It was delicious. We opted for the mimosas instead of beers with the $10 brunch specials. The food was amazing. The breakfast burrito was delicious. Made me fall in love with pork all over again. And the breakfast flatbread was also really good. The crust was amazing. I probably could have just had the crust and been happy as can be.

We sat on the patio, even though it is super hot outside. It didn't even matter, because it didn't feel bad at all. With the misters and the swamp cooler, it was pretty comfortable. I like the feel of their patio, and it's obviously dog friendly. My friend and I are going to return with my dog in tow.
Can't believe it took me this long to wander to my neighborhood bar...yes, maybe due to the parking situation. Discovered complimentary valet and it's a whole new ball game. Love the atmosphere - come dressy, come casual and you'll be greeted with friendly smiles. The AZ burger is killer; off the charts with the poblano aioli and jalapenos. No worries, with over 36 beers on tap, you won't be thirsty for long. I was most impressed by the staff; so accommodating and customer service oriented. Kudos to our waitress for handling a rowdy bunch of 14+ guests. Didn't get to check out back patio so my star rating was limited just for that. Pretty sure a return visit is in the very near future :)
Love this place!  It totally reminds me of my favorite bars back in Austin, TX.  It's very indie and eclectic -  definitely has its own vibe!  Very nice patios in each the front and back and well as delicious food!  I definitely recommend checking it out!
I've been going here since they opened. I love that it's getting more popular and I have to wait for a table now. 

OHSO has an amazing vibe: chill, relaxed, local, friendly. The changing beer selection makes it fun to come back. The food is delicious. My favorite item is the Arcadia Veggie Burger. 

Their brunch includes a mimosa or beer. The mimosa is made with fresh OJ and is so good! I honestly can't pick a favorite breakfast item because they are all good. Top 2: Breakfast wrap or Chicken & the Egg.
I like OHSO a lot! It's not the best place to eat as the food is not the best and it's a bit expensive for what you get. However, I don't go to OHSO to eat...I go there to drink on the patio! The patio is very dog friendly and it's one of the better patios in Phoenix. They have a good list of local beers, craft beers, and mixed drinks. This is a nice place to meet with a group of friends and hang out for a while. 

I also appreciate how accommodating the staff has been. I went there to watch the presidential debate and the staff was very willing to put the debate on for me. I had already gone to a few other places and they refused to do it--so I really appreciated OHSO's flexibility on the manner. 

Bring your dog, a few friends, and go enjoy a drink on their patio.
This place has a great patio PLUS a great selection of microbrews.  I loved the setup of this place- great front and back patio-dog friendly too.  The back patio setup is awesome.  Great view of Camelback Mountain and the bicycle wall with the tires that are fans is super cool!  We came on Father's Day and for their BBQ Sunday special and we were not disappointed.  The special was great, huge portions.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  Our waitress gave great recommendations and did not steer us wrong. Can't wait to go back!
Best food and dining experience combo in Phoenix. Great patio, drink selection, food choices and overall experience. O.H.S.O is my favorite. Bring anyone, dogs too. 

Try their breakfast and bloody marys.
Their Moscow Mule is the best I've ever had.
Brunch and drinks. ... do I need to say more!  Brunch is $10 for entree and beer/mimosa.  This is a great deal for everyone.  The staff at O.H.S.O. are so friendly and helpful with drink selections.  They have lot's of beers on tap for you to choose from.  If you are not a beer drinker, they offer a great list of mixed cocktails. The Arcadia, The Mule, The Sangria....well everything on their cocktail menu is delicious!  They offer a great Grill Cheese with Fontina Cheeses and apple wood smoked bacon.  For Brunch, I have tried the Breakfast Flabread and Breakfast Grilled Cheese.  Both amazingly good!  The patio is the best place for any time of the day to meet up with friends and it's dog friendly.
This place is FANTASTIC. The server was great, beer selection was impeccable, and the food was amazing. I have no complaints for O.H.S.O.!
LOVE THIS PLACE. Went to OHSO on date lunch with my husband, it was fantastic. Beer choice was just awesome and even managed to find a new favorite cider . I had the steak tacos and my husband had the shrimp. Both plates were just great superb flavor and plenty, the presentation was really good and just made you ant to go back again. Can't wait for a return visit
What a fabulously fun patio!  We had such a great time drinking, eating, and enjoying the people watching (a GOAT! Someone seriously brought their pet goat.), that it was hard to leave.  We shared the Green Chili Pork Tacos and I am OBSESSED with them.  Absolutely to die for.  They came with a slaw that really complemented the spice and gave them nice texture.  We also had the Chicken BBQ flatbread pizza.  Tasty, but the tacos remained the star of the meal.  The hummus was another good choice that our friends shared with us.  I had a couple of the 48th Street Fizz cocktails - they were strong and absolutely delicious.

This is a great place to hang out with friends and grab a bite to eat that is above your typical bar food fare.  It can be a bit of a scene, but that is part of the fun when it comes to people-watching, right?!
O.H.S.O. is where all good beer drinkers will spend the afterlife. I feel like I've lived here recently and sadly have never written a review. The reason is because each time I've come here I've inevitably wound up trashed and hungover the next morning. As a result I've sadly neglected my review of O.H.S.O. so this is long overdue.

I first came to O.H,S.O. for a company function and they put together an awesome special menu for us complete with beer pairings. Each course was amazing from the Mahi-Mahi sliders to the meat to the dessert. The owner came and told us his story and it was really inspiring to see someone turn their back on corporate life and follow their dreams, which in this case is all about beer.

I actually have this fantasy about laying under one of the taps with my mouth open and just saying "pull". The hard part would be choosing which beer. There are SO many varieties that you can be confident that there is something for everyone. If you're not sure, or overwhelmed like I was, the staff there know their stuff and can point you in the right beer-drinking direction.

The entire place is cozy and inviting, from the bar area to the lively patio. No matter where you sit, you'll always be surrounded by friendly beer-lovers. No need to leave your four-legged friends at home because the patio is dog friendly, complete with the  "Barking Bar" to keep them hydrated. 

O.H.S.O. is definitely on the "Best of the Valley" list and a great choice whether you're local or from out of town.
This has become a staple and meeting place for my boyfriend and I - after spending too much time trying to figure out where to eat, we always know that OHSO will be a good meal with good beer.  I have not had an item on the menu that has not been good, nor has anyone we've been with.  They have very good beer selection, I was excited to try Up the River Lager and get that almost every time since it's not readily available in Phoenix.  

The back patio is a great area to sit and I love the diversity of people who come here, dog lovers, bike riders, families, hipsters, after work crowd.  Last time I went, they had their microbrews available and I tried the grapefruit, which I was actually disappointed by it.  This, of course, will not stop me from going there, as they have other great locals brews to try.
I really like OHSO!

I love the huge and locally focused beer selection, I love the bike theme, I love the the way they embrace the canal, (coolest fence EVER!!) I love the dog friendliness and I love the food!

With all of this love, why 4, and not 5, stars? 

The service is kind of rough.  I've been there 3 times and there is a frazzled attitude, bordering on hostile.  Maybe I've just had bad luck but this is based on 3 visits.

In the interest of fairness, I'll keep trying until they get it right though  ;-)
One word: Brunch
Sure you could come here for HH on Fridays (as there are always a large number of cute single ladies here). 
Sure you could come to dinner. 

I just don't know why you would! O.H.S.O is a brunch place period. A top 2 Mimosa in the Valley without question!

Back Patio! Forget about it. INSANE!!!! 

I used to come here when it was "Black Forrest Mil" bar for dancing, and now that it has been totally revamped, I come here for the amazing back patio they added and great beer selection, mostly local to the AZ area is a big plus for us local boys.

And now... a game for you to play!

Everytime to you go... Create an acryonym for O.H.S.O and leave it as tip. I've played this game on FourSquare for years, but since Yelp is so much more amazing, I have to bring the tradition over here as well...

Some previously made acronyms we've come up with are...
Obviosly Hot Sexy Occupants
Other Humans Steal Olives
Outlandish Hominids Sucky Oxygen
Owning Honest Shiny Oysters
Outlandish Hyper Sensitive Orks
Orangutangs Have Sweetened Oranges
Etc..

Please enjoy the acronym game here by leaving them as tips!
Great beer, yummy food and a fun atmosphere; I'm a fan.
This is definitely a place to write home about. Huge dog friendly patio with water bowls for your pup and homemade dog treats from the brewery spent grain. I love coming here on the weekend with my dogs for the $10 beer brunch and the all you can eat BBQ for $15 after 3 on Sundays. You will be addicted. It's a huge bicycle culture bar and restaurant - the decorations are awesome and the wheels of the bikes that line the patio actually have WORKING FANS in them. Best idea ever. Also, if you snap an adorable photo of your dog and put it on their facebook you are entered to win a $25 giftcard to O.H.S.O. hashtag profit, am I right?
LOVE this place!  I've only sat on the patio- which is very nice and right on the canal.  It's very dog friendly with water bowls and free treats provided!  Really good hamburgers too.
Five stars without a doubt. My favorite spot in the Valley.

They offer dog treats from their spent beer grains.

Their beer is mediocre, but the service and experience more than makes up for it.
Plus, they let ASH members put their beer on tap. VERY friendly to home brewers, and that's what counts!

For me, this is Heaven.
5 stars every time. Love the happy hour. If my dog could speak, he would probably beg me to take him to the OHSO back patio more often. Thanks for being so uber dog friendly OHSO! The burgers here are not to be missed and grab a pitcher of beer, it usually makes more sense financially and you're going to want to hang out for a while.
I went here last Sunday for brunch after discovering them on the Whistl App for iPhone.

This is by far one of the best deals in the valley.

For $10, you get a 10 oz Arizona Beer (Or Monster Mimosa), along with one of their 10 entrees. Between three people, to only spend $30, enjoy a beer, and be truly stuffed is a feat for any restaurant in this town.

We ordered the Biscuits & Beer Gravy, the Breakfast Flatbread, and the Green Chile Pork Carnitas. I had the Orange Blossom Beer by Papago Brewing Company, while my two friends each got the Hefeweizen by Four Peaks.

The Biscuits and Gravy is probably one of my favorite dishes on earth. The bisuits are smothered in the the thick gravy, with massive chunks of sausage. To top it off, they put a couple pieces of bacon on top. The flavor was very savory, not too salty or overpowering in any sense.

The Breakfast Flatbread was very unique, turning a pizza into a breakfast It came with scrambled eggs, spanish chorizo, potato hash, caponata, and arugula. The sweetness of the caponata blended perfectly with the chorizo. The potatoes also helped balance the flavors quite nicely. 

The Green Chile Pork Carnitas were also very good, but nothing groundbreaking. It was probably the most traditional menu item. It came with the carnitas, flour tortillas, and scrambled eggs. It was fun though putting together my own little wrap with all of the ingredients. 

As for the beer, I was very impressed with the Orange Blossom. It was extremely refreshing, and the citrus flavor was not too overpowering. There was some subtle nodes of vanilla, which i though was unusual for beer, but really carried the flavor of the drink. 

My friends both said they enjoyed the Hefeweizen. We've always been a big fan of Four Peaks' beers. 

We saw some other people drinking the Monster Mimosas, and they are huge! I would love to try one, but the acidity of orange juice does not sit well with me anymore, but I can imagine that they are excellent.

As for the service and atmosphere, I would still give it a perfect 5 stars. The staff was very friendly and very knowledgeable about their food and drink list. The layout of the restaurant is very unique. It has the old style german bier-haus vibe, with a modern american twist. Each dining area has its own style.

I would definitely recommend this place for their brunch. They also do BBQs on the weekends in the evening too.

If youre a foodie like me and want to find other great deals like OHSO, definitely check out the Whistl App on the App Store. It's free to use, and I've already found several new places in the Valley that really rock!
This place wins the award for most dog-friendly patio in Phoenix!  I, uh, just don't have a dog, so this is more on the less amusing end for me.  But holy water dishes and panters galore!  They even have a recurring dog photo contest. 

Now.  The beer?  Amazing selection and the happy hour pitcher special is nuts.  I love their HH food specials as well.  The pretzel with cheese?  Pretty sure I requested a straw and drank the rest of the cheese up.  I called it Cheese Soup to make it slightly more respectable.  I guess that's just what happens when you are "forced" to drink a pitcher of great craft beer!

The brunch special is pretty good, but on my most recent visit I ordered the grilled cheese and was fairly disappointed at my meal compared to everything else I saw....pretty paltry portion IMO.  I would've rather had a more respectable/substantial  sandwich and had no fruit and random sauce/dip.

The late night eats menu is a great addition of greasy yet delicious food at pretty awesome prices.

Service has always been another high point for OHSO.  But the bathrooms, UGH!.......I guess all those pitchers of cheap beers makes for some nasty drunk bitches, because my late night visits have always resulted in straight up DISGUSTING women's bathroom conditions. LADIES, GET IT TOGETHER AND STOP VOMITING IN PUBLIC.  WTF.

Only other negative is the parking situation.  I just hate valet.  Even if it's free.  HATE IT.  If you time it right, you may get lucky, but even when meeting friends at say, 4pm or so, I still get stuck valeting. But hey, this place is packed, for good reason.   I'll be back!
Amazing selection of beers on tap. Great happy hour specials. Good food. Friendly service. And a nice patio area during the months that we don't use the phrase "It will only be 105 degrees today".

You can get pitchers of on tap local brews for $6-11. The pitchers are plenty generous. The burgers are great. The fish and chips (which in my opinion is the best way to judge any brewery) taste great. It's always a good sign when they bring out malt vinegar without being asked. I prefer the texture of cod to mahi but the breading was tasty and it wasn't a pile of breading with a sliver of fish. The tartar sauce had great flavor and it looked made on site (I've never seen store bought with pickles diced that large).

The only real issue here is the parking. If you show up during busy times, it can be a nightmare. The valet helps. The guys out front are friendly and do not push hard for tips (which of course makes us want to tip them more than we would have had we felt pressured!). It can be a frustration but in the end it is worth it.
Loving the Tucson beers on tap (Dragoon & Borderlands).

Also loving the chorizo & potato flatbread. I was scared there'd be too much potato but was happy to find out it didn't overwhelm the flatbread. Extra points for the arugula sprinkled on top.

Can't wait to come back.
Brunch? Yes, please!! More please!!! Bicycles, pups galore, and beer... Oh my! The patio space hugging the canal and looking up to Camelback Mountain is one of my favorite places to meet friends for brunch, with my most loyal friend, my dog! By far one of the most dog friendly patios in town, this Arcadian spot is both equal parts dog friendly bar and darn good bar. I order the orange ale, nearly every time, and have made my way through most of the brunch items - I haven't been disappointed yet! Edie snubs their cookies (she snubs pretty much anything other than meat or cheese snacks), and the servers always welcoming my being me a piece of prosciutto from the kitchen so she can still have OHSO treats. I may be a little more loyal to OHSO now, too, for they validated my obsession with how cute I think my dog is by awarding her one of their "Growler of the Week" recognitions! All in all, it's a smart, sweet spot, and it's fun to plan a Sunday Funday of tossing my pup on my bike and pedaling down the canal for scrumptious bites and brew! Biscuits and beer gravy are delicious and they constantly dare me to order them... and they are a worthy reason to pop out of one's denim.
At a friend's recommendation, I went here with my husband and another couple for dinner. I am glad I took that recommendation. It was surprisingly slow for a Saturday night. We sat on the back patio that had misters and cool fans that were cleverly place in the wheels of bicycles. Our first server was phenomenal, I wish we had him the whole time. We got the cheese platter which was huge and delicious and by far the best I have had anywhere for a great price. 4 of us split it, and honestly, I didn't even need to order dinner because it filled me up. But, I did order the romaine salad which was fantastic. I tried my husband's brisket sandwich and the sauce was to die for. My friend had the cheeseburger which she said was only okay, but that was on the expectation that it would be fantastic because the cheese platter was so good. The beer was decent; my husband who is a brewer actually was not that impressed. But overall I thought the food was wonderful and I would definitely go back.
O.H.S.O. is so much fun! A huge selection of beers on tap, great happy hour, and a big patio that caters to dog lovers...they even have dog treats at the front that you can take home with you! I thought the food was so so, but the atmosphere makes up for it. Perfect for brunch or an afternoon with friends. 

Overall, if you're in the market for a chill afternoon outside with your friends or your dog, give O.H.S.O. a shot.
For some reason, I've been giving a lot of 3 stars to 4+ places on yelp and this one's another on the list.  It's more a 3.5 for me but I'm rounding down for service. Stopped by for brunch and it was seat yourself. OK, that's fine...but it shouldn't take too long for someone to notice we're sitting without food menus or to be offered water at least. After our food came out, we weren't checked on until we were done eating. Tip: don't sit at the high-tops right behind the bar unless you want the bartenders on the other side to be screaming (inadvertently) into your ear.

Prices ($10) are fine for brunch and include a mimosa or 10oz AZ beer. I think the food portions are smaller to compensate though, and I'd rather have more food without a drink if not in the mood for alcohol.  Food matched the price...looked and tasted like it was precooked and scooped onto my plate a la Chipotle.  It was not bad though.  

I'd come back with more people during happy hour to try more of their beer selections. Probably pass on food unless something looked really good as it passed by.
What I liked the most about this place was the amazing patio!!! 
A dog friendly patio with hanging lights!! Beautiful and brilliant!! Plus, this place brews its own beer!! The food here is good, nothing too extravagant. 
However, the service is great, friendly and loaded with a very attentive staff!!  :)
A must visit for a good time with the amigo(a)s!! :)
We visited OHSO today for the first time, and went specifically for their beer brunch.  Yes, you read correctly - BEER BRUNCH.  They have several delicious brunch items for $10 apiece, all of which include a 10 ounce AZ beer from their extensive beer menu.  The biscuits and beer gravy were to die for, and the carnitas were pretty good too.  We tried a ton of different beers since OHSO offers 3-ounce samples for $1 each, including 4 or 5 of their own nanobrews.  The wine list also looked great, but we simply didn't have enough time in our visit today to transition over to that side of the menu.  We'll have to go back soon!  Oh - and one of my favorite things about OHSO is their huge, dog friendly patio and bike parking section.  They even make dog treats from spent grains leftover from the beer making.  We will be visiting soon with our furry friends in tow.  Thanks, OHSO!
We had high hopes for this place, as we live 2 min away from Ohso. We first visited Ohso Saturday 8/10/2013 for brunch. The food was mediocre the side of fruit was rotten, the pie was rubbery and microwaved but the beer was good and the waitress was too. When we told the manager about the fruit...she didn't even offer us a fresh one. We had been told about the Sunday only offering of their supposed famous BBQ all you can eat for $15. By several people, so we decided to give them another chance and go back the next day. Excited to try this offering we invited our family to join us on what we anticipated to be a delightful outing. Not so much ... Not at all. Our plate had more bread than meat, the chicken should have been called a salt lick because that's all that could be tasted. The ribs were ok and the beef brisket was to. By far the best was the brisket. However the meat was not BBQ at all, it was old microwaved meat with salt and some type of "BBQ'" sauce. The real issue was the server, a rather rude young lad in need of training in professional etiquette and mannerisms. When I ordered my second serving I expected another plate with the meat that I requested. Hold the chicken and keep the rest. Instead I was brought a little saucer with again more bread topped with a teaspoon of brisket and two emaciated ribs. Hello $15? Where is the food? My mother only ordered more corn bread, she later decided to take it home. When the rude water boy delivered the two take home boxes, he looked at my saucer that had the teaspoon of meat, large loaf of bread and emaciated ribs and said " oh no that's not how we do this. Its all you can eat while you're here." First of all there were 4 yes four people, only 1 person ordered what was supposed to be a second round of "all you can eat BBQ" and a bill well over $100.00 so waiter boy gives us attitude over corn bread a and saucer of what was only good for my dog to eat.  Hello! Really, R-U-D-E-!!! We will never go there again and will share with our ENTIRE OFFICE what a waste of time, money and effort "OHSO Shitty" really was. If not to be in the company of my parents there would have been quite the conversation with the manager. And just to think that we considered holding our company luncheon at that place. No no no way! Not even if it was for free. Also, who microwaves pie? Oh that would be OHSO. I have never had a rubbery $7 piece of pie. 
Thank you for such an unforgettable experience and the loaf of bread.

I give this place -5 star.
OSHO is great.  It's fun to hang out on the patio when there is good weather (bring your dog!) or even when the weather is very hot.  That's because the whole patio is surrounded by fans and has one of the best misting systems I've seen.  The food is pretty good and the beer selection is great.  I always have a good time here.  

The only downside would be that it's quite out of the way but that's just an excuse to extend your stay when you make it out there.
I went to OHSO with some friends for brunch yesterday and I am so glad I did! Their patio is awesome. I am so glad it is pet friendly too since I might get a dog sometime soon! Let me just say their brunch ROCKS! You get a choice of beer or a (huge) mimosa along with a meal choice for only $10 altogether! I had the breakfast flatbread and it was so huge I had alot of leftovers. It was very tasty. Our waitress was nice and very chill. I loved the casual atmosphere and the complimentary valet parking. I can't wait to go back to OHSO!!!
How can I not have rated OHSO?!

I have been here several times, but only on the back patio. Its where I find myself people watching and drinking beers. I have had some of their food and it's OK, I should try this place out for dinner sometime.. but so far my rating is all about brews, clientele, atmosphere and service. 

The positive. 
To tell you the truth, I like it - all of it. I feel relaxed here and I enjoy a place where you can sit down and just unwind over good conversation, because it isn't obnoxiously loud here. It is like a patio should be. The beer is tasty, and there is a feelgood vibe on this dog friendly patio. 

Funny story.
I sat here with some veterans and enjoyed a Friday afternoon as the sun went down. When I was paying my bill I realized that the waitress had charged me for a drink to little. I told her about it, and she replied with "Sorry, consider it military discount" and a smile. Needless to say I tipped her well. 

The negative.
The men's room has one toilet and one urinal. This means that there will be a line on occasion. Another thing, that other awesome yelpers have said before me, is that I don't like valet parking. I don't. 

In Summary -  it's a pleasurable visit. I would take out-of-towners here for a light meal and drinks before going somewhere else. Not saying that this place dies down as the night progresses, I just don't have that knowledge. If you haven't tried it out, please do.
Yummy!  Best patio in the valley
delicious beers and good food.  I've only been twice and very surprisingly, this place never seems to get very busy - at least inside.  They let you bring your dog as long as you stay at the back bar.  I moseyed outside the first time I was there and it was a very cute setup with doggie water dishes lined up along the wall.
Tried it for the first time and was super impressed with the food.  It was a quick lunch, had the Arizona Burger (if you like spicy), I have to disclose I am not a huge burger person but I do like burgers, having said that it is now the best burger I have had in town (better than the VIG (previous favorite)).  And their sweet potatoes were also better than the VIGs, again disclosure... I do not have anything against the VIG it is an awesome place and we will continue to go there (specially for their amazing BreadPudding Dessert) I just happen to like the food at OSHO better, my new home for burger and sweet potatoes.
A great neighborhood bar.. Good food, good drinks.. Love the $10 beer brunch, love the back patio, staff always friendly and helpful! Of course, great beer selection and one of my fav burgers!!
Very weak 4. If I could give half stars, I would give OHSO 3.5

I like the location and the layout of the restaurant. We started with the spinach artichoke and crab dip, which was pretty good but a little too fishy, like the crab wasn't fresh. I had the OHSO salad, which was good. The cook on the steak was nice, and the greens were fresh. My husband had the gnocchi bolognese, which he enjoyed, but he felt that the sausage on the dish was overpowering. Red wine sangria was fine - nothing extraordinary, but good.

The service was very slow, and honestly pretty bad. I don't know if our server forgot our table was there, but she seemed more interested in chatting with the table behind us than taking our orders and refilling our drinks. I also think the portions are small for the price.

Overall, we had an OK time. I would go back for drinks. I'm hoping the bad service was a one time fluke.
A friend and I met here last night and had a great experience!  The restaurant itself is very cool, the staff is great and they've got great beer and food!  The complimentary valet is also a nice touch.
One of my favorite spots.  Food, beer, and awesome ambience.
Very nice place with an awesome beer selection and tasty foods. The AZ burger was as good as the server said it would be. Hard to find parking for dinner because it was so packed but valet was complimentary at least. Not much of a night scene but great for an early evening.
I love the atmosphere of this place and has a really cozy back patio. You can't go wrong with the 4 cheese flatbread pizza and they are always nice enough to throw on some pesto for me too. I like the beer and wine selection but the only thing I have found is they seems under staffed when I have been there. Other wise thumbs up.
I'm never disappointed with OHSO! The food is great (LOVE the OHSO burger) and they have an amazing selection of beer. I would only suggest that they keep the favorites on tap, I hate going anywhere to satisfy a craving just to find out their out. 
For you dog lovers, they have an awesome dog friendly patio. And DON'T FORGET to grab some if their dog treats homemade from the spent grain. My pup Ginger goes nuts for these treats. 
Can't wait till the hot Arizona summer ends so I can jump back on my beach cruiser, and bike along the canal with my friends to enjoy another Beer Brunch on the patio with my pup.
If you are looking for a good burger, and sweet potato fries, or Yucca Chips then this is your spot.  I am not a beer drinker, but if you enjoy a good brew they are also a micro brew, with a sampler.  Their Arizona burger is quite spicy, and very good.
What can I say.... This place is great!

Beer selection is phenomenal and the brunch and a 10 oz. AZ beer for $10 is quite the deal! The back patio, which is dog friendly, is extremely relaxing on a nice AZ day with views of Camelback mountain. Bring your bikes as this is located right off of the canal trails and plenty of space to lock them up.
Really unique. Predict big things moving forward. Going to be a historic local spot when they introduce their new "Brew With Us" deal where you get to sign up to make custom brews with their brewmasters. Place is awesome for food and beers. Awesome, that they literally brew in the restaurant if that's what you would call this place. 

So unique. Must visit. Never seen a "nano" brewery like this. Totally Arizona bred and born. Oh-So is def. not so-so. Check it out.
We've have stopped in here twice in the past year while visiting the Phoenix area both times were excellent. The first visit we only had beer and the selection was great. The beer menu has everything a menu needs which makes selecting your beer easy. The second visit we had dinner and some beers, the food was the best I had in a while, I wish there was somewhere in my town that was this good. The service was great, we had two servers because one went on break or something and both girls were very helpful. This place is a must visit while in the valley.
I absolutely loved the flatbread pizza. Very good. I was a little disappointed with the beer though. I had the orange blossom and the orange pail. I'm not sure exactly what it was but they just seemed very hoppy or strong, but not in a good way. They were good but not great. But just my opinion. Can't wait to see the outside once they are done renovating it. It was closed last week.
Tonight was our first time here.  Thank goodness they have complimentary valet parking!  It is big and a bit noisy.  But the food ....... oh my goodness!  I had an amazing brisket sandwich, my husband and my friends husband had cheese burgers.  And my other friend has a sweet chili burger.  They all loved their food too.  I want to go back and have the shrimp tacos  Can't wait!
I love OHSO!! The husband and I bike along the canal often and get sucked into the fun ambience of OHSO. They are a bike and dog friendly bar and restaurant, and they really mean it! They have a whole wall dedicated to their biker customers with locks and several tools for all your bicycle needs. They have a lot of bike parking right off of the canal next to the outdoor patio. I was so surprised to see the amount of dogs that people brought! They just hangout in the booths, either on the floor or in the seat or even underneath the booths. OHSO provides free dog treats and water bowls to keep your dog happy. We came to brunch on a Sunday, so of course they had all the football games playing around the bar. OHSO has a great Sunday brunch special which includes a 10 oz beer and a choice of one of their brunch dishes for $10. Even without the special their normal prices are awesome, with pitchers of quality beer for only $9!  We got the breakfast flatbread and a pitcher of Orange Blossom, that's from Papago brewery, and omg they were both delicious. The orange blossom had a unique taste of oranges and a hint of vanilla, it was hard not to chug all of it immediately! The flatbread was amazing, it had eggs, spinach, Spanish chorizo and much more I can't remember. You could taste the great quality of the ingredients they used! I saw a LOT ( i mean a lot) of people get the biscuits and gravy, which you would think is ordinary but they put a classy twist on the dish, I will definitely try it next time, it looks so good! The couple next to us also had bloody Mary's and it looked amazing too! Ill try that next time too! I plan to know OHSO like the back of my hand within the next few years because its an amazing place and we live very close! Can't wait to come back!
On my most recent visit to O.H.S.O., they hit the ball out of the park (so to speak) so I have to give them five stars. I decided to check out this place for Sunday brunch and was thrilled with the quality of the food and service, the fun and lively atmosphere, and, of course, the great selection of beer! This is the kind of place you can proudly show off to people from out of town who are just visiting Phoenix.

Every time I try a new place for a late breakfast/brunch on the weekends, I make a point to sample the biscuits and gravy. If the kitchen doesn't have an appreciation for a hearty, stick-to-your-ribs standard like biscuits and gravy, it will be evident. And I was not disappointed in O.H.S.O.'s wonderful take on this breakfast classic... biscuits were fresh and soft, the white sausage gravy was creamy and hearty (with a nice spicy kick). And I was thrilled they offer a half-portion side order for just $4. My buddy and I agreed that the "Beer Brunch" was the way to go, and we were super-pleased with our meals. I had the breakfast burrito (the perfect portion size, stuffed with green chile pork carnitas, eggs, cheese, potato) and my buddy had the churrasco steak and egg dish. Both dishes came with a 10-oz. AZ draft beer of our choice for $10, which we agreed was a great value!

I originally tried O.H.S.O. shortly after they took over this location from the Black Forest Mill. I was impressed with the beer selection (especially since they featured a hometown favorite... Rubicon's Monkey Knife Fight from Sacramento), but I was not initially impressed with the food. It has been years since my first visit, and the improvement is palpable. They are brewing their own beer, and I am happy to report that they are firing on all cylinders. The food is great, and the laid-back atmosphere and friendly beer-buzz vibe is undeniable (especially if you check out the back patio). The complimentary valet service may put you off at first, but it is not an attempt at being pretentious. This place is becoming so popular that it is really the best way for them to manage their available space for parking. I was here on a weekend night for a friend's going-away party in the front-most room, and the entire place was frenzied, fun, and just jumpin'! This is now one of my number one fun dining destinations--and a valuable addition to the Phoenix craft beer scene.
I was completely satisfied with the overall experience at this place... If we lived in the area, this would be our regular spot.

Great outdoor set up.... 

Nice food / beer happy hour deals.. Worked out great for brunch.

They have a lot of beers on tap, lots of other local beers as well.

Great deal for ten bucks, food and a beer. 

Service was fine.. Food was fine.. Overall, good to go... Oh yeah, dog ad kid friendly.. Huge plus
Great atmosphere, great food, great service, fun patio, dog friendly, free homemade pet treats.  Love this place!!!
The food here was decent - I liked the spinach artichoke and crab dip, which was tasty and a good sized portion. 

I forget what I had, I think it was some salad which was ok and the sangria which again was fine. The thing that stands out for me was how AWFUL the service was.

We waited about 30 minutes or so for a table, which was fine. Had some drinks, sat on some couches. No problem.

After we were seated (we still had the drinks we were already working on) no one came for at least another 30 minutes, and I'm not exaggerating. When our waitress finally came she asked if we were going to want to order anything. Um, why did we ask to be seated at a table and not just keep sitting in our comfy couches by the bar???

She eventually took our orders, and they eventually brought our food. Then we didn't see her again for another hour until she brought the check. Just awful - and it wasn't even busy. For the price, I couldn't believe the awful service.
Stopped by this place over this past weekend for lunch. Parking is not ideal - you will pretty much have to valet park to eat here, which we don't love being forced to do.  The place itself is a good size on the inside and has a back patio that seems to be a big hit with the locals.  We had just visited an outdoor Oktoberfest event and decided to enjoy the A/C instead.

The bike theme of the decor can be seen throughout the restaurant and it's a fun and whimsical idea incorporating a close by bike trail.  The menu has a variety of options from flatbreads to burgers.  I had the BBQ bacon burger and he had the pulled pork sandwich.  Both were prepared well and tasted good!  Our friend had one of the flatbread (I don't remember the exact one - my apologies) but I remember he said it was very good.

Our server was extremely friendly and helpful throughout the meal and had a great sense of humor.  

Overall: A
We will be back to enjoy that patio!
I really wanted to like this place! Before even trying it for myself I heard good things about this place, but the 2 out of three times I've been I have found hair in my food. Service was great all three times but the hair in the food just did it for me. I'm going to assume this happens often because of their dog friendly patio (where I sat all three times). They do have a great beer list and it changes weekly so if I do go back maybe I'll play it safe and just drink.
This is my new favorite place by far. The food is outstanding! I have now tried about four things on the menu and I loved them all! The patio is the best place to sit because they have fans, huge tvs, outside bar and best of all, dogs are welcome!! The white sangria is delicious as well as the huge selection of small brewery beers. Overall, this place meets all my qualifications for a great night, excellent food, drink, service, and all the fluffy dogs you can pet! :)
The waiter was not that attentive and brought cold fries. Asked for no tomato and had to pick them from my burger. Very noisy place too. I think the place is just ok....
Good food and great atmosphere. However, the service lacked in that we waited too long to get drinks ordered, food ordered, and the check. This would have been forgiven if it was busy, but it wasn't. Otherwise I would go back and give this place another try.
EDIT: 2 stars instead of 3, waiting FOREVER STILL.

First time here was awesome this time around service started great, the server disappeared. Then sat without a drink and my food sitting on the table waiting for a box..so far I'm still waiting...love the food and the atmosphere but not so much the service.
One of my most favorite places to go!  And I haven't even tried the patio yet!  Loud enough that a "feisty" kid doesn't bother others but not so loud you can't talk to people at your table.  Food has been good and consistent.  Beer selection has yet to disappoint.  They focus on local...so I"m a fan!!!
Complimentary Valet is always a plus
The inside has a cool industrial, outdoorsy, bicycle feel... 
It is also a "seat yourself" deal which I'm not sure is all the time or just on the weekends but I didn't mind because I got to choose a cute low table in the main seating area... I love the chalkboard signs and menus on the wall... 

Our server was nice and cool... 
Gave us a menu and took our water orders...
The menu is pretty small but everything sounds good
I chose the pumpkin ale which sounds yummy
For my entree I selected the Skirt Steak with fries which seems like a very popular item...
The pumpkin ale is great! 
I was informed that the skirt steak was mixed sort of like carne asada fries and so I would thought I would give it a try

They are really yummy
Such a great flavor and the steak is cooked perfectly...
I was not expecting so much flavor from this dish but it is exceeding my expectations 

All in all it was a great visit and I am glad to have tried this spot, I will be back soon
Pretty cool atmosphere. The food was pretty good, looking forward to trying it again.
Went there today and sat at a table that was reserved in about an hour and ten min from when we got there. The first thing the waiter said was "you know you only have an hour right". Very rude first impression. He barely talked to us the whole time. I ordered a cheese burger medium cooked and it came out cooked fine but there was an inch long gross red bloody spot on the bottom bun that was soggy. I'll post a pic if I can. Told him they shouldn't serve food like that and he said ok as he walked away and never said sorry or anything. I will never go back.
5 stars for beer selection. 0 for service (30 minutes to get food and drink from the time we ordered - 45 more to get the bill). 2 burgers, pink, BBQ one was great, AZ was literally still a precooked patty pink mush and onion straws were cold and slimy like they never made it to the frier. I got the wrong beer - twice. Didn't point any of this out to server because she barely existed. Good ambience and beer selection. Will still come for beer and bar only. Eat before you go.

UPDATE: Manager reached out to correct service issues and was genuinely interested in the experience and details - a good sign! Plus, dogs loved the complimentary dog treats we brought home. Going to head back to try backyard BBQ with bike up on the canal - more to come!
I travel a lot for work and always make it a point to find a local brewery or pub in all the cities I go to.  I have to say this was one of the best!  The brews were fantastic and the food was upscale with a pub feel.

Note - the samples are a $1 each, but worth they spend.  Try and White Mocha brew....very cool!
What a fantastic little gem this place is!

The atmosphere is very laid back, the employees are fun loving people, the ambiance is wonderful. I love the simple wood designs and the casual decorations. No formalities needed, just come on down and have a seat.

The first and most important thing is the beer. You won't see any crap beer on the menu-- these are people who embody and respect the craft culture. In addition to a few of their own house brews they carry a wide range of Arizona brewed selections from names you'll likely recognize. They also have an impressive selection of pumpkin beers, if you're into that sort of thing. I guess now is the season.
it's a tough call as to where you'll want to sit but at night there is no where I'd rather be than in the lovely patio, which surrounds a classically designed center bar with plenty of screens for the sports minded among us. It's basketball season now and I can't wait to take advantage of that here. 

I suggest you try this place out on a weeknight first, as there was absolutely no wait and the service was prompt. I can't stress enough just how cool everyone who works here seems to be-- yet another effect of the craft culture I suppose. The food is also damn good. It's mostly hearty, burger based fare-- the kind of stuff that goes oh so well with a fine brewed beverage. The shoestring fries are good munching. My brisket sandwich was pretty loaded and more than adequate to satisfy my immense hunger. They do have a selection of tacos and veggie burgers for your lighter eaters. The prices are pretty reasonable and hardly outside of the range of your average craft beer drinker.

It's gonna be a good season of sports with a place like this to retreat to.
Finally got a chance to check out OHSO after hearing so much buzz about this place.  I love local breweries and I love craft beer.  I do consider myself knowledgable on beer and a self proclaimed "beer snob!"  

From my first impression of OHSO I was impressed with the beer menu and that they print out a new menu everyday.  Some of the more impressive beers on the list for this day was Dragoon IPA from Tucson and Lil Sumthing Wild from one of my top breweries Laugnitus.  What I wasn't impressed with was the own brews made by OHSO.  There were only 3 on tap.

Every time I'm at a brewery I have to have their local beer.  I don't go to a brewery for a guest beer.  I think that was my mistake with OHSO.  I had the mindset of trying a new brewery, not a cool new beer bar.  With only 3 on tap I thought the safest and should be most tasty was the IPA.  

To put it bluntly, this was the worst IPA I have ever had.  It tasted like a hoppy Bud Light.  Wow..I've had IPA from many breweries all around, but non as bad as this one.  I'm sure some hipster is going upset at me for talking bad about OHSO, but come on this is bad.

Its hard for me to rate a brewery on just one beer, but with only 3, I think its fair.  So I give OHSO a F on their beer, but a A for their guest beer list and the actual layout of the business.  Their rear patio was very nice and I loved the dog friendly aspect of it.  I want to come here with my dogs and They get bonus points for the patio.  

I think OHSO has some room to improve with their beer, so next time I visit I will keep an open mind about it being a cool place to hangout at and drink good hard to find craft beer.  I wont be thinking it as a brewery.  I can't speak for the food so I can give them another star depending on their food which from other reviews looks real good.
Finally. Phoenix welcomes one of the greatest neighborhood gathering place of all time. Thank you Stuart, Justin, Cale, Adam and the rest of the A-Team crew for making this night and every night a great time with friends, great food and great beers.
I'm knocking off one star for the less-than-stellar food (spongy flatbread, soggy fries). Otherwise, I love this place! Great beers on tap - I got the Angry Orchard Hard Cider. I love the decor and ambience. The back patio is SO COOL. The type of place you want to visit every Friday or Saturday night. It backs up to the canal and has great views of Camelback Mountain. A great place to come with friends.
One note - there was a car accident last night right outside the parking lot. I'm not surprised, because the parking lot is CRAZY! I wish the parking lot were bigger.
Love the dog friendly back patio. Good food, excellent micro brew selection. Happy hour pretty weak however. Good deal on a pitcher, but that's about it, so better have same taste in beer as whomever you are with. Deal on pints would be better way to go. Ordered small happy hour hummus plate for $3, but came with 3 little pita pieces. Waiter did bring a few more when asked. Not a big deal, better just to split an entree rather than waste $ on the small bites.
My boyfriend took me here for drinks after our first dinner date together. It has been his and many of his good friend's spot since they recently discovered it earlier this year. I am a HUGE fan of this place! Delicious food, great selection of beer, lots of seating, the back patio is great for game days and brunch. They have brunch specials which sometimes (if not always?) come with a complimentary mimosa or breakfast beer. Very dog friendly. Lots of bikers, hikers, etc. come here. Great staff! My favorite mixed drink is the Moscow Mule with extra ginger made just right is to die for! It's my boyfriend and I's go-to-spot. MUST TRY!
Great place to go to for happy hour and cheap food/drinks.  Parking might be an issue if you go at their peak times.  You might have to park your car at the nearby Safeway lots and walk over.  Great service and delicious food/drinks, can't go wrong with it.
Great atmosphere and patio with bring your dog encouraged and get a treat from your server. I had a great deal with their happy hour pitchers for six bucks. The pizza and pulled pork were both good
LOVE OHSO so much! Great food. Great beer. And super dog friendly with an awesome patio (my favorite part) 5 Stars for OHSO
Stopped in here Thursday for lunch with my dog.  Great place to hang out for both of us.  Server greater us with a water bowl and home-made biscuit for the dog.  I had one of their own brews though they had a wonderful selection on tap of other breweries.  They pulled pork sandwich was great.
Five stars! That's right, beer fans if you haven't seen what OSHO has to offer, you're missing out! 

First off their beer selection rocks. You can even brew your own beer and pick a name for it with their on-staff beer geniuses. The happy hour prices are awesome - you can get a pitcher or a pint and I think during happy hour the pitchers are only a dollar more than a pint. So that's a tough decision ha ha!

Next, this place is dog friendly on the patio. So bring your pup and some friends next time. They have a dog wash station and a little dog bowl bar to keep your canine buddy hydrated. They even bake homemade dog treats from leftover grain from the beer making process.

They also have beer events and smoke meats on the patio for barbecues. If any of this sounds appetizing to you, plan a happy hour with your friends at OSHO! You won't regret it.


P.S. the patio gets pretty full, but I believe they take reservations, so give them a call to find out, if you plan to bring a large party.
This place is so cute!  It has an interesting, eclectic atmosphere that's a bit rustic (lots of wood), a bit hipster (lots of bikes and doggies welcome) and a bit big-awesome-brew-pub-sports-bar (big tvs and spacious - lots of seating, big booths, big bar, lots of room to move around).  

The food is yummy, the atmosphere is laid back and the service is pleasant.  We had the fish tacos and the veggie burger, which were both quite tasty, well above the usual level of bar food.  My friend and I are already planning what we'll eat next time we go!
OHSO has really gotten its shit together! I love their crafty cocktails, my SO loves the endless beer list, and the food is fantastic. In the meantime, it's also become a McDonaldland playhouse for bratty Arcadia spawn. The last three times we've gone, there have been screaming (I mean, getting-beheaded-screaming) children and kids running loose all over the place, darting between tables like it's their personal playground. (Always a wise decision in the presence of drinking adults and servers carrying breakable and/or hot things.) Throw this on top of the fact that the place is intrinsically extremely loud, and you have a totally obnoxious experience. Next time we're craving the veggie burger and pork sandwich, it's takeout time.
Love coming here for brunch. When the weather is nice, I love to come here and sit in the patio. Everything on the brunch menu is $10 and it comes with a beer or a mimosa...can't beat that deal! My favorite dishes are the green chili breakfast burrito or the churrasco steak & egg. I used to always get their breakfast flatbread but they changed their flatbread few months ago to this much thicker cracker crust that my friends and I are not a fan of...please bring back the old flatbread crust!...it was so thin, crispy & yummy! Anyways, cool thing about this place is it's bike & dog friendly!
Great place. Great atmosphere, brews and food. Their own brews were good, as well as a large selection of craft beers from around the nation. Had the AZ Burger. Very good! Fries are just average, but the burger was moist, big and tasty.
Great back patio on a sunny day.  Super dog friendly -- water bowls, dog treats, and welcoming staff, so our labrador was a comfortable part of our dining party.  Chill atmosphere, very friendly (if a tad disjointed) service, good beer list, and we really liked our dishes (veggie burger and chile verde pork tacos).  I'll come back without a doubt.
We took mom there for little birthday party and sad that we did. The FLIES where every place, inside,  outside, should call the fly bar. Makes you think what in the kitchen. Won't be back.
Best spot for hard to find local AZ brew!!!

They also have a very cool Nano brew setup that every homebrewer would kill to have!

Good food, good atmosphere, and enough bikes on the patio to start your own hipster bicycle gang.
Weekend bike ride down the canal? Yes please. Especially when the reward at the end is a great brunch and a beer, or a huge mimosa, or 5, or whatever.
My friends and I love the pooch friendly backyard patio... just make sure to get there a bit earlier to grab a table because everyone else loves the patio too. 
Great vibe, friendly people, quality beer. Boom. And don't fall into the canal after you're done if that is your preferred route to and fro.
If you are Dog lover this is awesome place filled with great menu and beer. Great service and you get to bring your four legged friend :) Is this can get any better????
I took about a 7 month hiatus from OHSO.  I was dragged back kicking and screaming for a friend's birthday this last Friday.  

They have a happy hour which apparently ends at 6pm.  Fine.  We got there around 6:05 and ordered a few pitchers of beer.  I will continue to give them praise for their beer selection.  My beer was very tasty.

Our server came by and asked us if we'd like any appetizers to start with.  I had seen on the happy hour menu that they serve a pretzel cheese fondue type thing. During happy hour (which ends at 6), this app is like $3 or something.  It is now 6:13pm.  I ask if I can have the pretzel cheese fondue thingy....aaaannnd....wait for it...wait for it....our server says NO! 

I, of course, assume that there is some sort of miscommunication on my part.  I tell her that I fully recognize that I cannot have the pretzel fondue thingy for the $3 happy hour price.  It's 6:13 after all, and the happy hour ends at 6.  So I ask again.  AGAIN SHE SAYS NO!  

Undeterred and extremely desirous of the pretzel fondue thingy, I say, Look, I know I can't get it for $3.  Can't I pay you some exorbitant price and get it?  AGAIN SHE SAYS NO!!!  She says the pretzel fondue thingy is ONLY AVAILABLE DURING HAPPY HOUR.  WHAT?!  She then proceeds to tell me that I can wait until 10pm when Happy Hour starts again and order it.  WHAT?!  THE MICROWAVABLE PRETZEL FONDUE FAIRY IS TAKING A 4 HOUR BREAK OR SOMETHING?!  Ok. Ok. Ok.  I get that sometimes you can't order the thing you want.  I get it.  Breakfast at 10pm when you're not at a Denny's? Fine. I understand.  BUT THIS IS A PRETZEL!  A pretzel that was available 13 minutes ago and will be available in another 3 hours and 47 minutes!!!

Crestfallen, I ordered some pesto hummus, a cheese burger, and a couple more pitchers of beer.  All were perfectly fine.  But all I really wanted was my pretzel cheese fondue thingy.  I have never offered to pay more for something and been denied.  Like, literally never in my life.  Why OHSO? Why do you so desperately want me to hate you?
Wanted to update after doing the brewers experience. Thats right, I brewed my own beer at OHSO! So basically you sign up for one of the dates on their iphone app. They have a list of dates and then each date has a different type of beer. So porters, ipa's, amber, then some interesting specialty beers.  You pay but then they give you a gift certificate for the same amount back so it free then right? 

Anyway, expect to spend about 5 hours when you brew. Dave the head brewer was awesome and went through the whole process and answered any questions we had. Although you might think you are stuck making a plain old porter for example, they are great in embracing your creativity. You can add ingredients, make it more or less hoppy. You get to customize everything. Dave's first answer when asking about adding things is yes. He also explains why something might not work how you want and makes alternate suggestions. The brewing area is in the open so the whole time people were taking pictures and asking questions who were there eating dinner. 

This is pretty unique. Don't think i've ever heard of a place letting you brew your own beer and then letting you have it up on the board for sale.

So you get to brew your beer and then you name it and pick a tapping date. Thats right, your own beer will be for sale at OHSO. 

Oh by the way, you can eat and drink while your brewing. If you need beers or food they will have it brought over for you.

So lets recap fowks...You get to spend 5 hours brewing your own beer while drinking beer! Then you get to go back a month later and drink your own beer and see it proudly displayed on the beer list..
Although the staff is friendly, and the interior looked promising, as did the crowd, this brewery could do with a decent Chef to create tastier food.   The micro-brews were so-so.    Four Peaks wins by miles and miles.
I live really far from this part of town so it's been a struggle to get here.  We finally made it and I'm glad we did.  The restaurant is hip and laid-back.  We didn't sit in the patio but I noticed it was spacious and open to dogs - kind of like someone's back yard.  

My cider (from The Cider Mill) was DELICIOUS as were my fish tacos.  We shared the pumpkin cheesecake and that was yummy too.  This seems like to perfect spot to drink a lazy Saturday afternoon away.  I look forward to coming back.
Pros: Awesome selection of beers several of which are local. (I know; that's sort of a duh because it's a nanoBrewery). The food is really good, especially their flatbreads, and the staff is friendly and efficient. You can have your dog on the patio and they have treats and water for dogs which is fun. Overall, it's a good atmosphere and an awesome place to bring out of towners to show them a cool local spot. The other patrons are always nice and interesting as well. In fact, pretty much every time I've gone here one of us girls walks away with a date! Good to know for all of you single folks! 

Cons: Parking kind of sucks. They do have free Valet but of course you still have to tip. It's not that big of a deal because they do have an ATM inside (which does charge a ridiculously high interest rate for withdrawals of course!) but still, something to keep in mind. Also, I feel like every single time I go there one of the toilets is clogged. Again, not that big of a deal but a pain nonetheless. And lastly, yes, it's fun that dogs are allowed on the patio and granted I know this is out of the restaurant's control so I didn't let it factor my rating, but some of the people that bring their dogs here are really stupid and ironically not what I would call "dog people." In other words, it's hard to relax because you're constantly trying to keep your dog under control but also other people's dogs at bay as well. Not a good time in my book.
review to follow does not indicate dissatisfaction with OHSO. i still love the place, the beers, the patio, the location, the food. service on this occasion was far, far from expectations at OHSO. 

work happy hour. arrived with only a few minutes left. the waitress says, "ok guys, last call for happy hour, what'll you have" and then walked off. so we grabbed another server who seemed to be helping our previously arrived friends. the first waitress comes over and shoo's him off, asks again what we'd like and again, starts to walk off! what...???? we quickly call back for her and shout out our orders. the remainder of our experience that evening, she seemed frustrated with us and put out...never smiling once...which is unusual considering the stellar service we normally get. i understand she was trying to get last happy hour orders in, but all we needed was 5 seconds for her to write our drink orders. 

anyway, a one time fluke i think. of course we'll go back!
Orange Blossom is totes amaze, $6 Moscow Mules till 6pm, good food, great scenery, annnnnnnnd dog?! Yes please! Service and drinks in seconds?! Can't beat that!
Great patio, super dog friendly. And amazing food.  Their brisket is better than most BBQ joints and their fish and chips are amazing, and that coming from a person who doesn't like fish.
Back again, (two days ago) came here for my Birthday (november) and everything seemed fine, I'm starting to think its only the patio employees who are odd. (Being that we sat outside this time) Love this place and one of the managers who saw my last review reached out to me to try to make things right. I would like to give big props to Stuart for caring.

To start this experience off:

Sign read something along the lines of wait to be seated so we stood for about 30 seconds before a guy walking by said "uhhhh you guys doin alright?" Then said its open seating. We head to the patio.

The waitress came soon enough, then said "want a beer menu?" We obliged and she came to take our order quickly. She seems nice enough just ditzy, we ordered off the late night menu and asked for pepperoni on the flatbread pizza to which she replied "we don't have pepperoni." And that was the end of that. The menu did read something along the lines of "ask for pepperoni! its free!" or something like that. Not a HUGE deal. The food was great the beer was great (we only got to enjoy one each since she took our beer menu and left us hanging the rest of the time.

This experience wasn't by any means a "bad" one. I will continue to come here in the future. I am updating this review to a 4 star, this place has everyone going for it except the service issues (which arent completely horrible)

GREAT FOOD
FAIR PRICES
GREAT BEER
CLOSE TO MY HOME
SMALL PARKING LOT (although Ive always been able to find a spot so its not too bad)
MANAGEMENT APPEARS TO CARE ABOUT THE PATRONS EXPERIENCE

4 STARS.... 5 STARS once the service issues improve.
OHSO rita pizza... 5/5. Creamy cheese, flavorful pesto, crispy crust. Bomb ass. Cold local brews... mediteraen salad was just OK. Service was mixed. Very dog friendly spot. Come check this place out if youre in the area.
Food: Let me clarify, the food is inconsistent but the beer is always good. They have some really awesome dishes, but I get it once and it blows me away. I come in again and get it and it's "meh." I have been here quite a few times and a few of my favorites are the pastrami, the chorizo and potato flat bread, and skirt steak and fries. Really if I am being honest though, most of the time I am not going here for the food. I am going for the beer. 50 taps. Half from AZ half from elsewhere. Not only is it a good selection but they serve it in correct glassware and know how to pour beer. Huge pluses. Their signature cocktails are quite good as well. I really enjoyed the Arcadia (with bubbles) and lived the Mule, especially that it comes in a copper cup. 

Atmosphere: Good to great. The back patio is awesome great place to bring your dog and enjoy a few pints on a fall evening. They have misters in the summer and heaters in the winter. The indoor portion is nice as well. The tables are super interesting, the walls are decorated with bicycle parts and a giant chalkboard with their draft selections. 

Service: Decent. Nothing great nothing to write home about. A couple of times, gave a great huge tip because they were awesome. Never have felt like I shouldn't give on either. The biggest problem is parking. During the evening they have complimentary valet, but even then there have been a couple times I had to park in the neighborhood across the street and hoof it. No biggie though.
I have enjoyed OHSO several times. Love the food and the drinks. Love that it's right off the canal and is bike and dog friendly. However, what I really want to review is their event planning. They are the only place in town who would work with me when planning an event for 50-80 people in which they did not require a deposit or that we spend a specific amount per hour, and did not require us to buy off a specific menu. They did separate checks for EVERYONE! The staff was friendly and attentive to work with before and during the event. Their staff followed up with me all the way up until the event. They allowed us to take over a substantial portion of their patio, they were friendly, had staff working specifically with our tables, and had super speedy service. I highly recommend them!!! Our party goers only had glowing reviews!! Based on this experience, I am happy to give them my business and recommend them to everyone!
If you love craft beer this is the place for you! I recommend going at sunset and sitting on the back patio!
Came here for Sunday brunch with the boyfriend.  A little hungover from the night before... go figure.  If you can ride your bike or walk here, do that.  Parking was a nightmare.  No, I don't want to valet my car but thanks anyway.  $10 for a beer & a meal?  That is something I'm willing to invest in.

Given the parking situation, we figured the place would have major wait times... not the case.  We were seated immediately.  The inside looks like a hipster warehouse.  Is that a thing?  It is now.  Atmosphere is laid back.

Really nice beer selection.  There is something for everyone... and brunch was fantastic.  I had the churrasco steak & egg.  I don't know if it was my hungover state of mind but the proportion was perfect & the flavor was spot on.

After brunch, we walked out to the patio.  What a cute little spot.  I love how dog friendly everything is... they have a little dog washing station.  AW.  Adorable.  Can't wait to go back.  :)
New to Phoenix, my boyfriend and I enjoy custom brews and good, inexpensive dining. We found O.H.S.O in an online search of restaurants near our home. 

We were pleased when we arrived to see that this establishment is dog-friendly (providing water dishes, a spacious back patio, and homemade dog biscuits) since we are a two-tail family. While we did not bring our animals the first trip, we will in the future.

The atmosphere is cozy - well-lit but soft lighting; the music has a wide variety and is kept loud enough to hear but low enough to talk reasonably; the building is clean, modern, and has a good lay out; and heated patios (in the winter) are a nice bonus feature. The price, for a night out for two with drinks, was reasonable.

We were both pleased by the beer selection. The prices were a little high but not terribly so considering the place features local, small breweries. There was an average selection of food, although the menu is limited. I wished there'd been more options for vegetarian or vegan. The establishment could pull in a lot more business (and I'd be able to recommend to more friends) if they offered more than one veggie burger and a few salads for vegetarian/vegan selections. Of the veggie burger (which I had)... delicious and moist, very flavorful. My boyfriend hoovered his fish and chips to indicate how pleased he was with the meal.

All-in-all, I'd recommend this place and return.
We've been here twice in the last few months and both experiences were fabulous!

The first was a happy hour for our friend who brewed a house beer with the brewery.  This was very unique to try his beer and we sat on the patio in a large group. We only tried the green chili dip which was delicious.  I loved the local beer selection especially the Papago orange blossom and four peaks hefe!!!

We returned a week ago for a birthday dinner and sat inside.  It was a lot more mellow and quiet inside. This time I ordered the pork tacos which were very good and seemed homemade.  It comes with a nice bowl if pork with a slaw, a bowl of yummy salsa, 5 tortillas, a dish of guac!

Amazing understated friendly service both times.  You can tell they like eating at thier restaurant!
great local spot, a hidden gem if you will. great place to bring the dogs, menu is decently priced and the food is delicious. not to mention the service, fantastic. i have every intention or returning. well done!
Great beer, great food, and if you are a dog lover..the most pet friendly restaurant ever!  Service is fantastic too. This is one place where we will go every trip to Phoenix.  My dog is craving O.S.H.o dog biscuits!
Eat at home and come here for a great beer selection. Food looks good online but is disappointing to say the least.
We were looking for a place to have an early dinner my kids and I on our way to the airport. Great place. Excellent service and creative food.
I drove by Phoenix driving back to California from Sedona.  I was hungry so I looked up a bar/ restaurant with TV where I can watch the Sunday games.  O.H.S.O was the first thing that popped on my yelp search.

I parked right in front of the restaurant in the restaurant parking lot.  I walked in and seated myself at the bar.  I ordered some beer and ordered an Arizona burger.  The bar tender wasn't too friendly... she seemed to be a bit of a stuck up. It looked like everyone seated at the bar were regulars and maybe that's why I didn't feel so welcomed but, that really shouldn't be the kind of service that I should be getting regardless.

What saved it was the burger.  The Arizona Burger was OH SO GOOD!  If I lived in Phoenix, I'd probably come back for the burger even though the service sucks.  Who knows maybe the other servers are nicer!
Neither my hubby or I liked this place. Our food was not tasty- we were thinking, "jeez-I'm paying someone to cook this??" And although my hub liked his beer, I didn'tike mine. We'll go elsewhere.
The brunch is delicious and has a good price. Mimosas and brunch for $10.86 a price that can't be beat.
I'm long overdue for a review for this place - my favorite bar in Arizona. As a craft beer fan (I try not to say "snob"...), I'm overwhelmed with a place with this good a selection of beers that I've never tried before or are worth trying again. In addition to the ones they brew themselves (which are quite good), they also have a terrific selection of locals and from elsewhere, on draft. I get sample sizes when  I have the time, a pint when I don't. Happy hour is $6 for a pitcher (roughly 2.5 pints) for local Arizona brews. I've been here for happy hours, dinners, and late drinks with friends and have had a quality experience every time. To their credit, for a craft beer place they have a decent selection of mixed drinks and some wines. For food, I've been pleased with chicken sandwiches (very tender), the Sunday all-you-can-eat bbq, and appetizers. The food is decent enough given that the focus is on the beer (in my opinion). Servers have been quite knowledgeable about the beers. Atmosphere is kick-back casual, with a bright interior with various types of places to sit - booths, bar, tables, patio. Patio is dog-friendly. Parking can be tight but I've parked across the (rather busy) street (i.e., across Indian School), and it's not that big a deal.  So far the only matches for beer selection are World of Beer (Tempe and Gilbert); Angel's Trumpet (which has no happy hour and the food is so-so at best); and 1702 (Tucson).
I love this place. Simply put, it's a brewery with great food. The beer menu changes often but the food is consistent.The great thing about OHSO is that it's multi purpose. Sometimes i come to eat dinner, sometimes I come to drink a lot of beer and other times I'll come for the amazing Mimosa brunch.

All of the beers I have tasted have been delicious and the variety of creative brews does not exist elsewhere in the area. As far as the food goes I've had their BBQ burger and their churasco steak and eggs brunch dish. Both of which I would rate 5 stars and the brunch special (an entree with a very large mimosa for $10) is one of the best deals in all of Phoenix.

In addition to great food and great beer, this place is dog friendly, you can bring your dog on the patio, they have water dishes and they even make free doggie biscuits that my dog absolutely loves. That's an extra touch that secures the 5th star for this truly unique establishment. OHSO has become my go to neighborhood bar/brewery and the 1st place I think of when I want to grab a beer.
OHSO is one of my favorite spots! 

They have an excellent beer list that changes quite often. Everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious, I recommend the green chile dip and the brisket sandwich. Beyond the food and the beer, the employees are the real reason I keep coming back. I have never had anything but excellent service here.

If you're looking for great beer, food, and people OHSO is the place to be!
I had the beginning festivities of my 21st birthday party at OHSO. We had a dinner and were able to reserve tables for my group. They were very easy to work with and even let us set out decorations and bring our own cake!! Some places don't let you bring outside food in - so it was so great that they let us bring our own cake because it was custom made and beautiful. OHSO has the best mojitos I have ever had. They have a great atmosphere outside in the back which is where we were. The food is awesome. I would definitely make it a regular spot to eat and drink
For Xmas My wife and I were given a brewing session where we could assist a couple of their brewers in brewing a batch of beer. The two fellows that walked us through the process were Dave and Jeff. Super nice guys and very knowledgable. If you are in to beer, I highly recommend checking this out. It came with brunch and a couple of beer tastings. The breakfast burritos are awesome and as always a wide beer selection.
I took my Man out to brew and dine him, so we brew hoped and this was our first stop.  We came here first because the food looked to be the best of all our planned stops.  We ordered the brew plate and there was a lot to share.  I liked everything, well except the cheese crackers, I don't like crackers that hurt my teeth and are not very flavorful.  Some of the items were ok some were really good.  The brie was legit, creamy creamy, the salami and prosciutto were great, the potato chip gouda was really good, the pita went well with everything, fruit roll up was awesome.  Some of the things on the plate I was a little meh about was the strawberry cream cheese stuff, it tasted great, but like flavored cream cheese I could get from the grocery store, same with the nuts, they didn't do anything to make them special, the eggplant was too sweet.  As far as the beer, 5 stars, the Hubby is an IPA fan so there were three he liked the angry bastard being his favorite and the dragoon being so-so, but not bad.  I sampled the stout, oh it was great!    Our waitress was very nice!
What a great place! I've heard about it so much, and finally got to give it a try. The owner and manager so generously hosted Desert Harbor Doberman Rescue for a happy hour - and they donated 15% during that time period to the rescue - what wonderful people! Our waitstaff was so friendly and helpful - the place was crazy packed, obviously this is the place to be. They are incredibly dog friendly and a lot of people came there on bikes. A lot of people in our group really liked the food they ordered. Really, really good fries. I ordered off the kids menu and didn't love the chicken fingers (kind of a processed taste), but I think that is what I get for ordering off the kids menu - that is probably what kids like. :) So happy that I got to try out OHSO.
Driven past here a few times and it's always busy! Finally had lunch there and it was terrific! Sat out on the back patio too which is wonderful. Had an energetic vibe to it and it's fun to see all the happy dogs too! I had the spicy green chili burrito and husband had the smoked brisket. Both were excellent! Great price too. His was $12 and mine was $10. Lots of super fun beers, but it's the patio and fun service that makes this place great. Well done!
This is my favorite watering hole in the Phoenix area. I have been going to OHSO for the past 7 months and every time has been a great experience. All the staff is friendly and the food/beer selection is amazing. The back patio is my favorite part, because of all the furry customers (dogs). I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to have a quick beer, nice date, family dinner or just getting together with friends.
The beer just keeps getting better and better. One of their newest brews is a red ale called Bock at the Moon. I highly recommend getting a pitcher of it and not sharing with anybody...because it's delicious...make them get their own pitcher! And it's only $6 on happy hour, you really can't beat that deal. 

As for food, check out the flatbreads. The Pisa is amazing as well as the Grilled Chicken Flat

Prost!
This place has amazing flat breads! Loved their beer sampler options and the patio for dogs was very unique (to bad I don't have a dog!) I will need to come back soon.
This place is awesome!  Great happy hour, great brunch Sat & Sun, great neighborhood spot all around and the patio is dog friendly!  Food is always delicious and some of the best beer selections in town (they have some crazy amount of offerings on tap).  

I hosted a party here on their front patio, great space!  The catering menu's are a great option for groups and everything is just as delicious as the regular menu items.  The staff was amazing in the planning process making a point to sit down with me one-on-one to put a menu together and see that my vision was carried out.  For this particular event, I had some specific requests and without  flinching an eye, was taken care of.  On the day of the party, the room was set and the service was nothing short of fabulous.  Love this place!  OHSO staff=Rockstars!
I enjoy myself some good craft beer and really liked this place. If you can and enjoy stouts, I definitely recomment trying the OHSO stout, my boyfriend also REALLY liked their Imperial IPA. I also LOVED the ambiance at this place, very chill and laid back, there are bicycles decorations and pictures of doggy visitors all over the back patio (which, by the way is THE place to sit ). 
They have a changing beer menu and carry not only their own, but plenty of beers from other local breweries and some from not-so-local, like Japan!
If you're in the area, or want to bring your dog with you to enjoy a brew, GO HERE. Seriously, great atmospher, great beer, nice staff.... need I say more?
I visited OHSO three times before deciding to write this review to ensure what I feel is a fair review. Unfortunately, my experience was the same all three visits. Mediocre food at best. In all honesty I can only rate the food based upon one visit as the second visit I did not eat, and the third time the service was so bad we canceled our order and left. The service was terrible no matter if it was slow, busy, or somewhere in between. I am not sure what these four and five star reviews find so appealing about this establishment, however I found it a very unpleasant experience. There are too many superior ale houses, gastro pubs, and breweries in the area to waste time here.
If you serve Papago Orange Blossom, I'm probably going to give you 4 stars for that alone. This says more about how much I love Papago Brewery than it does about O.H.S.O., but that's how good this beer is. 

Another thing I love? Cream cheese. And at O.H.S.O., they put that on a burger. I can't tell you how good this combo is. It's mouthwatering. Honestly, nothing else I've tried was worth ordering again. That cream cheese, jalapeño burger ruined me. It is so good, that I have to stay away from this place unless I want to start exclusively wearing pants with elastic waistbands.
This place is quickly becoming our favorite bar. Been here 3 times so far and every time I keep finding something awesome about this place that makes me love it more. 

1. It's right off the canal and 48th bike trails so easy to get to from Old Town and Arcadia on bike. 
2. They have a nice 'backyard style' patio that you can bike upto, they have locks you can borrow and they have awesome bike decor all around that is also functional (bike wheels that are actually fans, bike chains that make up some lighting). 
3. It's a dog friendly patio (I counted 15 dogs last time!) 
4. Great crowd and beers!

Never ate inside yet but the patio is the place to be, awesome views of Camelback, great people and dog watching and on Sundays you can enjoy their all you can eat BBQ for $15 (and it's a lot of food!). 

They have a lot of my favorite beers on tap including an Orange Blossom beer by the folks at Papago Brewery.

Pricing is great on draft beers and I felt like for the experience and delicious food we ate the pricing is spot on. 

Go check it out and send me a message on what you thought of it because I think there needs to be more places like this around Central Phoenix!
Have been to this place during lunchtime.  The service was great and always friendly.  The food is great, from burgers to the flat bread pizza.  Great selection of micro brews as well.  Don't know what to order just ask the wait staff is very beer friendly.
I got here before all of my friends and went to the bar to wait for them. The bartender was awesome and let me try a couple of beers before I finally picked one. This was really nice of him because 1- i'm not a fan of beer 2- i'm extremely picky. this is a difficult combination but he was really cool and probably would have let me try the whole selection if i asked. 

When my friends finally got here, we went to sit down and we ordered food. Everyone was really happy with their food. I tried the pizza and sweet potato fries and they were really good. Definitely a fun place to hang out.

Minus one star for horrible parking. they have valet which is nice but i really would just like to park my own car.
I am a big fan of O.H.S.O. Brewery & Eatery for many reasons. It has a very chill, hangout vibe to it; much more casual that a normal restaurant but nicer than a typical bar. They have a lot of different kind of seating which is nice so you can go with just two or large groups comfortably. They have a very large selection of rotating taps, including many other local Arizona brewery beers from Tempe, to Tucson to Sedona. They're happy hour apps. aren't amazing to be honest, but the price of pitcher beers is! I can't pick out a single favorite beer since they do have so many, so pick a few from the menu and have fun.
My new favorite place. When we arrived there was a wait but we were able to find a seat at the bar to grab a few drinks. Service was phenomenal and their beers were fantastic. They also had a nice selection of other AZ beers. 

Food was phenomenal! I had the shrimp tacos and my fiancé had the beef brisket. Both were fantastic! 

On our way out they had some homemade treats for our dog children. 

I can't wait to go back!
This place is alright. Parking is so crowded you need to valet. Food is all pretty good. I've tried flat breads and burgers. The service inside is great, and because of this I'd happily come here when it's not so crowded (lunch or weekday dinner). However, on weekend nights it is disgustingly crowded. Last night we thought we'd try out the patio. Big mistake. There is a bar in the middle of it so that is the focus. It smells like a frat house, like beer spilled on the floor long ago and smoke (Is it legal to smoke in restaurants in AZ? Yuck. Is this 1985?). I wouldn't recommend the back patio unless you're trying to relive your frat days.
My favorite place to drink in Arcadia...or maybe in Arizona. Great beer list (rotating), great atmosphere (as long as you're on the back patio or near the front. Middle of the restaurant? Not so much. 

I didn't like the old food/menu, but it seems they upgraded and I hear good reviews about the food now. A great place to ride your bike as well and extremely dog friendly.
Sometimes you wake up on a sunday and say to yourself, good lord I need something to help me through what i did last night. If thats the case you probably woke up right around 11 am, and your feeling a brunch coming on. When that's the case I've been fond of stopping in at O.H.S.O. They have a great brunch menu, a pet friendly patio, and the brunch includes a mimosa to take the edge off.

And if your really feeling it stick around, they do a all you can eat barbecue that will fill you up with one plate easy. 

I recommend you grab a friend and split the sockeye salmon, and the breakfast wrap you'll end up with the best of two worlds.
This is the greatest place. Huge beer selection. Great patio and it allows dogs and even has baggies with home made doggie biscuits to take as you leave. 

Good food, casual place, central location. 

I highly recommend.
This is a great neighborhood pub - especially if you like craft brew.  If you are that Bud Light kinda guy/gal this place is not for you.  If you love beer, casual atmosphere, great food pub food, and outdoor seating then this is a great spot!
The only reason the parking suck is because this place is popular for good reason.
-fun place to gather friends
-good food, beers and apps
-a bit to 'neighborhoodish' but love the dog atmosphere
Cool place.
Good Burgers.
Also on sundays you can bring your dog to mingle with others. Pretty cool.
From the moment we sat down the waitress had a huge bad attitude. During the 20 minutes we tried to order we did nothing but shake our heads in disbelief at her crap attitude. Beyond that, the bar manager informed us well over half the beer selection wasn't available because they had started cleaning their taps too early..

Total disappointment.
Stopped by for lunch and had the mahi and chips.  Had to return to work so unfortunately could not enjoy a cold beer. But, back patio provided a relaxing and welcoming atmosphere.
This is by far my favorite bar!  the back patio is where you want to sit. Great atmosphere, large beer selection, and great for winos like myself too!  I love coming here for weekend day drinking the best.  It gets very busy so often the tables are all taken but if you give it 5 minutes normally a table will open up.  Great food too. I love the white bean dip as an appetizer. And the veggie flatbread is probably my favorite meal there. I always take any visiting friends and family here! And always my pooch :)

This is a great place for people who love riding bicycles to the bar and/or have dogs!  They have free u-locks to borrow for your bike and it backs up to the canal so great for biking to and from. They also have water dishes for your dog, as well as homemade dog treats.  There's hooks to connect your leash to. Really awesome bar!!
Great beer selection, great menu selection.  Went there last night (a Friday around 7).  We had a reservation so we were sat right away.  
However, it took our server at least 7 minutes to greet us (we all had empty beers or hadn't had any beers at all by that time).  When he finally did greet us, it took at least another 10 minutes to get our beers.  The whole night went that way.  We started ordering two beers at a time to make up for the lag in service.  It was disappointing since the atmosphere, beer and food were great. It also took the server 10 minutes after we placed a beer reorder to tell us that one of the kegs had blown and our beer selection was no longer available.  I was afraid to order something else I'm fear that it might take another 10 minutes to finally get my beer.
This was my husband and my first time there.  I have to say I may try it again but not at a busy time,  because I hate slow service.
Cool atmosphere, and nice beer selection (duh). Had the steak tacos. Food was good but not great. But I'd try something else again. Worst part was the parking situation. They have an all valet service that got backed up and took a while.
First time getting up to O.H.S.O, was very excited to try it out.  Seating was quick inside, back patio was a long wait, unless you had a dog with you like the guy ahead of us....

Beers were good, my wife had the beet salad and really enjoyed it.  I had the steak tacos, they had a bit of a kick, very tasty.  Kids ate the flatbread pizza, and really enjoyed it.  

Took a look at the back patio, it was packed and full of dogs - I'm really not a fan of animals at restaurants, but understand it is the choice of the establishment.  This was one of the main reasons we are inside.

While leaving, we had to endure a very large crowd of smokers huddled two feet from the  main entrance - wasn't a pleasurable experience for non-smokers.  

Valet parking only, but was quick. Still, it does hand the "please tip our valet" sign pit there, and most of us dish out a little, so it's not free parking.

If you have kids, this may be a place you pass up for the moment - I know we won't be back for some time, which is a shame, I really like the idea, the food and beers, but dogs and smokers can keep it as their own -
I went today with a friend of mine, we sat at the back patio, the staff here are friendly and very hard working! The prices were great and the food/drinks were fabulous! The views from the back patio are very nice. I really enjoyed this place and I will definitely be back! There is valet parking, but I don't think it is mandatory if you can find a spot on your own, but that would be hard to do. They are also dog friendly, there were at least a dozen dogs. They get their own treats and a bowl of water too!
Simply amazing. Their hamburgers are the best in town. Overall very solid menu and great atmosphere.
If you're going for beer and sunshine, by all means, go. If you're looking for friendly, personable and helpful service and bartenders, there are TONS of other cool-vibe and delicious- casual friendly places to eat  (close by and in old town Scottsdale).
Best thing on the menu is the cheese burger.-all their food tastes fresh. But to hang out, mingle, check out the dogs and enjoy the sunshine, you will wait forever for a drink, forever to get the bartender's attention...you begin to feel like a crank because you and your group starts to complain about the poor service--it's better to get drinks somewhere else OR get a table. Even when you have a table, the servers are super slow. I won't spend one more dime or hour of mine here ever again.
Saturday morning brunch in the back patio. 

Let's leave it at that.

Love this place.
Adding another star for the very nice reply I received per the business - always welcome to see a business working with its patrons.

The smoking situation is still something that should be dealt with, there wasn't anywhere to avoid it on the way out of the establishment.  Allowing the smoking to continue so close to the entrance will cause issues when someone comes along and reports it - for the effort that appears to have been put into this business, I hope there is a solution worked out that allows people to smoke away from the entrance. 

I understand the parking, it's not an easy location to resolve, and that is what it is.
A charming little brew pub that we stopped at for lunch.  The patio is unique with a prime view of Camelback Mountain, as well as a bike lot for people to enter off the canal trail.

The place serves a selection of traditional pub fare, along with some gourmet selections.  The also feature locally crafted beer and wines, in addition to a full bar.

I tried one of the flatbread pizzas, while my guests had the pork tacos and the veggie burger.  The food was fresh and flavorful, and we all enjoyed our meals.

I do, however, think that some of their prices are a bit ambitious, and rival higher class places in downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale. For example the flatbread pizzas are priced at the level of some authentic gourmet pizza places like Pomo and La Piazza Locale, which are way out of their league.

As far as the pub part, I cannot comment on since I was at a working lunch and therefore could not indulge.
I live right down the street; the food is flawless; the beer is great; the happy hour is awesome ($6 local pitchers); and the people are always nice and happy. 

They have plenty of vegetarian options, and are eager to make substitutions. I crave their sweet potato fries more often than I'd like. Also, the veggie burger is their own hand-made patty and it's freaking delicious.

It's a very laid-back atmosphere. They have a few flat screens at the top of the bar, so you can sit outside and watch sports. It's also my favorite spot to puppy-watch! Most people who sit in the back patio have their dog with them. 

If you go during happy hour, I recommend you try the happy hour food. The pretzels are super soft and the cheese dip is great, and I love their hummus + cucumbers app.
The service was cheerful and friendly-- the food was perfect...tasty and fresh. The mimosas are tasty!
Yep.  This place is as good as it gets.  When I lived in Tempe, Boulders on Broadway was my friendly neighborhood bar.  Now that I have a more permanent location in the Arcadia area this is where I go.  A quick bike ride up the 48th street greenbelt and im there! 

As everyone says, the back patio is awesome.  I spend the majority of my time here.  Love seeing all the different dogs and love all the local beer choices.  I am currently drinking quite a bit of dragoon IPA which they seem to always have on tap.  The prices are fair and the food is great.  I like their small bites menu for late night munchies.  A couple beers split up with a pretzel makes for a good night.

  If you have friends in town and want to show them a little local flavor, check this place out.  So many local beers and they also micro-brew in house.  The back patio shows off our great weather, their menu features local ingredients such as the yucca chips.  This place is the epitome of your local bar.
Had the Arizona burger and the brisket and they were excellent. We drank the Arcadia and the Jensen and we loved them. The atmosphere was great and the service was incredible. Our server was Megan and she was impressive and pleasant. We had a great time and we'd come back again in a heartbeat.
The patio is a rocking with beer and dog lovers as OHSO has clearly ingrained themselves in the neighborhood.  Warning: you will envision yourself as a dog owner. Aside from the libations, are the well behaved canines lifting our spirits?

For the re-review, food quality is consistently good. Try the tacos or hearty cheese board.  Eats are reasonably priced too. 

I also enjoyed an excellent tequila cocktail: the Jensen. That refreshing drink with a jalepeno bite will be enjoyed again this summer. A tiny slip up is the bar did made a gimlet with sour mix; a minor faux pas as we should all go there for the BEER! 

This fun bike destination does get crowded; enjoy midweek to get over the hump!
I thought food was good.  I particularly liked being able to sit outside.  Lots of seating.   Just a bit loud on the night I was there but, despite the crowd, service was fast enough.
Got there Friday night, atmosphere was good,  restaurant parking lot was packed, valet parking was available but we found a spot. Seated right away, waiter came and took our order, took a very long time  (20+ minutes) to get our appetizer of spinach and crab dip with veggie chips. 

Two minutes after we got our appetizer, the waiter brought out our main meal. I told him we just got our appetizer and now the meal is going to be cold, he said he could stick it in the broiler until we're ready because he tried to time the appetizer and meal but the kitchen was behind. We declined and ate.

The appetizer was way tastier than the main meal, I got a burger and fries, boyfriend got the grilled cheese with bacon. We both agreed it was meh, and having to flag down the waiter so we could request refills on our drinks was kind of sucky.

Had a couple of beer samples, the first one the glass wasn't even half full. The second third and fourth were filled to the top, but we weren't charged for the first one. We were there around 8pm and another sample we requested was already out, kind of surprising for a brewery on a Friday night.

Three out of five for the atmosphere and our dogs loved the free dog treats, may have rated higher if we had gone another time.
The closest thing to Oregon I have found in Arizona. This bar has a very Eugene/Austin/Bend feel to it that is hard to come by in the desert.
Wow - this place was absolutely PACKED on Friday night. After the essentially mandatory valet {bleh}, we waited about 30 minutes for a front patio table, as we had our dog in tow and couldn't sit inside. The back patio was an hour+ , but I wouldn't have wanted to be there anyway. We came to eat and the back patio was really full and more of a bar scene. 

My husband ordered a beer and the server was really pushy to get me to order a drink. I finally snipped "I'm driving" and he stopped asking "are you sureeeee you don't want a drink? a mimosa? a beer?" every 4 minutes. My husband appreciated the beer selection and found a couple IPAs he liked. Prices were in line with normal beer prices in the area, about $5 a pint.

We ordered the Arizona burger and a regular cheeseburger. I was extremely underwhelmed. The fries weren't good, the pickle tasted weird and the beef was not properly seasoned. You can order "pink" or "not pink" {aka well done or mooing}, which is stupid. I would much rather have a {cheaper} burger from The Stand just down the road. 

In an attempt to redeem our visit, I ordered a slice of the caramel apple pie {$7, brought in from Pie Snob}. It took way too long to come out and was again, underwhelming. So disappointing. 

I wanted to like this place, as we love beer pubs and supporting local businesses, but it just didn't do it for me. I am unlikely to return.
When they say it's "Dog friendly" they aren't kidding! We thought we'd be turned away since we didn't have Roxy with us! HAHA Great people/dog watching patios!
Ok, so I've been back a few times - couple for brunch and once for happy hour since my last review.  

Overall, the foods mediocre and I noticed they serve the beer colder now.  I do appreciate the beer selection (the white chocolate one is my favorite, sweet but not too sweet like so many others!).  The shrimp tacos are passable, salmon flatbread brunch thing was ok.  Same with German sausage plate.  

My favorite and the one dish I feel like beats other restaurants is the french toast.  This is the only thing I've found that would make me go - I would like to go to OHSO!
First time at this very popular place! We tried to get a seat on the back patio as the weather was beautiful - but it was a 45 min. wait! Our tummy's just couldn't wait that long so inside it was. But all was good. Our waiter was awesome. When we told him it was our first time at O.H.S.O., he gave us a 'tour' of the happy hour menu, explaining the beers, and just generally answered every question before we could ask.

The happy hour starter of thai-spiced hummus was so good! (I almost embarrassed myself by liking the bowl to get every last bit!) The beet salad followed, and as I usually do, I asked for the dressing on the side. It came with EVERYTHING on the side. I don't know if that's how they always serve it, but the spinach/greens on the plate, surrounded with little bowls containing the red and yellow beets, tomatoes, pecans, goat cheese, dressing. I piled everything on, drizzled on the dressing, and dug in. Very, very good. Fresh greens, the tomatoes tasted like tomatoes, beets yummy and the dressing flavorful. The brisket sandwich was huge! Half was taken home for lunch the next day. Flavorful bbq sauce. The menu indicates this this a staff choice and my son concurred! The spicy green chile pulled pork sandwich and jalapeno slaw was tasty, too! None left to take home, it was that good!

Good selection of beers and other libations. The flights are inexpensive and a great way to taste some of those beers you aren't too sure about!

Our waiter told us that another O.H.S.O is coming to the Paradise Valley Mall area...but didn't know when. That'll be awesome! 

Another great find. Can't wait to go back!
I have been to OHSO a few times and it never disappoints.  The Sandwiches are great and you can add a BONUS burger and fried egg to any sandwich to make it something truly special. (You Really Can!)
There is an ASS LOAD of great LOCAL CRAFT BEER ON TAP and they even have their own micro brewery making beers that serve the clientele in their own back yard.
VERY COOL.
Lastly, the DOG FRIENDLY PATIO is super sweet!  Try this place ASAP!
Be prepared to wait. Went on a weekday night. Wasnt too busy. We ordered and did not get our food until exactly one hour after placing it. We were then told our meal would be "taken care of" only to be told later by Stuart that this was not the case. As a dog lover, i wanted to like this place. the food was pretty good, but i cant recommend a place that requires an hour after placing an order, apologizes by promising to comp the meal and then changes course when the check comes. Too bad. Would have loved to have been regulars there. Nice patio; sub par service.
The craft beer is delicious, the bar leads to open patio which is nice concept. the food was great and reasonably priced. Our bar service was friendly and very attentive.
Haven't tried the food, but really liked the beer and sangria. Great place to take dogs. OHSO thinks of everything. They have dog showers, water bowls, homemade dog treats, carabiners at each table so you can hook the leash to it and relax. All in all, it was a great experience and I look forward to going back.
Over the weekend I had been told about this great new, slightly trendy brewery called OHSO,so when my friend was looking for somewhere to go for St. Patrick's Day that would not be as crazy as the traditional Irish pubs, I suggested we try here.  The friend that referred me to OHSO did let me know that he had encountered some difficulty with their texting system for seating people, so to be aware of some technical difficulties, but that the food, beer, service, etc. made up for it.
As I was a few minutes away, my friend texted me that parking was difficult, but that there was valet and that helped.  I arrived about 10 minutes after her and sat in front of the valet station (where I was almost backed into by someone in a handicap spot right next to the valet who didn't notice a car 1 foot behind his/her bumper and required me to hold my horn down to prevent a t-boning incident in the parking lot).  I sat at the valet station for ~ 5 minutes waiting to be acknowledged while I watched the valets run back and forth to help other people.  At first I thought I was being punished for honking my horn (& keep in mind that since I couldn't move my car, neither could the person trapped in the handicap spot, even though I had scooted as far forward as possible to still be by valet and try to let the car out).  Finally a valet approached my car and told me that they had closed valet service (keeping in mind it was 7:30 p.m.) and that I could go to the back and try to find something myself.  
I'm glad someone finally told me, but to close so early, what???
So, I drove to the back to fight for parking, which was restricted, annoying, and now had made me late to dinner because of my wait time, etc.
But, all of that aside, I decided to go in and enjoy my meal.  I wasn't sure if it would be crowded due to the holiday and there appeared to be an event (meet-up type?) outside with people in green & name tags, but my friend had already been seated and the restaurant itself did not look that crowded.
I ordered a soda, a drink, and a meal.  For some reason, any type of beverage appeared to be something my server could not remember, as my soda was thrown down as an afterthought and I had to remind him about my drink, which came about mid-meal.  So much for ordering additional beverages throughout the night!
I should have probably ordered a burger, but thought I would order the chicken salad sandwich to balance out my fries (it made logical calorie sense in my head, I swear).  The fries were passable, but the sandwich was probably something I could have done at home.
My friends swear that I need to give this place another chance and despite our service, the valet drama, and the semi-o.k. food, I'm not sure if this will be on the top of  my list for a while until I decide to maybe return and try a burger??
My hubby and I came here because we had a gift certificate.  The beer selection seemed to include a lot of fruit centered beers.  They do offer brews other than what they make here.  The atmosphere of OHSO was very hip and industrial and it was quite cool to see the brewers in action right behind our table.  Gotta love the fresh scent of wort!  We started with the green chili bean dip which was very tasty, but it didn't come with nearly enough pita bread to finish all the dip.  The barbeque beef sandwich I ordered was so saucy that the sauce masked any flavor of the beef.  It was absolutely huge and the bun was huge as well so I ended up taking the top bun off altogether and eating it with a fork.  All in all, we decided the drive to this place was a little too long to really make us want to stop in again.  As my hubby would say, we wouldn't "crave" anything from OHSO.
Trendy mini brewery/restaurant.  Great selection of brews and wine for you to choose...$6 pitchers during happy hours.  They also have a wide selection of food menu, from main course to burgers to tacos and vegetarian options.  A great place to go with friends to enjoy a game.  They also have a pet friendly patio.  I would recommend making a reservation during typical busy hours and large groups.
Try the hot pastrami, super good!!!
Went here for a Sunday brunch and had a great time. The menu is limited but you get a mimosa or beer included with your meal. The wait was not long and I loved the atmosphere outside. Food was great! 

Be aware you must valet...it is complimentary but I felt lousy without a giving a tip so had to get a few bucks off my cousin since I didn't have any cash on me!
What's not to love about this place? You can do your own brewing, taste the best picks of the week, super cool backyard area that borders the canal (one day the canals in phx/scottsdale will be like San Antonio...don't get me started) perfect for a run or ride up to soak up some hand crafted suds and enjoy the hospitality. This place works very well right now. Right now as in the weather is perfect and not uncomfortably warm...that comes in June-October.
If you like really, really good beers and a great patio, there is none better..... (Make sure you hit the BACK patio, not the one out front.....).   We did Camelback Mtn in the morning and got here about 1:00...just in time for their $6.00 happy hour mini pitchers....   Both made for a great day....
This place has a really cool vibe. Sunday mornings are great for hang-over breakfast. And any weeknight (when it is not too busy) is great for patio dining. The patio is dog-friendly, which I appreciate. Oh, and the food... the food is delicious. I get the OHSO salad with steak. Very good. The tacos are also pretty bomb. They serve Omission gluten free beer - a huge plus for me! I would give it 5 stars if it didn't get so incredibly crowded Sunday mornings. But then again, pretty much every breakfast place in Arcadia is packed on Sunday mornings. Sigh, oh well.
Pretty ok. I had been wanting to try this place and was in the area today. Had the pastrami sandwich and it was very yummy. Interesting ambiance. Definitely feels like a bar inside. Patio dining much better. Very casual. Good beer selection. Our server Megan didn't seem to like us very much...  I like it when we have a friendly and fun server. Won't go out of my way to come back. Prefer San Tan and Four Peaks.
I visited O.H.S.O for the first time on Sunday, meeting some friends for brunch. We sat outside on the patio. They have lots of umbrellas available so there is plenty of shade.

Their brunch menu is not huge but they have a list of items all for $10 and it includes a beer or a mimosa so not a bad deal. I ordered the breakfast pizza which was a flatbread with eggs, cheese, chorizo and arugula. The portion was large - I ended up bringing half of it home with me. The mimosa was a good size too - it was served in a wine glass, not just a skimpy champagne flute.

The breakfast pizza had a really great flavor and was a nice lighter breakfast, even with the chorizo - I didn't feel weighed down afterwards. I tried a bite of my friend's French toast, too. It was good but really sweet. I was glad I had the pizza.

The wait staff was friendly but not super attentive. My friend had to ask three times to get a refill on her water. 

But other than that, everything was great and I would definitely go back.
I would come back here everyday if I could.   Too bad I live across the country, can you open one in Boston?  This is a perfect spot for dog owners, which I am.  

So much beer, so much great food, so many wonderful dogs!   I met some friends here while on a business trip and I had no idea what a gem this was from the front.  As soon as you walk in, there's this great outdoor patio, great inside area and as you continue to the back patio, it opens up to a whole new world!

The beer was fantastic.  Craft brewed, and I ordered a small pitcher of amber on my own.  I got a burger and fries and it was juicy, tasty and went perfectly with the beer.  One of my friends ordered fish taco's and I had the pleasure of taking a bite.   Yep, I'll be getting those next time.

Fantastic place and I will come back any chance I get!
The whole dog prints everywhere and dog treats at the front, made me pretty hesitant, I mean dogs and food together?? Weird.

However, I didn't see a single dog there, mind you it was Friday night. We were able to get a table for four quickly with no problem. I really enjoyed the atmosphere it's very homey and cozy and not too fancy. 

The food and drinks came quickly and our server was awesome. My friend and I each ordered some ohso brews. Mine, the white elephant was super hoppy so I didn't like it and it never said that it would be in the description. My friend got the groovy and it was watery tasting, yuck! 

To eat, I had the brisket which was great! The crunchy onions and sauce just make it. My friend who also ordered the brisket, had her bun come out burnt. It's not that hard to toast a bun dudes... Our other friends had the chicken sandwich and they said it was awesome.

I would come here again, despite the dogs but next time I'll stick to water!
We stopped here for Sunday brunch and had no idea how cool it was. It was incredibly busy so we had to wait awhile and when we did order our waitress had no idea what beer was out but it was still yummo! We had a great time and our daughter at the entire french toast, which was awesome! Wish it was closer to this side of town for us, but it was still super fun, will be back if we are on that side of town again!
Sunday all you can eat BBQ (3:00-7:00)...good stuff. It's worth saving up breakfast and lunch for. The flights of beer samples are a great deal too.
Ok I felt that I had to update my review of OHSO.  I've been here 2 more times since my first review.  I didn't care for the fact that a brewery only had a few beers to choose from. But what got me to come back here for two more times even though I don't live close to here was their awesome patio and the way they always change their beer menu. They print the beer menu every day and on my last visit I finally had my two dogs with us so they could also enjoy the patio. They also love the free dog treats. Also, they had a lot more house made beers in the menu this time and a good late nite muchie menu for us. We had the pepperoni flag bread. Good enough to share and cheap for only $5. Anyways, I believe that this place is a strong 4 star and I'm sure I'll be back soon!
This place is so chill. You can bring your pups with you too! You just walk around the main dining room to the "backyard" where they have dog bowls and treats for you to use. Oh yeah and they have good food and drinks for the humans too. ;)
I don't have a dog but I love the dog friendly restaurant. Dog foot prints are scattered from the front door to the back patio - where it seems like the party happens!  Bicycles surround the back patio with fully functional fan wheels for the Az heat!! Amazing! A doggie bench of doggie water bowls are available for the guests, as well as the bagged doggie treat!  A bar area in the center front of patio awaits patrons. Doggie pics surround booth seats. It was neat to see all the dogs getting along. Even a table of 4 each had a dog! 

Service: food literally took 30 to 45 minutes after ordering to get to the table. Pretty bad if you ask me especially if cooking a burger takes that long to prep and cook. Thumbs down. :/

Beer Brunch (without the beer): 
Smoked sockeye salmon on a bed of arugula with pita bread and capanota and a mimosa
- A simple plate to put together...anyone can do this. A light affair if you ask me ;) For a weakling like me, I prefer a virgin mimosa. Haha. ;) 

OHSO Rita - basil pesto, varied cheeses, garlic pomodoro sauce n micro greens
- osho good version of the margherita 

Would love to see the upcoming Scottsdale location!
Ask for the hostess with the mostess Kristin !! . You will love this business - great vibe and good mix of locals!! 

Excellent beer selection love the  local brew micro brews!! 
Fog City #1
Good vibrations #1A
Under very rare circumstances I visit Phoenix. However, if the weather isn't too unbearable, I thoroughly enjoy eating and drinking on the patio. I have been incredibly blessed continually having Athena as my server. Not only is she well versed in the food and drink items, she explains the dishes with such enthusiastic detail that my mouth is fervently awaiting the first bite. Luckily, the service is quite quick, even on a busy night.
Dogs are allowed on the patio making the experience even more catered to my favorite things; cute animals, good food and drinks.
I've been to OHSO many times before and normally just go to drink on their awesome patio out back.  Today I went for lunch with a work friend.  

We both ordered the same thing actually.  The green chile pulled pork sandwich with fries.  

The spice of the green chile was perfect.  Not overwhelming as some green chile can be.  The slaw made a perfect combo on the sandwich and the bun was so soft and tasted like it was made this morning.   Their fries are perfectly crispy with great seasoning.  No ketchup needed with these fries.  I sat at the bar and was taken care of quite nicely by one of the two bartenders they had on staff.  Love this place and will be back for sure!
I really liked O.H.S.O.  My friend and I came in on a Monday for lunch, and had our pick of the patio.  Pitchers of beer were half off, and they have a great selection of local and non-local brews.  Our server was incredibly attentive.

We split the green chile dip to start, and it was awesome.  We literally devoured it to the last drop.  The housemade veggie burger was good as well, and didn't fall apart which is a complaint I have about most veggie burgers.  

All, in all a great place.  Nice patio and good beer and food? A new Phoenix favorite.
This is a local spot for me.  The food is good, excellent selection of beers, great mimosa's/bloody mary's (The brunch on saturdays/sundays is great - $10 meal with a mimoso or 10oz beer), the parking is brutal - I'm lucky as I can walk:) and unfortunately the customer service is "usually" pretty mediocre (but the atmosphere is enough for me) - often slow service with no apology, things forgotten and just not always overly friendly - each experience a little different but no big red flags.   Definetly a great casual place to have a beer, bring the dog (very dog friendly on the patio), great place to hit while on your beach cruiser as you can exit right off the canal - sit on the patio and enjoy the amazing view of camelback mountain.
After being an avid fan of Four Peaks for so long, I was at first skeptical about O.H.S.O. However, it has won my heart! It is now one of my all time favorite places to go to take a buddy and hang out for a while. 
The atmosphere is casual and inviting. 
I love the Arizona Burger! I can eat cream cheese and poblano aoili from the burger with just a spoon! 
The brunch specials are amazing as well. Where else can you grab a beer and a tasty filling meal for 10 bucks? 
It also helps I can get my favorite beers here- Almost all Four Peaks taps, Papago Brewing Orange Blossom, and Sonoran Brewing White Chocolate Ale!
So kudos to you, O.H.S.O! Keep up the great work! I also look forward to your new restaurant.
We were in the vicinity and hungry for lunch on Sat. with our dog, I found this place online as 'dog friendly', so we went for it.  I'm so glad we did.  I love this place.... the back patio is fun with all the dogs and I love their metal fence next to the canal (I want to ride my bike there someday).  We found it friendly (of course dog people are always  friendly) and the food was great.  This is now my go to place for fish tacos... loved em!  Oh, and yes, Mr. Wilson loved it too.
p.s.   the peach beer was great!
Been coming here for awhile and feel like the costumer service is on the decline. Pulled up asking where to park that didn't require valet, was told "not here" so had to park across the street and cross Indian school with no crosswalk. Once we were in the patio we were told a 40 minute wait for a table for two. So we took a seat at the bar and immediately afterwards 3 tables opened up in which no one was seated at until after our food arrived (30 minutes later). Food was good but the management needs to work on how the business is being run. Doubt I will be back for a long time.
Came to OHSO for lunch with the family.  Beautiful patio but there were flies everywhere!  I've since gone back at night for a drink and there weren't any flies so maybe it's not an issue anymore.  

Anyway we were sat at a table and left with menus...dirty menus.  Major pet peeve of mine!  Service left a lot to be desired for but the food was pretty good.  I got the Salmon BLT and it was definitely the best dish at the table.  Beer selection was great too.

Overall, I'd go back again for the patio and beers!
I've driven by this place a bunch of times and was always curious about it. I finally got a chance to try brunch here this past weekend and loved it!

I've always been a big fan of Four Peaks & this place has a similar vibe, but in a better neighborhood (I just moved back to Phoenix about a year ago and love what's happening in the Arcadia neighborhood). 

I didn't get a good luck at the inside of the place, because we waited on the front patio for a table on the back patio to become available (because you know, this is one of those places you HAVE to sit on the patio during brunch even if every table on the inside is open), but it seemed nice.

We had to wait awhile for a table, but hey, it's Sunday brunch so what to you expect. Waiting for the back patio was worth it though. There's a really cool beer garden vibe going on with a cool/eclectic group of people.

I REALLY liked the brunch menu. They have a menu w/several options that come w/either a beer or mimosa for $10. I got the biscuits & gravy (w/a mimosa) and they were both delicious! Our server was a very friendly and attentive for how busy it was. 

I loved everything about this place, and will definitely be back!
Went here on a Saturday night with a couple of friends. It was very busy that night and we had to wait about 30 minutes for our seats. We were able to get drinks from the bar to pass our time though. Our waiter was quick to help us take our order. We ordered more drinks and an appetizer while we waited for our entrees. An hour goes by and no entrees. Our waiter glances at us every 15 minutes but does not say anything to us. We finally ask about our entrees and he claims the kitchen staff accidentally placed our order in the completed pile. He did comp our drinks and appetizer though. Not entirely sure if it's worth it to come back here.
I'm gonna start by saying why I didn't give this place 5 stars. Horrible parking and the back patio always has flies. That being said, this place is the best. They have a really good beer selection outside of their own. The food is delicious. Definitely gotta come in for their $10 brunch which gets you breakfast and a beer or mimosa for $10. 

The patio is awesome. Aside from the flies, it's THE place to sit. Great view of camelback mountain. They also allow you to bring your dog to the patio too.
Tried this place out and it has a great layout and beer menu. Service started solid but once we ordered we waited forever, longer than another patron who arrived after we ordered, to get our food. My dates breakfast wrap was fantastic but my steak and eggs was like chunks of beef jerky and eggs. And then I never saw the waitress to send it back until we were done with the food. Lot of good and bad going on here. Their Morning Brew is a good beer!
We came here around 9pm on a Wed so I can't really review this place based on the social vibe.

The service is awesome, it felt like we had a million servers and our drinks were always topped off and the food came really quick. All our requests were addressed immediately too!

The beer selection here is great and especially since I'm a Californian I love trying new beers we usually don't get. I had the fish tacos which were tasty I just wish the jalapeño coleslaw was a little tangier/spicier/had more kick-- the fish was fried nicely though and it was the perfect amount of food. I'm pretty picky when it comes to guacamole but I loved theirs!

Would definitely come back to hang out in patio next time-- I love that there were puppies everywhere!
OHSO was a little better than so so. The wait was about 20 minutes longer than estimated, however wasnt too bad since we could grab some beers from the bar. The only problem was it took a good 10 minutes to get a beer. The selection of beer was great and the food average. My girlfriend ordered the burger gluten free which only meant no bun. Technically the title is correct, but a little misleading. The best thing about this bar is the pet friendly nature. Overall pretty good and looking forward to their new location closer to home for drinks.
Best Beer Brunch! Love the tasters. The staff is so friendly and knowledgable. You can brew your own beer too! Love my cousin for sharing this hidden gem.
This place has improved tremendously since  my initial terrible review (though I do still like to call it NO SOH). Great beer selection and really stellar fish and chips. Only downside is I have yet to try their back patio because it's too popular- an hour and a half wait?! Ha. Ha.
I took my parents here for an early brunch on the day before mother's day (same experience minus a larger crowd) and this place was great. You can see them actually making the beer and when we were there you could smell the mash from their latest beer. Here is a place that has good food and excellent beer, much of which they make as there is a selection of several OHSO specific brews. 

Though parking is limited they have a free valet service that one just tips a few bucks on the way out, and then one can walk right in, a definite plus in the hotter months (well, half the year in Phoenix) here in the valley of the sun. 

Once you are in, though it is busy there is lots of seating and the wait staff is personable. The wait person was nice enough to point out that the homebrewer who had done the beer I was having (a strong connection between OHSO and the local homebrew community) was sitting the next table over so I was able to have a quick chat about the makeup of the beer.

My parents and I both had the sausage brunch special and the sausage is from the German commissary next door. When you walk out, instead of going to the valet, walk next door and take a look at the sausage and cured meat selection, but remember to bring cash there as no credit is selected. 

OHSO must be doing well because they seemed to have opened another location in North Scottsdale. All I know is that when I went here they seemed to be firing on all cylinders and its nice to be able to start up a quick conversation with a brewer in the open brewing area. I look forward to going here again!
My wife and I ate here last night, and it was terrific. Ordered the Arizona burger, pink, it was delicious. And the sweet potato fries were perfect.  My wife ordered the Brisket sandwich, and let me tell you, it convinced me to come back for the all you can eat BBQ they have on Sundays. The beer selection is top notch with around 12 from local sources. Inside is huge, and they have nice outside seating as well. You can tell by how crowded it was that its a favorite with a lot of people.
One of the few good places that allow dogs. The negative- the parking Is horrendous and the outdoor patio where dogs are allowed is completely full of pretentious a-holes who could sit anywhere in restaurant but chose to sit at the 6 tables dogs are allowed at and sip on their waters for 2 hours while half of the table are reserved for other larger parties.

The positive- the food, the staff, and the beer selection are truly fantastic, but these terrible patrons sit there staring at you with your dog and and your 2 year old child as they continue to waist oxygen on this earth.

And before you think I'm some 45 year old bitter woman, you should know that I'm 24 single dad how loves to try new places, but after trying this place 3 desperate times I'll never be going back again.
We really like this place and are really happy about the new location too! Decent size craft beer menu and the atmosphere is always fun! The good is very good and we think the prices are fair. I always get a burger variation which is almost always cooked the way I order and the other things we have ordered have been good as well. Dog friendly patio too so that's awesome!
Ohhh Soo Good! I had the Flanders Red and the Dragoon.  Flanders was pretty expensive and I liked the Dragoon better. Both good beers but $8 for the Flanders?? hmm... 

I ordered the Green Chile Pork tacos which were pretty good, I liked the roasted tomato salsa.  I was hoping for more of a bite on the chile, but this is Phoenix so I let it slide. Everyone else ordered burgers and were happily content.  

We sat outside and next time I'm going to bring the pup.  A very cool spot in Arcadia and I would of given 5 stars but, our waitress was a bit of a B. We still were able to wrangle up a good time and enjoy the Phoenix night.
Industrial style, yet upscale brewery. With trendy food. That let's your doggy come. No light beers for lightweights. We tried the Rita pizza and a taco plate. Both were fine but I couldn't get by the prices. I realize I am in a trendy Arcadia place where my doggy gets free biscuits. 

The Scottsdale Blonde brew was great, we finished off a pitcher. I didn't care for the pizza, it was a spray of pesto and some cheeses over a so-so flat bread. the bartended seemed disinterested in us. 

Worst part is the dang valet. This place is the Arcadia version of Postino/Vig. You get the good and the bad with some menu gems. Bring your wallet and a full bank account.
We sat on the patio on a Friday night around 845pm. The wait time when we arrived was around 45 minutes but we got a table in about 30-40 minutes. The patio was packed with two-legged and four-legged friends alike. Probably one dog for every two people. There were one or two troublemaker pooches that strolled through, but for the most part, all of the furry friends were on their best behavior, chilling under the tables waiting for scraps to fall their way. If you like the company of dogs, you will enjoy the patio here. (I can't comment on the interior as we were outside the whole time)

I don't live in Phoenix and my friend who does says it was rare, but there was a ton of wind on this particular evening and the back patio is next to a dusty trail, so there was quite a bit of dirt flying around during our stay. It wasn't too bad but it was annoying at times. I'll chalk it up to a rare occasion. 

I ordered the seared Ahi salad. Four large pieces of tuna all tasted very fresh. A lot of times when I get an ahi salad I am disappointed in the amount of fish but I was pretty pleased with these slices. Just the right ratio of greens to fish. The dressing was sweet but not heavy. The red peppers and dried cherries were a nice complement as well. But beware, it does have a kick. I like my spice more medium than anything, and though I wasn't expecting much spiciness in this salad, it did have more than I anticipated. It wasn't unbearable, but just know that it is pretty spicy. A beer and a glass of water will wash it down just fine. 

Speaking of beer, they have a solid selection of beers you won't find everywhere. I got a hef for #1 but can't remember my second. I did taste the orange blossom beer and glad I didn't order a full pint. It was basically an orange creamsicle with a touch of alcohol. My friend got a pineapple beer but couldn't finish it due to its sweetness. The beer selection isn't massive, but there's something for everyone with different tastes. 

My friends got pork tacos and the BBQ burger and both recommended those as well. 

You will have to valet here as parking is pretty scarce, but pretty sure it was free with a receipt. We got out quickly since it had died down considerably by 11pm.
I have only been here for breakfast but it's a great spot! $10 for a breakfast meal + a beer or a nice size mimosa. The food was excellent and the staff were super friendly. Great atmosphere where you can bring your dog if you're sitting outside, watch sports and enjoy the crowd.
You can bring your dog and they have free dog treats. I loved the outside patio with the view of the mountain. The beer options were great and the sandwiches were tasty. Large sandwiches. I wish we had more time to stay and enjoy the beer and views. The patio decorations were bike themed. LOVE LOVE LOVE


Oh yeah, and free valet parking too.
The burger+cheese is so very delish!!! Prob my new fav burger spot!  Also the shrimp tacos are something to talk about!! Love the Peach Ale. OHHHHHSOOOOOGOOOD!!!
This is my new fav place and had a great birthday in the reserved inside outside patio area Thanks O.H.S.O!!!
I stopped in here while on vacation for a pint with an old co-worker.  It was a fantastic bar and their beer selection was really good.  I can see this being a great neighborhood place to hangout.  I didn't try their food, but what people had around us looked really good.  I would definitely stop in the next time I'm in AZ!
This review is for the new one in North Scottsdale. The music was so so loud,  It was not enjoyable. I actually like to have a conversation with my date, if I didnt want to talk I would go to a nightclub. Food was good, but the kitchen does not know how to course their meals. We ordered a salad as an appetizer and our main course came out 1minute later, I hate that. The tacos were great, but I asked for more salsa, and they charged me for that- really? How much can your salsa really cost you?    Disappointed.
I absolutely love this place, the food is amazing and the beer is excellent. The owner and managers are always willing to stop and chat and want your feedback. My boyfriend and I recommend OHSO to everyone we meet and are normally there a few times a weeks. We love bringing our friends and our dogs to OHSO every chance we get. The best part is it's only 3.5 miles from our house.
Food great. Service great. Forced Valet sucks. Don't move everything in my car! I could park myself. Why is my drivers seat laid back to the  back seat. Lame! Other than that though the brunch is great and love the dog friendly patio.
Love this place! Has an urban feel inside. I had the garlic shrimp tacos and they were AMAZING!! Tried the sweet potato fries (basically my favorite food) and they were very good. No comment on the beer (since I don't drink it) but they had a good sized selection.
On Sundays they have the most amazing backyard bbq. All you can eat for 15 dollars! Amazing chicken, ribs, and brisket as well as potato salad, coleslaw, and corn bread! Seriously so delicious, it is a must try if you are in the area! I have been on multiple occasions and no matter how busy the service is always great and the food is fantastic. The back patio is the best because of the dogs but the whole restaurant is wonderful. There is a huge selection of beer and you can brew your own with them!
I love this place. Not only is it a great place to get a quality craft beer, but you can bring your pooch along to socialize as well. My friend & I came here to catch up since I had been out of the area for a couple of months. We each brought our dogs with us. They had as much fun getting to know the dog at the table next to us as we did catching up. I had the veggie burger and my friend had the Ahi salad. They were both very tasty.
A great place to bring your dog(s) and have a beer! They also make their own little dog treats and provide water. Food is pretty good too. Love coming here with my dog and will be coming back.
Hands down best mimosas I've had. They have a good deal, $10 for breakfast and a drink. The beer selection is fantastic, local businesses woo hoo! The patio areas are nice and I like how they text you when your table is ready instead of worrying you didn't or won't hear your name be called.
Petty much the most awesome lunch in a while.over 30 beers on tap and green Chile sandwich is bomb
The service was not very good and the food mediocre. Phoenix has many other options that are far superior, especially downtown.  The mixed drinks were nothing worth mentioning (it is a brewery so my own fault there).
It's all about the beer selection here, period. The food is mediocre bar food. But the atmosphere is lively, the service is decent, and the beer is outstanding. Get there early on a night or weekend or be prepared to wait.
Awesome place for happy hour! Great food, great drinks, great service, great prices, and all around fantastic atmosphere! Love the cheese dip and soft pretzels! The spicy hummus is awesome too. If you're in the Arcadia area, make sure to stop in for a quick bite, you won't regret it!
My wife and my three boys took me to O.H.S.O. for a pre-Father's Day dinner, to avoid the crowds on Father's Day.  This place is never disappointing, always with good food, and good beer.  I've been here on many occasions prior to Father's Day weekend so I can attest to the consistency of O.H.S.O. as far as food, beer and service.

Located right off of a major canal in Phoenix, O.H.S.O. is easily accessible by bicycle...and many cyclists do frequent.  Another unique feature is the dog friendly patio, out back.  On any given afternoon, you will find the patio occupied by K9's and their companions....there are even complimentary homemade treats for the quadrupeds made from spent grains from the brewing process.

Oh, and if you have the inclination to brew your own O.H.S.O. offers a program where just about anybody can come in and brew, using their equipment and facilities for storage while your beer conditions for a couple weeks.

If you like beer...real beer.....good craft beer brewed locally, O.H.S.O. is your place!
Just went for beers today. Walked around the joint for 10 minutes before I was greeted. I think this place has a great concept, and they have great beers, but they need to up the customer service level.
Had a great time here. I have been a couple of times. Once with my mom and her dog, and another time with my fiancé and friends. Had a great time each time. The green chile dip is delightful. Beer selection is good too. They have a lot of selection, not only from their own menu, but from breweries all over the west. The patio is absolutely the spot to be if it is not too hot out. On the weekend the vibe is chill with dogs and owners all over. We live in Chandler, so it is a little out of the way, but worth it for a good Saturday beer and burger.
Decided to give this place a second shot for brunch. I had a burger and a Bloody Mary, and my partner had the carnitas. My burger was mediocre, and his carnitas were not good. He ordered a side of scrambled eggs, which came out over-cooked. The bloody Marys were decent, and the wait staff was attentive. Don't think I'll be back tho.
Eh. I really wanted to like it more. Our bartender wasn't very attentive and it was not busy. 2 of the beers on the menu we ordered they were out of, which is mildly annoying. Green Chile Dip was good. The O.H.S.O. Hoppy is delicious. I'll give it another try if I'm in the neighborhood. Maybe the patio next time.
Where else can you arrive by any known mode of two wheeled transportation, walk straight up to the bartender on the very cool deck and ask to borrow a bike lock? That's right they have bike locks plenty of bike racks and tools that you can use if you are in need of a quick repair or tune up. It is also incredibly four legged canine friendly. I always meet a cute or fun dog and owner when I go there. Best bike friendly place in Phoenix!! The food is good. Bar service on the deck is just OK if you sit at the bar because the bartenders are getting killed with the service bar which they run as well. The place more than makes up for that in atmosphere with the bikes and dogs. Great beers and amazing beef jerky are nice treats here. They also have free dog treats!!
I hate to write bad reviews. Ohso has soooo many pros: great patio, typically top notch service for a beer bar, dog-friendly, excellent beer selection, great Arcadia location. But I've been to Ohso dozens of times and their food is simply not good. I cannot go to Ohso hungry anymore... Sure I could drink more beer but It shouldn't be that hard to have something appetizing aside from the Ohso Green Chile dip!  Especially as a beer guy, I hate to write this but don't go to Ohso if you want to eat even decent food. Nothing on the menu is worth eating.
I like this place as a bar, but I haven't been impressed with any of the food I've tried here....

Will probably skip this place if I'm hungry
Such a cool place! If you love beer, this is the place for you! Tons of beers on the menu, they brew a handful themselves, they host local independent brewers as "guest brews" and then lots of other beers including several AZ craft brews !! Can sample any and as many Of the beers as you choose! Food is good too! I had the Burger and Cheese-ordered pink- loved it! My friend ordered the brisket sandwich-amazing! It's super Dog friendly- which pushes this place to the top of my favorites list! They even have free homemade dog biscuits for your furry friend to enjoy there or at home- my dog had lots of allergies, can't have treats usually- however she had no problems with these treats! She was very very happy and so be was I !
Went to their new location on Hayden Rd and FLW on Saturday and we were very disappointed. First the menu is a condensed version of the Phx location.  Second we were surprised they only carry 2 of their own beers. They  do have lots of other micro-brews like several Four Peaks beers but if I wanted Four Peaks beer I could just walk over there since they are in the same parking lot especially since the food and service is nothing to brag about. We only had dessert but it was store made brownies, and I could swear the dollop of whipped cream was Cool Whip. Yuck! There really is no reason to return.
Unexpectedly good food.  Excellent background music - makes me very happy.  Much bigger inside than you would think.  The entire place including the back patio is spacious, clean, creative, and has a great layout.  Staff is friendly, but my first time here the server sort of just bailed and we had to track someone down to pay for the food.  That person did give us some free stuff off the bill, but still . . . was a little annoying.  But OHSO still gets 5 stars despite.
Love this place!  I went in for brunch and had a tasty Churrasco Steak and Eggs.  This was a great menu item cooked to perfection.  I also enjoyed a flight of different beers that they brewed in house.  The O.H.S.O. Grovey was my favorite.  I usually don't like orange in a beer however this brew tasted amazing!  The Happy IPA was also really gwwooooood!
Amazing brunch deal for $10 which includes a hefty meal and your choice of a 10oz AZ brew or a Monster Mimosa! They have a fairly extensive craft beer menu and everything food related has yet to disappoint. I love how you can bring your dog, too! OHSO makes it easy with water bowls, homemade treats and enough shade/ fans outside that even an Arizona Day can't keep me and my pooch away :)
Love the dog friendly back patio.  The temperature wasn't bad because of all the misters out there even though you get a little damp because they're cranking out the water but in 100+ degree weather it's the only solution.  Food was good as was the service but nothing out of the ordinary.  The biggest drawback was during the Soccer game tv broadcast the volume was WAY too loud.  We were seated next to the speaker so I can see why the volume was overbearing at our table.  Had to yell at each other over the volume.  We'll be returning soon enough hopefully not during a major sports event.
I bring all my dates here! LOL. You cant go wrong with amazing beers to woo the boys, and for us ladies, they have the best mimosas, sangrias, and cocktails! I love the Arcadia and the 48th St Fizz. Flatbread pizzas are amazing and you cant go wrong with the classic Burger & Cheese! 

The staff is amazing, very knowledgaeblw of all the beers and give great suggestions. But what I love the most is the back patio! Might be too hot in the summer, but for 9 months out of the year, it is the place to be! Bring your dog, your bike, and your date- for a night of great suds and grubs!
We returned to N. Scottsdale location for another try. We ordered the flatbreads and the calamari appetizer. They were all very good, the flatbread was especially good. Music was turned down this time and the staff was very friendly. We moved recently so we will have to give the Arcadia location a go as well. I like the parking situation better at the N. Scottsdale location.
Went here on a recent Sunday to celebrate a friends birthday brunch. We had two large tables outside for our group which was nice. I do love the dog friendly patio even though we left our two at home (oh well, next time they will join us). It wasn't to bad sitting outside since they had the misters on but you do fell pretty "damp" all over which is better than being hot. 

I really liked their brunch menu! You could select a beer or mimosa and an entree for $10. I had a mimosa and green chilie pork breakfast burrito. The mimosa was good and so was the food. The only think I didn't care for was that the only green chilie pork was just a tad that topped the top of the breakfast burrito. Oh well...it was still pretty tasty.

One draw back was how LOUD it got when the World Cup Finals were playing. The volume on the TV was a bit much where I just stopped talking to people in my group because I was yelling so they could hear me and that was frustrating. 

I will be back with the dogs but not during sporting events that is for sure.

Service was great this day as in the past it hasn't been the best.
This joint had been on my bookmarked list of "gotta try" for quite a few months.  I'm not often in the area, but my buddy's wife planned his surprise b-day party here - so I happily agreed to kill two birds with one stone.  Ambiance is nice, beer was delicious and cold, and the food was great.  The service was solid, and upon finding out that I dabble in home-brewing, he mentioned the ability to come to O.H.S.O. and brew your own with the assistance of the brewmasters.  I was pretty impressed, not many breweries take the time to do something like that - so we downloaded the handy dandy app and were able to see the upcoming dates that were available.  They are currently booked through the end of November, but the concept is so cool that I will check periodically to book a brewing session.  I just love it when you can tell a place has passion for what they do, and this place was no exception.
The Imperial Burger and the IPA Burger was amazing.  Low price but great quality of food would recommend it to anyone.  We both loved the truffle fries.
Fantastic, delicious, top quality burgers and interesting and tasty  specialty beers at excellent prices. Highly recommend.
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer. Burgers and brews is pretty new, opening about three weeks ago, and is already top notch. Located in the M casino, which is beautiful, clean, and a relaxing environment (for a casino lol), burgers and brews serves up some amazing food. 

We had the Imperial Burger and Red Ale Burger (aka IPA burger) and both were awesome. Also got the Parmesan garlic fries and onions rings, both good but the garlic fries were a must. Beer selection is good, the only down side is its all bottles, personally I'm a draft guy. But that aside, I definitely say check this place out. Oh, and don't eat with your eyes because serving size is pretty dang big. I was stuffed!
Wow! The flavors are exactly what I wanted. We saw this place when we visited the Hash a Go Go and had to check it out. This place is classy and beautiful! Our waiter was on it and recommended great things! We actually had everything from alcohol, beer, appetizers, burgers, fries, and dessert! It was ALL Delish!!!! 
I tried the lager shandy it was yummy! My hubby enjoyed his beers in the cool chilled  table side glasses. We had coconut Shrimp which was perfectly breaded and served with mango pico de gallo. I was surprised on the amount of shrimp and the sizes. The burgers were perfect size too. We both ordered the Stout burger with the bacon. 
We shared the sweet potato fries with maple sauce...tasted like a yummier version of a maple bar.
For dessert we had the cake pops and ice cream. We had such a great experience. If the M wasn't so expensive to stay we would totally be here more. This is going to be a regular dinner visit for us when we visit Vegas. Check it out!
On 4/20/12, me and my girlfriend decided to plan a fun evening out, including dinner, happy hour and dancing. Having been frequent patrons of the M/resort we decided to give Anthony's Burgers and Brews a try for the first time. From Top to Bottom that was the worst experience, service wise we have experienced. We walked up to the empty podium for starters, after 3 minutes a young lady walks up, doesn't apologize, and I ask if there is seating available outside, she says its open seating out there and we say okay and start making our way over to the patio and she yells and say you'll need some menus, and hands them too us and we walk ourselves out to the patio. We then sit for approximately 15 minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge our existence. So I physically have to get up and flag someone down and ask to be waited on. 5 minutes after that, a Casino Floor Cocktail waitress, not a server, came to take or order. She was nice but clearly didn't know the menu and seem to struggle with remembering what we ordered. We sit there for another 10 minutes and we don't get our drinks, water or appetizers. So I get up again and grab the manager and let her know we are having a problem, she apologizes and acts like she is going to take care of the issue. 5 minute later a runner brings out our drinks so we get our first drinks after 40 minutes!!!!! As we sit there and start to drink we watch the hostess seat a table near us and it just flat out makes you feel like we were not good enough to seat or serve, enough was enough and we got up and left, telling the manager on the way out that that was terrible and we will not be back. So we lost an hour there and had to skip our happy hour and we went to Republic Kitchen and Bar and had excellent service and food. Its really unfortunate, we planned on spending the day at M pool but really don't want to relive that experience so we have opted to change that plan as well. You guys can do way better!

Completely Dissatisfied
This is a good burger place nestled in M resort, off the strip, which is a perfect getaway from the hustle and bustle of the strip. A group of us came on a Monday night, so no crowds. The servers were all very friendly and accommodating for our large group of 8. 

Each of the burgers on the menu is conveniently named after the recommended beer pairing. I believe each burger was in the range of $10-15 for a 10oz. patty. Pretty good deal. The burgers come with the lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickle on the side for you to put in as you like.

Considering majority of the group was male, most of the orders were for the Imperial burger that is stacked high with stout braised short rib. I had a taste of the Imperial and it was cooked well, but the selling point was the short rib and no one was blown away by it. The short rib was shredded but had no other real flavor of its own so it was just meat on top of meat. Not a bad burger, but a little disappointed by it.

I wanted to get something different so we could try more on the menu. I ordered the IPA to stand out from the group. I liked my burger a lot more. It had grilled chilies, pepper jack cheese, and fried jalapenos on a bbq spiced patty. I like my food with a little kick and this burger had flavor and a kick. Cooked well and seasoned nicely. 

We also ordered 3 types of fries to go around: truffle, garlic and Parmesan, and the bacon and cheddar. The favorite of the table seemed to be the garlic and Parmesan. The fries are nice and thick cut but still crispy. However they seemed to have a heavy hand with the truffle oil, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the truffle flavor was a little overwhelming considering it also came with a truffle dipping sauce. The bacon and cheddar ones tasted just like a baked potato. 

Overall, we had a nice dining experience and the burgers are a real deal for the price. I wouldn't mind coming back for another burger and brew.
I have no idea how this place gets nothing but five stars. Truly great burgers. The prices are reasonable for a high end burger place, and the beer pairings are spot on. I have been to Burger Bar, LBS, Grind, Public House, here in Vegas, and a lot of other burger joints across the country, and this is in my top 5 all time.

Nice view, and our service was great.  I am glad it is not closer, because I would be broke, and fat.
This restaurant located next to the oyster bar near the hotel lobby and front desk.

The name describes this place well. I eat at all he restaurants here and this one is super. The restaurant is pretty quiet even though out on the open. The menu is limited to about 5 salads, 8 or so burgers, appetizers and couple of sides.
Items are al a carte and high price if you look at it as just a burger. It's surely more than than that.
Good drink menu, coke products and a full bar do so you can get about anything.
Staff very friendly and accommodating.
Sit by the window and there's a great view.
Even some lounge type couches to sit at and eat.
Really good experience at this spit. Worthy of dropping some bucks here.
The burgers were very good here. I had the IPA burger and I paired it with an IPA - nice! The garlic parmesan fries were great. I couldn't stop eating them even though I was full. The service was good as well, with our waters being refilled often. The atmosphere is really nice, with a view outside, something you don't get in most casino restaurants. Wish I could've tried more items on the menu!
With such a highly esteemed name for a restaurant, you'd think this place would serve some of the best burgers in town with world class service.   You'd think wrong.

I made reservations for 8 here for my birthday dinner a few weeks back.  The hostess taking my reservation was the same one who was there to greet us with a table already made up for the group, and she was fine with a couple of us waiting for more from our party to show up.   So far so good.

Once the majority of the party (6 of 8) had shown up, we decided to be seated and we immediately asked the waiter if we could do separate checks.  He said that they do not do that there.  "At all?"  "Right.  Never"   We shrugged it off as no big deal and started ordering drinks.  I've had Jack and Cokes all throughout this great city of ours and I gotta say this was a piss poor example.  Very watered down, and no surprise that 4 of them later I barely had a buzz going.  Strike one.  I ordered the IPA Burger with Sweet Potato fries (I'm a sweet potato slut).   Several at my table ordered a variety of other burgers and fries.  Most of us ordered our own order of fries and when they came out there were way too many for each individual to eat.  I thought it would have been nice for the server to maybe say each order could feed 2, but I won't hold them to that.  I personally loved the sweet potato fries with the maple sauce, even though it tastes exactly as it sounds: very syrupy, very rich.   Others at my table werent nearly as impressed.  They are much skinnier than I am.  The burger was quite simply a disappointment.  The meat was alright, and prepared the way I ordered (medium rare), but the problem was the lack of flavor outside of the meat itself.  The IPA is supposed to have a BBQ spiced burger patty, roasted hatch chilies, pepper jack cheese and fried jalapenos.   I honestly never felt a kick in the least.  Another at my table that also ordered it said the same.  Not sure how that is possible with those ingredients.  Seasoning in general needed work, and I heard from someone else at my table with the Imperial that the short ribs were flavorless (a sentiment I've seen shared by others here).  Maybe it's the pumped in oxygen into the M that somehow renders these burgers nearly tasteless.

Overall service was fairly pleasant, and they even hooked me up with a free jack and coke for my birthday, and replaced a spilled one (no I swear, I wasnt drunk) for free.   BUT, at the end of the meal, the waiter comes up with our check, and announces that the last couple to arrive asked for their check to be split.  WAIT WHAT?  A few of us immediately brought up the fact that earlier he said they dont do that at ALL.  We were promptly ignored.  Look, I get that he initially wanted to not split the check probably for the forced 18% gratuity or what have you, but there's no need to lie about it.  

Be thankful you hooked me up with those free jack and cokes and that I'm such a whore for sweet potato fries and maple syrup Anthony's, I'm being generous with my 2.
Simple menu, complex burger, amazing sides and just simply delicious.
It's crazy.  I went here a couple months ago, and it's one of those places that for some unknown reason, keeps popping up in my head.  Specifically the place. I remember where I sat, I remember details like the two guys I sat next to (they ordered wayyy too much fries), I remember the view overlooking the blue skies.  I remember how the hostess was an asian girl with humonguous boobs.  I remember the calla lillies by the hotel check in. 

I remember the food was generous and good.  I especially remember the parmesan fries.  It was big.  Thank goodness the two of us shared that.  The chicken salad had oranges and some peanut vinaigrette.  It's an interpretation of thai flavors, but lacking in boldness.  

And on to the burgers, I got the Micro Burger with micro greens (looked like arugula to me) and goat cheese.  Hubby got the burger with mushroom and swiss cheese, the Lager burger.  They were good.  But I came to a realization.  I like my burger classic: I want to taste ketchup, pickles and the texture of lettuce.  I love goat cheese, but I'd rather eat that with a lamb burger.  

But it was a burger well done.   And I was happy when I left.
Great tasting signature burgers and decent side dishes.  Had the ahi tuna, cheddar bacon fries, and stout burger.  The stout burger has irish cheddar, smoked bacon, and ground stout mustard.  Very nice, but a little slow.  The burger was flavorful, and the mustard enhanced the taste overall but wasn't intrusive.  They need to put in a fois gras burger, I would totally go for that.
We arrived at about 8pm, we had actually made a reservation for 8:30pm but ended up arriving early and we were seated promptly.  The food was great!  I had the IPA Burger with fried jalapenos, roasted hatch chilies and pepper jack cheese! MMM!  The other people in my party enjoyed their foods as well, 2 Stout Burgers and an Imperial Burger.  The Parmesan cheese fries were fantastic and I wished I didn't have to share.  :)  My reason for the four stars is that I felt the service was a little slow for a not so busy evening.  We actually had to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  Over all we will be back when we are craving a yummy burger!
Let your tongue read the following: Irish Stout Burger - Irish cheddar, smoked bacon, stone ground stout mustard. It was by far the best hamburger I've ever had in my life.

Add in the black truffle fries and a nice cold beer. Stop it... I can't take it anymore. If you are anywhere near the M Resort you HAVE to try this place. I promise you it's life-changing.
This small little place was nice but the food was over priced a lot. All sides cost extra for each meal. Since when does french fries not go with burgers? They had no beers on tap either :( This place is located inside the M hotel/casino.
Dang I wanted to love this place, and it is not bad.  It's good but not great.   The M was a surprisingly well appointed resort.  Very clean and not hectic at all.  The menu for Anthony's was promising.  And to be fair one just had the burgers one would be fine, however this one had more.  The Ahi appetizer was not good.  The coconut shrimp had a ill conceived pineapple salsa.  

The beer selection is very good, the Burgers are very good the service is excellent.  Stick to the burgers and you will be fine.  Regrettably the fries were also disappointing.
Snacks. Tuna was over done and tasted old. Dry burger.  Not much else to say.
These huge (10oz.) burgers are really good. I've tried 3 of them and can't say that one is better than the other. 
The buns are perfect as they stand up to the burger with out being too dense.
This is going to sound knit picky but, my only complaint is that they are so damn big. Literally, I couldn't get my mouth around the one with the fried jalapenos. 
I would love to have a few ounces shave off of it.
Don't get any sides. Burgers are $11-$13 which seems to be a fair price with the casino mark up.
The Skinny:  poor control of seasoning mar what ought to have been a decent burger (2), service is okay but the ambience sucked because it is open air next to a bunch of slot machines - the continuous noxious wave of smoke hovered over us as we tried to eat (2) value: given all the great burger joints in the valley, this one deserves a skip (2)

We came here after work one night to check out this place out. 
 
My hubby was the eyeing the truffle fries, fried zucchini sticks and the Imperial Burger. I was just looking for a good Caesar's salad. 

The ambience is severely lacking. The fact that the restaurant is not cordoned off from the main casino floor makes for a smoky, unpleasant experience. If you don't like smoke, I would suggest you attempt to be seated as far away from the slot machines as possible.

Service was okay - our server brought out our meals in a reasonable time and kept our water glasses filled most of the time.

The food was just not that good considering the amount we paid for it. I just wasn't impressed by anything we ordered. Some of the ideas were good however the poor execution really prevented any food from being even halfway good.

The coating of the fried zucchini sticks was overly thick and seemed to slough off the zucchini too easily. As well, the zucchini itself was very salty. The Truffle fries although ample truffle flavoring lacked the proper texture - not enough crispiness to it. The Imperial burger had nothing imperial about it. Bland braised tough short rib and flavorless caramelized onions graced the under seasoned beef patty. The Caesar salad was pretty generic and I wouldn't get it again.

Overall, there really isn't a compelling reason to recommend or return to this establishment.
Good day Friends! CFC here with YET ANOTHER food review. :-) 

I'm very pleased to introduce you all to Anthony's Gourmet Burgers & Brews. Now back when I first heard the term, "Gourmet Burger", I immediately thought it was a ploy to use the same meat as your typical greasy spoon, put it on a nicer plate and then triple the price. :-/

I would instantly roll my eyes when seeing the word "Gourmet" in front of the word "burger". 

Anthony has forever changed my opinion on this matter. Comparing his burgers to Wendy's, McDonalds, Denny's, or even Fuddruckers (which I enjoy greatly) is like comparing apples to cheese covered 10oz Angus beef patties. They are in the IVY league of burgers my friends. I ordered the Pilsar. The beef was exquisite and, for most, there'd probably be enough of it left over AFTER you eat; to walk (OK, drive) over to the Mirage and throw a snack to the tigers (Something I don't recommend in any way... I was merely being discriptive; moving on). I didn't like that the already expensive burger ($13) didn't come with french fries, but it was a pretty big burger which leads me to believe most people wouldn't be able to finish it AND fries.

True to name, and form, I DID order french fries with mine. :-) 

The fries were delicious. I've said it's nearly impossible to ruin french fries, but then I went to Hash House a-GO-GO and was quickly confronted with the COLD reality that I'm not always right. They were cut thin, seasoned just right and a half order served as more than enough to accompany the hefty burger. They, along with the burger, were a bit pricey ($4.50 for a half order).  I usually don't talk about the service at any restaurant unless it effects the food (i.e. I see the tray with my food ready to be brought to my table but it sits on a counter for 10 minutes) but our waiter was especially attentive and educated on the menu. He was very descriptive about each burger and new exactly how long it would take to cook (depending on how you'd like it cooked) etc. 

Overall, Anthony's gets 4 stars from the CFC! It might have been 5 if I could afford to eat there more often. Hint Hint Hint...

Regards, 
CFC
Really high on the list of worst places I've ever eaten. Ambiance is amazing. They should just raise the prices and quality a bit to fit the environment. I had a veggie burger and its usually hard to go wrong with that. It was so flat and tasteless and soggy. I even had to send my Cosmo back cuz it had a weird perfume taste in it. My partner got sick from the coconut shrimp before we could even leave the table. Our stay here just started. Hope we have better luck with the food over the next 4 days!
Besides the service being a 6/10 and the annoying 60yr old lady dancing around our table and trying to conversate with us.... The burger was absolutely amazing.  I ordered the "IPA" burger with bacon and a fried egg added. It was sooo good. I also ordered the "salt" and "pepper" fries which were pretty good. Stay away from the apps, although good, its way too much food. Will be back again, soon!
Arrived at 2pm.  Waited around for them to open at 4pm.  Sat by the window overlooking the pool, very nice view with natural light.  Started with the Cobb Salad.  My wife and I split it and they were nice enough to put it into two bowls for us.  It was an excellent salad, tasty and well prepared, no big peices of lettuce or funky old bits of anything.

For the main course I had the Imperial burger and my wife had the Pilsner burger. We shared the cheddar and bacon fries.  My wifes burger was medium rare, she ordered it medium well.  I ordered mine medium and it came out well done like meat loaf which really hurt the flavor of it.  My wife's burger was pretty tasty.  Mine was just ruined by being over cooked and the advertised short rib on top of the patty was so minuscule that I barely noticed it.  The fried were just bad.  The first fry I tried was cold, the second one was really hot, kind of wierd.  The bacon was fine but the cheddar was not melted shredded cheddar instead it was a pasty gravy that was more wondra than cheese and was broken and grainy, really nasty.

The beer and liquor selection is good and the prices are fair.  I had a couple of beers.  It seems like all the beers are bottled but that's OK.

The service was very good.  I can see how this place could really be great if everything came together for one diner, but if a place can't be consistent I'm not willing to give them my business.   

Another thing of note: No minors allowed.
Burgers are around $10 and do not come with fries - the fries are another $5, but they are plenty to share and they have options like garlic parmesan and white cheddar and bacon.

The veggie burger was great - a good option for vegetarians.

The salads looked awesome, but cost as much as the burgers.

Beer prices were decent, especially for Vegas.  They have a few craft beers on draft, but not tons.  Most are in bottles.
Am I overly impressed by Anthony's? Not really. Did I enjoy myself and have a great time with my friends? Yes. They have a well balanced selection of beer. It is not the most extensive, but there are some curve balls that I appreciated. The grapefruit ale was rather delightful on the warm evening I dined there. It is perfect for summer and reminded me of a shandy. 

The burgers were all decent. Each burger is named after a beer. Said beer is used in the cooking process of the burger itself. It wasn't incorporated into the meat, but in some other element of the burger. The Imperial was the best. Stout braised short rib on top of a burger? Braised short rib on everything is more like it! The IPA was the other burger that impressed me. I am a sucker for spicy food. So a BBQ sauce with a nice kick, topped with hatch chile, and fried jalapenos screwed out to me. The Red Ale preparation was over kill on the breakfast in between a bun novelty. The potatoes o'brien was unnecessary. I was also unimpressed with the Stout Burger. As for the fries, they didn't have the nice crunch I was hoping for and went cold fast. The garlic cheese fries were good. The sweet potato were lackluster. Same could be said with the Ultimate Potato Skins. They were just ordinary in nature. 

I will say that we each had a beer or cocktail, an appetizer to start, individual burgers and an order of fries and left with our wallets in tack. It is a decent deal for everything you get.
Great burgers! Moderately priced. Great atmosphere!
Hands down my favorite burger joint. The only burger I will ever eat. 

My boyfriend and I discovered Anthony's this past Valentine's Day and ever since then we have been addicted.

*Sidenote*
Our Valentines Day dinner was spectacular. 3 course dinner; shrimp cocktail, prime rib, and a heavenly dessert plate. We also got their bacon cheddar fries, garlic Parmesan fries (trying not to salivate all over the keyboard right now) and one of their specialty burgers too boot. Yes, I know, my boyfriend and I are binge eaters.lol

We come here about once a month because we both crave their burgers and fries. We always order their fish tacos for an app, then our own burgers and the two fries and then dessert. For the price you would pay for a burger at a typical neighborhood restaurant (*cough cough* Red Robin) you would get the same from Anthony's but the burgers are gourmet, more flavorful and the ambiance is defiantly more chic then a neighborhood hangout.
They have huge and delicious burgers here, my favorite is the lager burger which has grilled onions and mushrooms.  The appetizers are great as well, including the fish tacos, potato skins, french fries and onion rings.  This is one of my go-to restaurants.  On Friday's they have a $15 prime rib dinner special, which includes a pretty good clam chowder soup.
Good burgers (~$10) with fries extra. Very good service and a decent beer selection. Overlooks (at a bit of a distance) the pool area with a view (a much larger distance) of the Strip. Some of the restaurants in the M also have happy hour specials so take a stroll around to see if there's anything else you'd like to try. Enjoy!
Nice, low key place that had a bar that was perfect to kick back and eat some good food. If you're looking for somewhere to relax while you eat, this is a great spot! Not great if you want something touristy or with a ton of people waiting to get in the door...
I've been to Anthony's a few times and have not had a bad meal yet.  The burger sizes are great and there is good value for the money.  As others have noted, the menu is entirely a la carte so fries and sides are extra.  The fries are also worth the money and come in a few varieties including sweet potato.

On my most recent trip I ordered the Red Ale burger - beef patty with bacon, fried egg, o'brien potatoes, and mornay sauce.  It was delicious.  Others have said it was overkill, but I think that was kind of the point.  It had great flavor and it was decadent.  My dining companions had the Lager Burger (with onions, mushrooms, and cheese) and the Pilsner Burger (cheese and pilsner sauce).  Both got high marks as well.  One of my dining companions also noted that the garlic parmesan fries were the among the best fries he's ever had - a glowing review to be sure.

Perhaps the best part of Anthony's is the beer selection.  Several craft bottles are available for $5.  Considering some strip casinos charge more for cans of bud light, this is a great value.  The only thing that would improve the beer selection is if Anthony's could tap into the draft selection at 32 Degrees across the casino floor.

M Resort is not too far from my house and I'm there frequently.  Anthony's Gourmet Burgers & Brews is one of my favorite places to go when I want a great burger for a decent price.

One side note - what's with the chairs?  They're a little low to the table and the angle of recline is a little relaxed.  It's an odd sitting position.
Burgers are nothing special! Fries are super soggy! Not worth the hype!!
Service was great
solid food and the best part of the service was the hosting but sitting at the bar was no help I might as well sit in my house and open a beer myself there was a trainee behind the bar as well but for virtually being empty I would say the bartender  it could had been more guest oriented as for the rest I could be back for a to-go order the best of this place be great fully greatest at the door and eat something later. I'll be a round two not soon unfortunately there are many other places with high expectations to try
I love this place especially Ftidays for the Prime Rib special! Great cut and ever so tender. Great beer specials and plenty of tv's.  Our waiter Eric was very responsive and looked after us. Will ask for him again. 

Now off to my favorite blackjack table.
Great burgers............great view.
This used to be one of my regular places. However, my last visit concluded with the staff servicing the restaurant and themselves and not me and my guests. I was entertaining guests and we went in for drinks 10 minutes before 10pm (closing time). The bartender refused to serve us and advised us to waive down a server. The server served us and when my additional guests arrived to join us, the bartender refused to serve them as well and our server brought us the check with no acknowledgment of my guests. The Manager watched and did nothing. As an ambassador for the hospitality industry, I am embarrassed and disappointed. There are too many great places in this town to waste your time here.
This was a great experience all around and we keep talking about going back! The ambiance is nice as its a quaint little area in the M with a nice view of the pool area.  The hostess was great as she sat us and asked if we were comfortable at that table (there was a breeze from the air vent) and easily moved us.  The waiter was fantastic, giving us recommendations, keeping our drinks full and checking on us appropriately.  
The food was great! Didn't get any appetizers, though some looked good, due to the size of the burgers we saw around us.  I got the IPA burger and he got the Imperial burger.  All the burgers there have a component named for a beer and you can tell the depth of flavor.  The IPA burger was great, cooked how I had asked with the right balance of chili's and bbq flavor.  He really liked the Imperial burger as it was full of meat with short ribs and mushrooms on top of the burger! The buns were great quality and all together just what I wanted from a burger.  We shared the garlic parmesean fries and they were a great addition with great flavor.  
We got the red velvet cake which was obviously good as I didn't even get a bite, and the peanut butter pie which was fantastic! Best dessert I have had in a long time and I couldn't even finish it! Peanut butter mousse on top of a oreo like cookie with fudge, then covered in caramel and peanut butter cups on top! Bliss on a plate! 
The convenience of the M along with the great service and food will definitely make this a regular spot for us!
Easy 5 star experience all around. Eric is a great server.

I was scratching my head to figure out a place to have her birthday dinner.  So, Anthony's, being close, sounded good.  And, I'm a total sucker for a good burger.  And, a good burger is what we had.

We had reservations for 7 on Thursday Jan. 2nd.  Even if we didn't have reservations, we would have still been seated immediately.  The place was very quiet.  We were seated by the window overlooking the pool.  But, the pool area was dark so you couldn't see it very well.  But, you could see the distant lights and that was nice.  The hostess asked us if the table was ok as there was a little draft coming though.  We decided to move to a different table.  So accommodating.  We had a chance to look through our menu's while our drinks were being made.

Eric, our server, came to the table and answered our questions and made a couple of recommendations as well.  He was extremely helpful.  I went with the Imperial Burger and asked it with no onions.  She got the I.P.A. burger with all of the fire on it.  I'm not into the over spicy but the burger looked great.  Eric brought out our burgers and mine came out with the onions on top.  I had to send it back.  Can't do Onions!!!  So, the problem was rectified promptly.  Eric came out and apologized for the mix up.  Stuff like that happens so it wasn't a big deal.  

We feasted on the burgers, which were cooked perfectly.  Juicy and messy, just the way a burger should be.  We also had some Garlic Parm Fries which was a great side.  I could eat those as my main course.  Eric then came out with a piece of Red Velvet Cake as a comp.  I think it was because they put onions on my burger.  Great customer service.  We also ordered a piece of Peanut Butter pie which was decadent and sweet.  

This may become our new place.
I went to this great eatery inside the M casino. I was blown away by the service and food. Eric was my server and he was so attentive and I wanted for nothing. I think he was a good mid-western boy North Dakota, I think is where he was from. Anyway the place was packed and the vibe was really cool. If you go to the M and want a burger hit this spot up.
I went here on accident after the hash house closed in the M.  THE BEST veggie burger I have ever had. I have not eaten meat in 5 years so I have eaten a lot of veggie burgers. Most of the time if they are made in house they are awful and fall apart. This one was fantastic! Great flavor and texture. Great bun and cheese and I added a fried egg...perfection. Will go to the smelly casino just to get another burger!Worth the price. Great French fries also. My meat eating family was all happy with their burgers too!
The M really has a good selection of great restaurants, and Anthony's is no exception.  Finally came by when we were hungry and this place was open - we've been trying for a few trips now.  Hung over a bit, the wife and I shared a bacon cheeseburger and pot stickers.  Both were good, and I'd like to go back and try some other items on the menu.
Went in on a Tuesday night during happy hour 4-6. They have half off apps but I did to order any. They have a amazing black berry mojito that you should definitely try. Ordered the cheese burger. Sweet potatoes fried and the Asian salad and split it all between the two of us. It was all cooked perfectly, tasted great. The only problem I have was out waitress. She wasn't very personable or nice. Take her out of the equation and you get 5 star.
Yum Yum Yum Yummmy.  Beautiful, comfy dining area - sat right by the window overlooking the pool area.  Service was awesome, but it looks like they don't have fried zucchini anymore.
For two, ordered Wings extra cripsy with all sauces on the side and an order of bacon cheese fries for our appetizers.  I can do without the wings next time, they weren't bad, but they weren't spectacular either - just forgettable that's all.  Hubby loved the fries.
Our mains, I ordered the Pilsner w/ bacon and hubby got the Red Ale and we shared an order of Garlic Parm fries.  The burgers were amazing - didn't even need any of the side condiments - so juicy and cooked perfectly for the thickness.  The fries were okay - probably can ask for them extra cripsy next time...i didn't care for either flavor, maybe might just choose the plain salt & pepper ones if we ever come back.  I have a feeling we will, but might not be for a while - the prices are not everyday budget fare.

Oh, and watch out for the blind steps! Witnessed an older woman trip on her way out and bust her mouth - blood everywhere, was so sad to see, but all the employees from the restaurant staff to managers and security were quick to assist.

Overall so far for gourmet burgers - the best atmosphere, service, quality and pricing you'll find out of all the major casinos out here.
Great place to eat. Get a couple of different fries and share them.  Staff is well trained in service.
The service here is a COMPLETE disaster, from our waitress to the management to the kitchen. 

FYI: Our waitress tonight was Jackie. 

My fiancé and I came here for a simple date night dinner. The first disappointment was that this place does not serve beer on tap. 

We then ordered two Micro Burgers and an order of Parmesan fries to share. The fries came out first, about 20 minutes before our burgers. Don't know if it was the loud atmosphere or the language barrier, but our waitress got our burger orders wrong. She brought us each a burger with grilled mushrooms and heavy cheese. Once we grabbed her attention, we let her know that these were not the burgers we ordered, maybe someone else's? After much back & forth, she finally understood our problem, apologized and offered to have the cook "scrape off mushrooms and put goat cheese on them". She explained that this would be much faster than waiting for a fresh Micro Burger. Uh, no. Who even offers that? WTF???

And then? She returned with the same burgers, just with the mushrooms scraped off. Really?!?! OMG....so angry. 

We politely told her these were again, NOT what we ordered and did not just want the mushrooms scraped off. We wanted MICRO burgers, which came with goat cheese, avocado and marinated tomatoes. She actually said "that goat cheese" and pointed to the melted cheddar cheese on the burgers. OMG, really?!?! Now she's just lazy and thinks we are stupid and trying to push the current burgers off on us anyways??? WOW. Completely unacceptable. 

We knew at this point that we were gonna be here awhile waiting for the kitchen to do it right. In the meantime, our fries got cold so we ordered another basket as a fresh replacement. 

She came back a third time with the correct burgers. Why the hell this took so long is beyond me. New fries were served as well. We ate our dinner an hour later than we planned. The fries here were limp and greasy, the burgers....after all that mess....were just ok. 

We got our check and just wanted to pay and get out. The service was beyond horrible and our waitress knew it. The manager knew it. But the attitude here was a big fat OH WELL, WE DON'T CARE! There was never an offer to comp any of this disaster, we were actually charged for two burgers and two fries. I paid for it, but I was pretty disgusted. 

So: That being said, we will not be back. We're locals and we love a lot about the M Resort, but there's no way in hell I will be back at this burger hole. I will also think twice before driving out there for the wine bar, the day spa or the buffet as well. Which sucks. Service is everything. 

We will also make sure friends and family are aware of the poor treatment we received. It was just plain wrong. No sense of customer service here whatsoever. Big fat FAIL.
This was actually my groups third choice as far as eating today. Unfortunately the pool was closed and the Hash House is gone. We arrived after the lunch crowd and we're asked to wait for a table that was already empty. 

The menu seems promising. The drinks are reasonably priced.

Upon ordering, I wasn't asked how I want my burger cooked. Which usually doesn't matter except that mine came well over cooked... When it eventually came. 

After waiting 20 minutes for our food, already starving, we asked about it to the hostess. She said she's check and proceeded to head back to her station. Meanwhile, one of our girls noticed a tray of food just sitting on the other side of the bar and a couple of waiters asking each other who's food it was sitting in the ope

Our food proceeded to sit until I eventually stood up and flagged the servers over to our table. 

Our food was cold, we had to remind our server that we wanted a water refill, and we were fairly ignored. Truly terrible.
Space is off the lobby with views of the pool and the Strip - great atmosphere. Vibe was sports oriented with lots of flat screens broadcasting the Wisconsin v Arizona NCAA game. 

Burger was good but the service ( Erin  from South Dakota) was not. It took 40 minutes to get our burgers and the Rings arrived at table cold and in edible. They comp'd our coconut shrimp app and the rings - which was appreciated. But would have preferred to have gotten our food timely and hot. The establishment was not particularly busy - so it was hard to imagine what the problem was....judging from other yelp reviews this place has service issues.
To kick off our Vegas weekend, my friend suggested we stop at this place for an amazing burger and brew (well, wine for me).  The dining area is both beautiful and comfortable with large windows for outdoor viewing.  I decided I would go with the stout burger, where I unfortunately had to omit the stout mustard (not a mustard fan). Ordered a Cab to drink before the meal arrived, which was pleasant in both aroma and taste.

Then, out came this beautifully stacked burger!  They give you a knife to cut the heaping burger in half, but this hungry woman was NOT shy.  I put that knife to the side and dove right in.  The beef was cooked to a perfect medium!  The flavors were savory and juice went dripping down my hand.  

My friends and I also ordered the white cheddar bacon fries.  Can we say oralgasm in a paper cone?!  YES. Oh they were AMAZING.  I WILL be making a return trip to this place - especially because I didn't get the chance to try dessert!
After a great night at the Hostile Grape in the M Resort, we needed to eat! I was with a group of friends and we were low maintenance. Somewhere in the M that offered great food at an affordable price was alright in our books. This place was conveniently open at the moment so the decision was made!

Speaking of convenience, this joint is directly above the Hostile. Such an easy decision! The restaurant is completely open and part of the casino. In fact, the open vibe makes for the the dramatic affect. Large floor to ceiling windows offer a lot of lighting during the day and great valley views at night. There are multiple level seating for a variety of guests. When we visited this place they are just about to close, so the service, although cordial, was a little bit rushed. Our server was very patient and nice enough to offer split checks for the table. 

For my late night dinner, I decided on the Imperial burger for $13.  A burger made to order, topped with stout braised short ribs, mushrooms, Gruyere cheese and caramelized onions. This burger was served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickle spears on the side. You also have the option to add fries for another $5. They have different flavors and toppings, however, I just chose the salt and pepper fries. Man, what an amazing burger! The temperature I chose was medium rare and it was perfectly cooked! The burger was seasoned very well. The short rib was tender and  shredded over the top and offered a sweet element. I loved the smokey taste of the Gruyere which to me, helped to marry all the flavors. This burger was delicious! The fresh fries were also a treat. You could tell they were homemade. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, the fries were also seasoned lightly. Great side dish as well!

This burger joint was the perfect way to end our Friday night. It was exactly what we were hoping for: great food at an affordable price. The M Resort has really hit it on the mark with this restaurant. Couple with the Hostile, these are two great reasons to keep coming back! Thank you so much Anthony's, great food which made for a great night!
I have eaten here a number of times and never had a bad meal.  The prime rib and burgers and beer all good.
Service was good but the food was underwelming. They need  to get rid of the word gourmet.
Had 2 stars but now that I am sick have to go with the minimum of 1 if there was an option for none I would rate it a zero. We will never be back. Avoid the micro burger (only ate 1/4 of it because it was so discusting).
I may have reviewed Anthony's when it first opened but we ate there again tonight (probably for the 5th or 6th time) and I felt I had to revisit my thoughts. The last few times before today it felt as if they stopped trying but tonight was phenomenal. Appetizers were crispy wings and pot stickers , both very good. The stars of the evening were the white sangria (we could only get out of the server that Chardonnay and Apple Pucker were involved ( he would not reveal all the ingredients)  and the  Red Ale Burger...oh my.....medium rare delicious burger covered with sunny side  up egg wth crisp bacon, amber ale mornay sauce and o'brien potatoes ( hash browns)  with lettuce tomatoe and pickles on the side (I piled them on)....freaking delicious. I'd do it again and again. Check out Anthony's Gourmet Burgers at M if you live in Las Vegas.
Prêt teh, prêt teh, prêt teh good burger!

Cruised in early evening for a beer and a burger - I had the Micro burger which is avocado, new belgium fat tire tomato, goat cheese, mixed greens and lemon pepper. I exchanged the mixed greens for onion and added some sliced jalapeño...oh yummy!!!

That burger was like lead and with a couple of Arrogant Bastard ales I just about needed a cot! 

Atmosphere was pretty cool - the bar chairs don't seem like they would be comfortable but they actually are - very comfortable.

The only complaint I would have is they don't have anything on tap - kinda strange for a place with brews in their name.
This place sucked! We went cause hash house but they closed, this place was open so we'd try it, nah, never again I can't even wright a review
ok, so i've been to this establishment maybe like 4-5 times since the first time...everytime I get closer and closer to making the ultimate order.  I know i knocked the wings the first time around, but to my surprise, they seem to have gotten better just after one re-try.  Almost perfect:

Wings, plain, extra well done crispy (get all the sauces on the side that way you can try all the flavors)
White cheddar bacon fries, extra cripsy
Pilsner burger w/ bacon, medium
Tropical fruit punch

By far, the best in town...
Ok i have been here a few times and the food is good. But who the hell is ordering the "brews" the special beer for the day is ballast point sculpin and THEY ARE OUT OF IT....WTF. We were also here like 4-5 months ago and the beer menu is the same.......really its june and they have october fest beer still on the menu....But they are out of them ALL except a pear cider which should not be on the menu alyway. They should just have a runner to get beer from 32 degrees at least someone there is sure running the beer portion better. I am VERY DISAPPOINTED in this place when it comes to beer. Please remove the "brews" name off the restaurant name until u actually have brews.
Breakfast is not worth the $$$!!!  $14 for bacon and eggs?  What is this the four seasons?  The oatmeal was runny and nothing I would come back for.   The special was chorizo burrito with Swiss cheese??? And no beans??  The chef must be from Idaho!  Mexican breakfast should be served with beans not potatoes!  And jack cheese!!!  This place is not for me! Anthony's is Overpriced & ordinary!
The first place I have been too in Vegas that is on par with Bachi Burger.  The burgers are creative, textured, and extremely satisfying. Every variation of French fries are also very good, with the sweet potato fries standing out from the pack. Highly recommend on all fronts.
Pretty place friendly staff just slow service but better then the long line for Breakfest at 
The South Point,
Went for a late lunch.  Location has a nice view of the pool.   They had a good selection of bottled beers but nothing on tap.  Ordered the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich.  Nice flavors but a little greasy.  Salt and Pepper Fries were average.   Friendly and attentive service.
I may or may not give these guys a second chance. No draft beer was available when I was there because their draft system was broken.  The selection of draft beers looked o.k. nothing outstanding but their bottle selection sucked. If a place is calling itself a brewery at least try and have some real beer. The worst part though was the food... $6 for a fried bologna sandwich? Are you kidding me? Cute names on the food but poor execution.
We planned to go to Nimbus for dinner the day after they opened, but knew it was going to be busy.  On a whim, my boyfriend called to see if we could make a reservation and was told that while they were still getting the computer terminals in place, they would call him back to let him know if it was a possibility for the time we wanted.  Sure enough, they called back and we got right in despite the hour-long wait for everyone else.

We were enjoying their delicious beers when the manager came over, looking for my boyfriend by name.  As it turned out, he was the one managing our "reservation" and wanted to welcome us personally.  Hello, VIP treatment!  He continued to check on us throughout the night, and even brought the owner over at one point - likely because our party grew from 4 to 6 to 9 to 12!  Regardless, we felt like we got the red carpet treatment, the customer service was that good.

They still have a couple kinks to work out - some of the wait staff was a little green, but I certainly wouldn't hold that against any of them on day 2 as they were all working hard to make a good impression.  

The food was good, but the beer was better.  I don't normally like certain beers (stouts, pale ales), but I would have been content sipping on any of them. 

They have a relaxing patio and a great vibe overall.  Although this particular restaurant space has seen some turnover (it was previously occupied by both Roy's and Taberna Mexicana), I hope they stay - I will definitely be back!
Better than average food (amazing wings!) , great atmosphere especially on the patio, and really good service by Nick M. We will definitely be back
I was excited when I heard Nimbus was coming to Scottsdale, their beer is yummy. Stopped in on the opening weekend and it's already a popular place. They have other local and craft brews as well as a nice wine list. I ordered the salmon salad and onion ale soup, both were delicious. A fun place to hang out with friends or family, I will definitely be a regular customer !
Love Nimbus!  I am so glad they have moved into the neighborhood.  I work over at Roka Akor and live in the Shea/Tatum area.  Besides Terroir Wine Pub there are not many options on places to go after work.   The staff is nice, there is a great vibe and the patio is going to be hoppin' every night.  I love the Monkeyshine and Oatmeal Stout drafts.  Great food too!

Thank you Nimbus!  You are going to kill it with the Industry crowd.
We love this place! Great vibe, amazing beer, and the food was just incredible. We started with the calamari, which is usually pretty standard. Theirs just blew me away it was so yummy. For entrees I got the seared Ahi Tuna, Mom got the baked Mac & Cheese(I gave her grief). Both were perfect. And the price point was pretty amazing a well.
The atmosphere is relaxed but still nice, Scottsdale flair without being pretentious. Plenty of TVs inside will make this a great place to be for games,(but still classy enough us ladies will want to come with). And hello, that patio is wonderful, plenty of seating outside and very cool features, can't wait to spend many Arizona summer nights sitting outside enjoying a cold beer.
love this place! great location, amazing patio, and dog friendly! And I usually dont like bar food, but they have really good food! Great place for happy hour and any hour! so glad its in the neighborhood!!
I'm pretty surprised that there are so many positive reviews. I suspect some of the reviewers work here or are friends of servers. Regardless, the most I can give this place is 2 stars.  They have a great layout, nice decor, and a wide selection of beers on tap (love that my favorite cider is on tap-that never happens!). HOWEVER, after saying all that, the food is just okay. It isn't bad, but it certainly isn't unique or memorable. The staff does not know the menu at all and none of them have had a menu tasting yet, so when you ask for feedback, they cannot tell you anything about the food.  The food choices are pretty limited as well. One other thing that was odd.  Today when I visited, they had an employee dressed up like a gorilla on the street corner, trying to bring in customers (their 'mascot' is a monkey). So that's weird (what are they, a cash for gold place?), but the weirdness graduated to obnoxious when the guy came into the restaraunt and intentionally started scaring customers.  He kept coming up behind patrons and catching them off guard.  Customers were good sports, but I would have been pissed if that had happened to me!  I felt like I was in the movie 'Trading Places.' Odd marketing choice for such an upscale neighborhood. Sadly, I predict this place won't survive the slow death of summer. If you just come here for a good beer and to watch the game, you won't be disappointed. The key is to not have high expectations.
Lot of guest taps here in addition to their regular lineup.  Food was fairly good, and reasonably priced for the area.  Wish they didn't use cold glasses for their ales though, and this isn't an unrealistic expectation for a craft beer brewpub.  When I asked for a room temperature glass I was told "that was a first" for them.  Service was ok.  Female bartender was easy on the eyes didn't know much about the beer, and after a couple questions about the taps I was informed that she's just a light beer drinker.

Note: located on the back row of merchants and not clearly visible from the street.
My wife and I stopped in despite the annoying gorilla on the street corner and we're glad we did. We were treated to outstanding service from the hostess, the greeter, our waiter (Chris), and the manager. The beer was delicious and the food was exactly what we were looking for (pub fare done well). We will definitely be back!
I've been here twice and enjoyed both visits.  Their red ale is very good.  The nachos and tri tip steak with fries were both enjoyable.  This is a good option for this part of town if you're looking for a casual place to hang out for a while.
Hidden gem in north Scottsdale. Happy hour ends at 7 and get there early to sit on the patio. Very unique native beers. We loved the angus tri tip quesadilla. Also our server Jade was amazing she was busting ass serving impatient families and still served us with a big smile.

We will definitely be back!
Loved the atmosphere of this place. Enjoyed the pretzel, beer, and chicken sandwich. Waiter was on the so-so side, but friendly needless to say. Owner, David, made a point to stop at our table, (he recognized someone from our table). Nice guy. 

Overall, I'd be back to visit Nimbus !
First, I hope management notices that this is a repeat review urging them to get rid of the gorilla. 

I was excited to see a brewery open up over here but I was let down with the food and the Nimbus beer. 

We've tried pretzels, fried jalepenos, sliders and the spinach artichoke dip (no flavor, except for the chives and would never recommend or order again). I've tried all of the different beers and favorite so far is the red, with a taste of honey, but all the other beers are just okay. 

We asked our server if they have a Nimbus IPA, he said yes, but then returned to let us know he was confused and suggested some other local beers.

It's kind of a weird vibe because it seems like brewery but there is a mascot gorilla running around to be awkward with patrons and they have cartoons on TV during happy hour. I'm not sure which demographic this place is supposed to appeal to. 

Server was nice, attentive and kept glasses full and I do really dig the patio so I'll round this rating up to 3 stars. 

They're brand new and they have good happy hour so I'll be back to give them and their other menu items another try, as long as I don't see the gorilla in the front.
I waited a week to write this. Still fuming about our "experience". It was our first time so we did no come in the front door, but rather an entrance by the bar. After scoping the situation, we asked the HOST if we could sit at one of the high tops in the bar area. Sure! We sat 5 minutes without being greeted. Watched the host lean on things and banter with staff. A server came by with a plate of onion rings "Onion rings?" she asked. Nope, not us. Next table, nope. Third table was a winner. Also saw another server come out of kitchen with a plate of food in each hand, walk slowly toward the dining area, looked bewildered, and went back into kitchen. I KNOW you have only been open 3 weeks, but I would START with table numbers, Nimbus. Our server finally arrived in a very casual manner. We ordered waters and 2 beers. Table next to us ordered another round, they got served first. We thought it was strange that there were no coasters or bevnaps. It was also hard to believe the let their hostess come in looking slovenly, wearing a wife beater with exposed, dirty, twisted bra straps, jeans, and dirty tennis shoes. While our server came back to our table, the manager joined him and said, "well, at least you got this table water." We asked if they had coasters, he said he just hadn't brought any cocktail napkins. I asked if  they could adjust the air, I could hear/feel the A/C blowing at 7pm at night. She said no. I asked if she was the GM and she said "no, I'm just a lttle peon manager-" and flittled away. Our 2nd round took a while and when arrived had lost it's head and was down 1/2 inch from the top. Sorry Nimbus, I love you in Tucson. We were fully planning on eating here, the food looked decent, we could see the kitchen from where we sat and they seemed to be keeping up quite well. the beer was good. If I started a new business, I would overstaff and give servers 2 or 3 tables until you got dialed in. You were obviously overwhelmed.
Met up with a bunch of our friends for our "Getting The Hell Out Of Arizona Forever" farewell shindig. They were really accommodating about us not being sure how many would show up. We had to add extra tables, and all had separate checks, and they were totally cool with it. 

The good? The BEER! I mean, come on people- it's freaking Nimbus. I don't think they've ever made a *bad* beer. And surprisingly, it's not as expensive to get a pint here as it is to get it in the store. 

The bad? Just like all of Arizona (cultural wasteland that it is), they don't understand what veganism is. When I order a veggie burger, and I'm incredibly clear on why- going so far as to say that I don't even want the bun grilled, just in *case* they use butter- I get to be pissed off when they serve me a turkey burger, and tell me it's veggie. 

Yes, you read that right. They served me a TURKEY BURGER. I mean, I get it- turkey burgers? No substitute for beefy goodness. But it's STILL MEAT. I know I don't eat it anymore, but I think I know the difference. So I demurely spit the meat into my napkin, and call the waitress over. I ask- are you SURE this isn't turkey?

She goes in to the kitchen, comes back and promises me it's a veggie burger. I don't want to ruin my last time hanging out with my friends in AZ, so I nod and say ok. But this absolutely ruined the day for my wife and I. If it wasn't for the beer, it would have been a complete loss- but then, that's what beer is supposed to do. Make bad things better. 

So to Nimbus, I say I'll keep drinking your tasty brews, but teach your staff what vegan means. It's actually kind of a popular thing these days. 

And one more thing: tell the dude in the monkey suit to leave people alone. I just about knocked him out.
This is a cool place and the inside is pretty nice.
I will say that the interior is much nicer than any other brewery I have been to.
The Pale Ale is Bush League, but the Nut Brown and Hefe were amazing.

The manager, David, was very knowledgeable.
This is the best value in Scottsdale great food and drinks, Staff was great and friendly.
I have eaten there over 10 times now and everytime its been great, I will go back this week again and suggest you do also.
I have been here twice now, and I like Nimbus. I can walk from my house which is a definite plus. :) The patio is cool. The inside is too sheik for a brew pub I think. Still has Taberna written all over it. They need to rough it up a little. I love that they feature artists and musicians on the weekends. They have a really cool fire pit- but it's too hot to have it on now. The bathroom was disgusting when I went in there the 2nd time- no towels to dry your hands, full to the brim trash, water and soap all over the counter top, no place to hang your purse, one stall lock broken. The food is hit or miss- I really like the soft pretzel, but the creamy onion soup is terrible. The tri tip sand which is delicious, but the meatballs were just so-so. They have really good drink specials, happy hour goes until 7 and they have a reverse happy hour after 10 I believe it is, which is nice. They have really decent beers, I have tried 4/6 of them and their cocktails are good too. :) They have little plastic monkeys in a cup on the counter for the kids.
nimbus...i like your beer and i was excited to hear you were coming to my neighborhood. 

first off i went with my family, we were a party of 4. stood around waiting for the hostess to seat us and ended up waiting for a good 10 minutes before anyone even asked how many were in our party. after waiting for probably...20-30 minutes to be seated our waitress took our drink order and then came back for our food order. i understand its busy on a friday night, but there were a lot of open tables outside and we even said "first available inside or out" 

ordered food...then waited....and waited....and waited some more. 45 mins or so later our food comes out. no one ordered anything complicated or made any changes to it. the only change was my dad had a salad and just requested "light on the cheese". his salad came out with NO dressing on it whatsoever. i ordered the western burger. a burger with cheese, bacon, bbq sauce, and crispy onions. what did i get? a burger with cheese and bacon. that was it. no bbq sauce, nothing else on it. the other 2 orders seemed right. overall after waiting so long for the food, and then having to wait even longer for it to be right i didnt find it that great. im not too picky when it comes to food, but i wasnt even that good of a burger.

id really like to give you a shot nimbus, maybe just to come have a beer sometime but tonight's experience made me not want to dine at your establishment again. get your act together. even the wait staff didnt even know what table was getting what, or what number tables were. overheard this quite a few times.
This place would get 5 stars if they changed their music (pub music instead of lmfao would be nice). 

Anyway...we have gone twice and their food is great and their $9 beer sampler is amazing. 

I love places with good beer and good food...this place is fantastic.  Try their sweet potato fries (to die for) and their tri-tip and their chili hot pot (yummm)

I see other reviews with bad service--both times we have gone, we did a super early dinner (5pm) since we have a baby.  We got excellent service but maybe it was due to it being not busy.
I was really excited to try this place this last weekend... None of us were overwhelmed by our food, but it was good and the beers were tasty.  I had the buffalo chicken pizza. The chicken was a bit over-cooked due to being on top of the pizza cheese, and when i went to eat the leftovers the chicken was nearly jerky-style.  My favorite thing was the seasonal beer, a Belgian Wit.  Quite good!! Too bad its a seasonal.  =/  Our server was friendly and the restaurant has a lot of indoor and outdoor space.  I think I might like this more for a happy hour spot where I just have a couple beers along with a snack from the apps menu. I should probably try to get there again before that Wit disappears from the menu!
This place is new, so despite a couple service issues, im going to give it an A-.  Nimbus is exactly what it says it is, a place for top-notch beers.  dont expect to come in and be blown away by the food, but the beer and the ambiance on the other hand are a home run.  the owners/managers are always present, you can tell they are actively involved to ensure you have a great experience.  plus the gorilla tossing the sign on the street corner always makes me laugh...
Sad to say I was let down once again by Nimbus.  My first experience was when they first opened and we were seated and no one came for 15 minutes.  I chalked it up to it being new and everyone running around all crazy...Went last night and things still seem to be in disarray.  Sat in the bar for beer as I figured that would be the one thing that couldn't go too wrong.  Our waitperson while nice was not trained or all that knowledgeable about the beer or what was and wasn't available. Seemed like pretty basic stuff....I suggest sitting outside by the way but because they are cigar friendly expect to smell 'em! As we sat by the kitchen it was impossible not to observe the complete lack of order and communication between the staff..We did not try the food but they really need to get a handle on being to identify orders and which tables they belong to.  It seems like a family run place and they probably are decent folks but I am not sure if they should be running a restaurant
Since opening I have been to Nimbus four times. Right now I can only give them two stars. I hope they improve or they will not see me again. 

Food: No complaints on food. I didn't expect haute cuisine just good choices at a reasonable price. They have both. 

Beers:  good choices and I like the Pale Ale and Monkeyshine. However, they have to fix their delivery system. I was there on two consecutive Fridays during happy hour and both times they had problems with their lines. One night I never did get to have a Pale Ale and the other Friday their PA and Monkeyshine lines were broken. They got them back on line when we were leaving. 

Service: The managers need to be replaced. They are not training the servers correctly. I am not knocking the severs; just management. Even when they were not busy, servers stood around and did not interact with patrons. Three servers came to our table a total of four times and still couldn't get the beer order right. During one happy hour I saw the hostess come out with several plates and she had no clue as to the table the food was going to. She finally walked back into the kitchen with the food. 

There are too many other places to get a fresh brew: Four Peaks Scottsdale and Yardhouse to name two. Nimbus needs to get their act together.
Love this place! Great neighborhood hangout and the Mug Club is awesome. The patio is dog friendly too!
I checked out this place with some friends for a Sunday Funday.  I have tried Nimbus beer but never have been to the bistro in Tuscon.  Justin, our fabulous waiter, gave many great suggestions for us to try.  We started with the Pretzel and devoured it in seconds.  I had the Pork Chop which was a good portion of meat.  It was matched perfectly with the apple cranberry compote and yummy garlic mashed potatoes.  We also tried the Ahi Tuna with gralic mash potatoes and the Grilled Chicken Pesto.  Everyone was pleased with the food and service.  The beer was great.  I really wanted to try the seasonal but they were in the middle of changing to a new beer.  I will definitely be back for a visit.
This place is awesome for the craft brew lover. Not only are the Nimbus beers fantastic but they are not too pretentious to deny other Brews a spotlight. Right now they have Ska Brewing's Modus Hoperandi as one of their many guest brews. Great food too.
A brewery in the Scottsdale/ Paradise Valley area? Surely you jest.

It's true! AND its kind of hidden in the middle of a ritzy strip mall. When you walk into this place, it looks nothing like a brewery- the decor is very bistro.

We enjoyed their beer, and their happy hour menu is different, but good.

The service was great at first. But the later it got, the busier it got, and it seemed like our waitress was the only one working. We spent about an hour trying to flag her down for our check.

The food was great. I had the chicken pesto sandwich, while tasty, gave me a bit of food poisoning. The rest of our group enjoyed their eats: the "famous" meatballs, burgers, and pizza. And they were all fine.

If you go, dont be surprised that its not your typical brewery, and stay AWAY from the chicken.
This place needs to close their doors, get their act together, and then reopen. The atmosphere is boring and it is obvious that they did the bare minimum coverup from the last restaurant. The food is horribly boring and has no flavor. I ordered the chicken and avocado pizza and it literally tasted like nothing! We also got the nachos (which was actually just a plate of chips with one tiny pinch of cheese and soggy beef). In addition, the server didn't put in my order for my pizza, hardly apologized and then brought it to me 30 minutes after my friends were done eating. One of my friends ordered the ahi tuna and it was switched with someone else's special order so that had to go back to the kitchen and be reordered as well. The only thing I liked was the beer, and that too took forever and I had to remind my server several times to get me a refill. Way to much effort to get food and drink that is sub par at best.
Not quite what I expected.  Looks like the old tenant (Taberna) just left their stuff and Nimbus put a sign or two on the walls.  The feel of a pub/brewery just isn't there.  It's definitely not as cool as their Tucson location.  Their beer is the same though.  Not my favorite but pretty decent.  Here is the rundown:

* meatball appetizer = very good - 6 big, juicy meatballs and tasty sauce on the side

* wedge salad = HUGE and reasonably priced but just not that good.  Just had tomatoes, blue cheese crumbles and red onions....that's it.

* roasted chicken = very good, pretty juicy and had a nice kick to it

* service = just ok.  not spectacular.  our waitress was pretty friendly but I didn't as many diet coke refills as I would have liked and she didn't give us an itemized receipt

* local dines gift certificate = awesome.  get one before you go because it is so worth it and you can use it for beer - ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ )
Got the chicken caesar and the chicken came out pink. Grossed out about the whole thing and not like I have a reason to go back (its a bit out of the way) but now that's what I think of. Beer was alright, nothing special.
Beer is almost a 4, food is a 3, service was a 4.5.  + Check in deal makes it a 5.  Add that up and divide by the hungry fellow and you get a 4.  

I got a pretzel and an oatmeal stout pulled pork burger.  Forget the pretzel, it's a essentially a utensil to enjoy their amazing sauces.  Even if you don't like pretzels or the sauce, it makes for a great palate cleanser between beers.  The burger was nothing spectacular.  I don't know where the oatmeal stout in the sauce, but it might have been in there. 

Best part of the trip was getting a got a complete education beer mixology.  WHAT PEOPLE MIX BEERS!   I learned about the Stumbler and the Snake bite; ask and you shall receive.  

Sampler note: Make sure to bring another mouth to finish a sampler, unless you plan to taxi and walk home.  
Beer Recommendations:
Lady friend who hates beer: Snake Bite
Hop Head: Pale
Complex Beer Drinker: Stumbler or MonkeyShine

Pilsner.  light and amazing wheat finish, I can drink this all day
Blonde ok little citrus, Pilsner was better
Pale. Light with dry bitter finish, not for average drinker 
Red. Simple hoppy red 
Brown. a bit darker crispy red
Oatmeal. Not smooth enough for a dark oatmeal,  surprisingly a bit hoppy 
Old Monkeyshines. Simply intriguing

 If you are looking for a clean cut safe beer place with decent food and some beer geeks, Nimbus is your place.
Disappointed. Was so hoping for more, in food & beer. When you compare them with Papago Brewery in south Scottsdale they don't even come close. The food was just okay and everyone's beers (4) were barely cold. This is AZ, we want beer cold, ice cold. I know, I know, real beer drinkers drink theirs on the warm side. But yuk!  And the beer selection wasn't as extensive as it should be. Service was fine, but not exceptional, which I didn't expect it to be. I guess the biggest disappointment was the warm beer.
I have to preface this by saying that I am a fan of Nimbus beer, and I have heard nothing but great things of the Nimbus in Tucson. We stopped by the other night with the in-laws and my dad for a bite.

First, the staff was VERY friendly, and we were seated promptly. Everyone at the table ordered a beer (except me, preggo lady.) I did look at the menu to see if they had anything non-caffeinated, non-alcoholic to order, and sadly they didn't. I know O'douls is boring, but would have been fun to see that on the menu. Anywho...

We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an app - it came out quickly and it was SO good. We gobbled that up.

For dinner I ordered the patty melt, and the hubs ordered a burger that was served open-face on two pieces of texas toast, smothered in cheese & french fries. It was every man's unhealthy wet dream.

The portions were large, and the food was great! The only complaint we have is that the music was too loud. I'm a person that can appreciate music in a bar / restaurant, but the music was so loud that we could barely hear each other at the table. 

We'll go back, but probably try to sit closer together or outside to avoid the music, should it still be so loud.
great beers!! and the food is quite tasty as well!
Servers don't fully know the menu or the specials
We recently had a family dinner here, and we all enjoyed this place.  I got there a little early so I sat down at the bar and the bartender noticed me quickly and got me served.  The main draw to the place (for me) is the variety of beers that are available as Nimbus is a brewery down in Tucson.  I enjoyed all of the beers that I had (a brown, a red, and a monkeyshine), but my favorite was the brown for it's "nutty" taste.  I'm not sure if that's the right word, but it was good.  It's not the cheapest place in the world, but the happy hour was $3 for a pint of good beer, so no complaints there.

We will be back here with family outings and friends alike.
Is this a brewery or a Cocos?? I was so confused walking in to this place. The ambiance is horribly lacking and I could not get it off my mind.  Aside from some Nimbus posters on the wall and a piece of copper brew equipment in the corner (by the fireplace) you would have thunk this was whatever mediocre North Scottsdale restaurant lived here before.
 
The service was very odd - our dear young waiter's only experience with beer is probably from high school parties. My beer-nerd boyfriend tried to talk to him about beer several times and was met with an "uh huh..." and a quick exit each time. This is a brewery! This is where beer-nerds are supposed to go! Oh, he was also brought the wrong beer. And it took for-ev-er to receive drinks/food/check.
Heavy with the salt! Hubby and I decided to try this restaurant as we're always looking for new lunch spots. Our first impression should have told us to walk out as hard rock music was blaring and we tend to prefer places where we can have conversations while dining. Hubby had the B.W. Horseshoe (supposedly a house favorite) and I had the South West Chicken Salad. His entire meal was very heavily salted to the point where he could not eat his meal. The server graciously offered an exchange but Hubby was already beginning to feel the effects of the sodium so he turned it down. Also, the bread in the open faced sandwich was supposed to be toasted and the bread had not been toasted at all. My salad was just borderline okay. The chicken was very dry and the citrus dressing was so tart that it distracted from the other flavors on the plate. The restaurant did credit us for Hubby's dish. We also both noticed a foul smell coming from the area near the bar and bathrooms...sort of like the smell of standing water. The service was good, We won't be going back.
Being a fan of Nimbus beer I was looking forward to trying their Scottsdale location. Sadly, I think beer is more their strong suit.

Went with another couple, and got a seat quickly (good). Our server took our beer order and recommended the Monkeyburn Fried Jalapenos as an appetizer. He brought the Monkeyburns (good)... but no beer (BAD!). We had been nibbling, and in dire need of thirst quenching from the spice, when he showed back up asking abou the food. Uh... BEER PLEASE. 

Food took forty-five minutes to arrive (BAAAD). Apparently one of our dishes was goofed up (bad) and they wanted to fix it (good, but duh), and he just didn't bother to tell us until we flagged him down to ask WTF.

The food was good (good). Had the Green Pork Pot, and was so hungry by the time it arrived I inhaled it (bad (for me the next day)). Our server just couldn't seem to get it together, chatting with some friends of his at a nearby table. The kitchen also apparently didn't have it's act together, and a beer place that doesn't get you beer on time?

Sadly, won't be going back.
Upon entering, if the first thing that happens is three hot women at the bar turn to look at you and smile, quickly compelling you to look in all directions to make certain they're actually looking / smiling at you,  AND THEY ARE, then it's hard to be objective about writing a review.

The place was wonderful. 
Not because of the way too strong  IPA beer.
Or the soggy nachos.
Or the half off prices during happy hour.
But because three hot Scottsdale babes giving me a major eyeball f&^k. 

I'm coming back for more of this shit, oh-boy, howdy!

This was a long overdue booster-shot of self esteem. 
One that may just get me off the Wellbutrin once and for all.

If those same three are there the next time I go (tomorrow) I'll know something's fishy.
We checked this place out this afternoon for happy hour and really enjoyed it.  I love that their patio is pet friendly, the beer is $3 and the food is $5 - great deal!  The red ale was very good...excited to try the other beers on the next visit.
This was an OK place.  We were driving around looking for something new to try.  We stumbled across this place.  We loved the happy hour prices as we were able to try different things.  I ordered the nachos, pork sliders and jalapeno slices.  The only thing that was "boring" was the pork sliders.  Husband loved the jalapeno slices.  The nachos were unique. Hubby had fish and chips and said it was good. If you want a place to hang out, have a drink, and average food, this is it.
My family came to Nimbus on a Sunday afternoon looking to try out a new place that we had not been to yet.  It was pretty empty.  We sat down right away and were greeted by our server (who also happened to be a old theatre pal of mine from high school).  The service was good and everything we ordered was brought out quickly.  

We ordered the Monkeyburn (the fried jalapeños) as an appetizer for the table and we all enjoyed it.  Not too spicy, but has an after-taste kick.  I ordered the club sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the chicken pesto sandwich (his is the only other meal I can remember from the table). The club had three Texas toast slices in it, which is a little much for me, but overall, really tasty. The sandwich came with a side, so of course, I asked for sweet potato fries and I wasn't disappointed.  My boyfriend really enjoyed his chicken pesto sandwich.  Also, I had the brown ale, which I liked, but was a little heavy and a reason I couldn't finish much of my sandwich.

Overall, fine experience.  The ambience of the place was lacking.  I've read from other Yelpers that it looks like they haven't added or changed much from the restaurant before them.  I would agree.  Except of course from all of the monkey images around the place. The food from the rest of the family was just okay.  For a brewery, they left a lot to be desired.  With competitors like Four Peaks and Papago, they need to up their game in food quality and a cool environment.
Great place to meet up for good food and drinks if you have a family. 

We have been here 6 times and I appreciate how the place no longer pumps club music during the family hours now. 

We come here for good food (tri tip, salads, green chili are all great-avoid the burgers!) and great beer. They have high chairs for the kids and the adults can relax. 

Anyway, we are fans and regulars. If they continue to be so family friendly, they will continue to build regular family fans. Every new couple who shows up to join in on baby lunch dates...they also become regulars :) As soon as it's nice out and the RR park opens, we plan on making this our spot to eat at after playing at the park :)
Huge space and patio! Good check in special and a lot of beer on tap including my fave Left Hand Milk Stout! They featured live music on Saturday night and the bartender remembered us after only one prior stop in.  I like this space albeit a little removed; I'm definitely going back again!
Hurray for Happy Hour every day of the week! I wanted to stop by here on a Sunday after trying the Dirty Guera Blonde Ale. 

We decided to grab a table at the bar since we were just going to have drinks. After looking at the menu, I decided to try the Pale Ale to try something new. It was pretty good, but the Dirty Guera is better - like any naughty girl would be. 

After mulling over the happy hour menu, we decided to try the Monkey Bites. The fried jalapenos are pretty good and served with a cream cheese dip. Kinda like a deconstructed jalapeno popper. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WSdANzoNmwLPAVuVw5SOFw?select=D42jDggzSKlT6G152HMe6A#epOm3b7CX-q4chcgNqgk-w

Drinks were good, the service was good, the only thing that bugged me was the girl sitting next to us complaining the whole time about everything and anything. Lighten up and have a beer lady, it's HAPPY HOUR!
I attend trivia on Monday's here, and I'll tell you I'm nearly at my wits end.  This review is almost exclusively about Monday nights - so fyi.

The trivia guy is absolutely terrible.  Possibly a former (failed) karaoke event promoter or radio dj, but his methods are not pleasing.  From the music that's all cover bands (horrendous), to the constant plugs for karaoke Friday's, this guy tries really hard to make a fun night bad.

The staff seems to be in a constant state of change.  I don't think I've had the same server twice, and not that I haven't been seated in their area and seen them serving elsewhere, it's just an entire different crew nearly every time.  The food is good, a little pricey for bar food, but good nonetheless.
Not my favorite brewery in town but it was a pleasant experience. The beer selection is very good and the brews go down smoothly. Food was decent. Better than traditional bar food but far from great. Huge place could definitely accommodate a big party. Also a very nice patio.
I went here for my book club.  It was a nice atmosphere which felt somewhat like a sports bar but not too dark or noisy.  While there were tvs everywhere, they weren't obtrusive or loud (they may even have been muted?)  It is great that they have Happy Hour all day Mon/Tues/Wed during the summer!  Nice touch.  Their regular HH goes till 7 pm which is nice.  They didn't have any 'healthy' items on their HH but, with bar food, I guess you aren't going their to be healthy, huh?  Some members in my group opted for the pork sliders.  I got the chicken quesadillas without the beans and sour cream.  It was quite a full quesadilla and had a lot of chicken and cheese and a nice crispiness but was greasy.  Their portions were all generous.  The servers were friendly and very efficient.  One of the women in my group had a home brewed beer and she really enjoyed it.  They lost a star due to the food quality which was only mediocre.  All of us said the food was "just ok".  While i wouldn't seek this place out, I would go back again if someone else suggested it.
Friday night = loads of hotties; cute barmaid; above average food (my favorite is the fish-n-chips) and plenty of different beers on tap. My only minor complaint is their best scotch whiskey is 12 years old. 

Want another star? Lay in some good scotch!!
We found Nimbus to be like several others had said - nothing special.  The service was very attentive - 5 stars - but the food, beer, and atmosphere were just "OK."  Would not go back - too many other places to choose from.
The service was great, the beers were great and the pretzels rock.  The only downside is the location...sort of hidden in a rather dead shopping plaza.  I rarely drink pilsners but surprisingly their pilsner was my favorite from the sampler tray (the only way to go if you've never been here before).  Glad to have anothrr AZ brewery making a great product.  Keep it up Nimbus.
So much potential..

Bartender was a sweetheart. That's about it. Low prices & location might keep this place afloat. 

Vacuuming, mopping, & staff meetings during business hours are NEVER cool. Maybe I'm uptight?
I visited nimbus today with my fiancé and dog. They have an outstanding outside patio and are dog friendly. I'm on a special diet and the waiter was very accommodating with me. The food was excellent and I'm afraid everybody's missing out on a great place hidden just on scottsdale rd. service is always great! See you again really soon!
Nimbus has pretty decent beers. The place is pretty laid back and I have yet to see it be busy. The staff is friendly. Unfortunately, our food wasn't very good. My burger was undercooked and the bun was soggy. The manager did notice that we didn't eat much. She comped everything and said she would talk to the chef so I'll give it another chance.
Been three times so far...

Pro's
- beer is good
- food is decent

Con's
- is this a bar, micro brew, sports bar, or???

I am hard pressed to return just for the beer or food.  Nothing truly stands out.  I *wish* I could give better than a 3 rating, but detractors take away from what I hope this location would be.
Yummy happy hour every day
i love how they have a lot of the american comfort food i crave, but with their own little signature twist! I've had the monkey burn, their meatball app, and a super delicious salmon dish among others and everything was great!  i also love supporting local beers and nimbus makes it so easy!  my only problem is deciding which one!  i tried their Monkey Shine the other day, and wow! i do love a barley wine! hit the spot!!!  also, service there has always been great! i stop in usually for a later lunch and even when its slow my servers have been attentive, friendly, and give me my space when i need it (sometimes i stop in to do homework after class and need some peace and quiet to study).  My last visit in, Daniel waited on me, he was laid back with a huge smile!  Even though he was bar tending and i chose to sit at a table in the dining area (studying!) he didnt make me feel like i had him going out of the way for me or was a burden in anyway.  food came out promptly and he made sure my glass was always full!  i look forward to my next visit in!
If you want inattentive service and the worst wedge salad in Arizona Nimbus is open 7 days a week. Very disappointed with this experience and the apathy shown towards us when we addressed our concerns. They did at least comp the salad.
Always willing to give a new beer place a try.  I had heard that Nimbus had opened in the old Taberna site, and thought I would stop and see what it was.   I was really surprised, because I had heard such good things about Nimbus in Tucson, so maybe I was expecting to much.  The interior had little or no character.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender seemed bored and uninterested. I asked about the different types of beer, and she really had no idea how to describe them.  I ordered a draft of one to try, and then she handed me a menu - which actually had beer descriptions on it. It would have been nice to see that, prior to ordering.

That said, the beer was good, but not so good as to override the lack of ambience, and the average service.
Ok this was my 2nd time here and I think it worth a fair review. First of all Nimbus is a Tucson area brewery.  They have the brewery and a tasting room/restaurant like the one there in Tucson too. 

That being said when I first came in my my Cats shirt the waitress said "go cats' and I felt like I was at Nimbus in Tucson:-). My wife is a Sun Devil so she wasn't so impressed.

We had a GROUPON for 2 salads, 2 beers, and 1 pizza. Great deal for 15 bucks. We decided on Mac n cheese pizza, rye IPA, old monkey shine,and garden salads.  What can I say? The beer was great!!! And the salads were surprising good. The man n cheese pizza stole the show though. It was amazing. Yes bacon man n cheese on a pizza! 

During our first trip here they were playing Monday night trivia and we watched the Packers and Seahawks and the end of game call!  Fun time. 

We went here the next week after at the end of the UofA game. Too bad they did not play the game here. Some drama with PAC 12 and DirectTV.  Anyways Yelp unlocked us a pizza and beer for 10 bucks so I brought my friend here for the Mac n Cheese pizza and IPA. Great and my friend loved it too. 

All in all Nimbus is a great place. It's a little tucked away but very low key and friendly and plain old good beer and good pizza. Lots of TVs around and a huge patio. I will for sure be back here!
Stumbled upon Nimbus a few weeks ago and left impressed. Great selection of their own beer and others. Really great atmosphere with a fantastic looking outside patio. You can even bring your dog and sit there during day! The food has been top notch although I've only tried a couple things so far. A great addition to mid Scottsdale.
Haven't been back in a while just because I have been too busy.  I know they have gone through some ups and downs.  I am in the industry and I know.  Staff is always friendly.  The owner Renny is the sweetest guy and Regan the manager is kind and accommodating.  Give them a try!
Cute little outdoor area that is dog friendly. Loved the pretzel and dips and the spinach artichoke dip was awesome!  We enjoyed sampling all the beers with a reasonably priced flight.
They have a nice outdoor patio here and our server was very friendly. We had a Living Social for 2 three course meals along with a drink each. The fondue appetizer was good but then we waited about 45 minutes to get our salads, which really were just lettuce. The salmon was pretty good but the veggies were cold and you could tell the potatoes had been sitting for a while...our server apologized for the food taking so long and didn't charge us what would have been extra with our deal. The beer was okay but the house pinot noir was very good. Overall, we were not impressed with the food and probably won't go back.
I have given this place several chances, each time hoping it will be better than the last. The food is good, no complaints there, yummy carb-ful comfort food and okay salads. 

Problem is the service, or lack thereof I should say. On my first visit I sat on the patio for a full 20 minutes with no service, not even a greeting. I finally asked one of the servers who was cleaning off a table a few feet from me if I could order something to drink and have a menu. The second and third visits were pretty much the same, I didn't have to ask to be served but took them a long time to finally come to my table.

My last visit, just last week, I sat at a table on the patio and was never greeted or served, after 30 min I left.

Too bad, this place has great potential as a neighborhood hangout but after talking to others, it is well known that the service is poor.
I really love the beer and the food. On those qualities alone, Nimbus would rate a 5. Unfortunately, the service is generally pretty bad. I keep going back and as they have gotten to know me it has improved, but only with the staff that I have had before. If you get Wade as your server, rest assured that you are in good hands. There is a tall girl that does a great job too. Other than those two expect it to take 15 mins to get a beer after waiting 10 to get someone to take your order. I really like this place and want it to survive but it must get better.  Monday night trivia was a nice addition but not a great format.  You will want to rip your ears off while listening to recorded karaoke versions of music that hasn't been popular in 10 years between trivia questions.  Not sure if that is so the cheesy trivia master can avoid paying royalties on the music or if it is to promote his karaoke night, also horrible.  Nimbus clearly has no idea who it's target customer is and its getting tiresome. I'll keep coming back for the Horseshoe, but I'll never get used to the dread that accompanies the wait to see which server is going to disappoint me this time.  With any luck things will continue to improve and Nimbus can unseat the tired Zipps as my primary spot in that neighborhood.   I'm rooting for them but they seem determined to do everything wrong. Like closing at 10pm on week nights. You are a brew pub. People come to drink. When you close at 10pm, we don't even bother to stop by.  Why would we?
The Monkey Melt. A certified Angus beef burger nestled in between marbled rye bread slices and filled with sauteed onions and super melted cheese. Eat with an Oatmeal Stout. Questions?

The patio is cozily placed in the center of a petite outdoor shopping center. The "ice" (glass) fire place at the center of the patio was a nice touch. Seeing people kicking back with their dogs watching football on the patio and chatting it up made thie place seem very inviting. 

Indoors was crowded as well, but the set up was kind of strange. There were groups of tables set before you right when you walk in, and then a central aisle broke up the groups of tables interrupting them. There are no shortage of tvs above these tables. Long rows of tvs anchored on rows of lowered ceiling adorned the view as you looked up. A hoard of people were cramped in the long and narrow bar area on the left, yet on the right side there was a cute little living room type set up with two couches facing each other by a fire place and coffee table. I was surprised everyone was crammed on the left side when there'd be so much more space if people spread out. Whatever though, this is not my concern...

FYI, the Nimbus Fondue is not a true fondue. It's basically nacho chips served with a shallow dish of melted cheeses with other stuff in it. Would I recommend it? Unless you're a fondue snob, yes, because it's still very good! Who doesn't love nachos!!
Preface: I'm being nice
3 stars is an OK rating and I don't want my opinions to skew the rating scale but a 2.5 star option if available would be welcome, again I'm being nice.

This place is terrible. (I might be exaggerating)  I have heard horrible stories about the brewery in Tucson, how the beer is fine but the food is absolute crap.  I figured hey they are moving to Scottsdale in an area with an insane amount of delicious dining establishments, they have to of retooled that menu ... they didn't.  The beer honestly is good not great 4peaks IMO is at least 2x better (again being nice) but I respect a local presence and craft beer so I cant knock them for trying and building a successful brand.

That being said the food is really nothing special at all, they offer pairings like mac and cheese pizza (too gross to try) to things like salmon and steak (too fancy for here).  I tried a burger, usually safe with a mix of sweet potato and regular fries.  I also had the monkey shine which has the highest alcohol content (something I am supportive of) and even after that beer the food disappointed (how can that be?!).  It wasn't that the burger was horrible but it just wasn't anything special, it was bland and I got the western that had tons of stuff on it.   The biggest problem was the fries which ironically seemed to come out of the frozen food section of a local Frys Food and Drug (not even a signature, Kroger brand - house brand aka the worst).  A friend joining me had the wings, the wings were actually pretty good but they were wings and wings are gonna be good in a place like this especially after some beer so I feel that we should take that for what its worth.

With mediocre food at best and OK beer I don't see any reason to go here over 4 peaks.

Improve your menu and I'll give you another shot. :)
Okay, so I'm confused here. What are they going for? Is it a pub, or is it a high class Scottsdale restaurant affair? I mean, some of the artwork, I could expect to see in a tavern, but some of it was modern and NOT tavern fare at all. Along with that, 6 bucks for a Kiltlifter. Six bucks?! Christ, it's freaking cheaper at four peaks and they brew the stuff. I don't know, I just feel like they're having an identity crisis and taking it out on the patronage. If they can figure out what they're going for, then I think it'll be okay but...until then...I'm just confused.
A restaurant with a massive identity crisis. Nimbus has no idea if it wants to be a micro brew or just a casual restaurant in a fairly high class shopping center.  The space is too big and very under utilized.  It doesn't feel like a microbrewery.  Nearly every trace of the old tenant (Taberna) remains.  There's just a new coat of paint on the wall, some oddly placed monkey posters and statues, and several undersized flat screen tv monitors spaced too far apart.   There isn't much of bar scene, so I don't why I would come here to watch a game.  While I'm on the decor, I also need to ask what's up with the wine cooler in the dining room?  I must have spent half my meal steering in its direction wondering why it was there.  They could have put another booth is that corner, doesn't that make more sense?

The patio is big and looked like a nice place to enjoy a meal or drink on a cool night.  However, it's in the front of the restaurant and you have to walk through it to get to the hostess stand.  It actually felt a little awkward trying to find my way in and out of Nimbus.

The food isn't bad, but it's also not very memorable.  I had the monkey melt.  A pretty standard patty melt on marbled rye with grilled onions and american cheese.  Nothing I would ever dream about ordering again.  What I would dream about eating again is the sweet fries I ordered on the side.  Those may have been the best sweet potato fries I've ever had, but an awesome side dish is not going to bring me back to a restaurant.  My fiancé had the chicken pesto sandwich.  It was the definition of lackluster.  Not bland, just not very tasty.  It was also very soggy thanks to a lack of toasting the ciabatta roll it is served on.

The service was also not bad, but not great.  Another feature of Nimbus's identity crisis is the way the servers are dressed.  They're nearly unidentifiable.  They were wearing ASU or UofA t-shirts and jeans or shorts.  I don't have a problem with this (especially at an establishment that may be trying to sell itself as a sports bar), but until our waiter came to our table to ask for our drink order, we would have had no idea he was an employee.  Perhaps he should have worn an apron or a name-tag or something.  He also went pretty long stretches without checking up on us considering the restaurant was fairly empty.

So what is good?  The beer.  It's fairly good.  I've had some of Nimbus's brews that other bars and restaurants in Arizona.  If you're a pseudo-beer snob, and enjoy supporting local breweries (even if they're from out of Tucson) I recommend giving them a try.

Another big plus; Nimbus is on local dines (https://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) with a $25 for $12.50 gift  certificate which is applicable toward alcohol!
Closed?  Really?  It seems this place just randomly shut down, after much less than a year of being open.  Only went there once - we enjoyed the food, the ambiance, and the beer.  We recommended it to others as well.  Showed up on a Tuesday night for dinner and everything was packed up....?  A little searching on the web (Facebook, specifically) shows that they're done.  What a shame.
Groupon brought me to this joint....and been here several times over the past few months.  We went there tonight for dinner and *BAM*, there was a notice on the door that the place was being repossessed by the property owner.  It's CLOSED.  Another victim of Groupon.....so many deals on Groupon are from restaurants that go under.  This is one of many recent joints to go bye bye....

Return Factor - an obvious 0%
I am so bummed this place closed down!! I love Monkey Beer and the burgers rocked! Not sure why they closed but hope and pray they open another location in Scottsdale. In the mean time drive down to Tucson and try the brewery, its worth the drive!
Regret to inform, but last Thursday night, 11/29, the place was dark and the chairs and televisions were gone. CLOSED... I'm wondering where my friend goes to get back the $35 he paid for their beer mug program last week...

Passed their address on 12/10, their signage is down. They're toast... R.I.P. Nimbus
Y is this place closed? Didnt pay rent?
Brand new owners, took over Dave's Electric. There are still some changes being made to the menus, and the decor as well as the brews on tap, but overall, just an awesome chill spot to relax and have a drink. They kept a few of the original brews and added a Breckenridge Vanilla Porter as well as a 90 Minute DogFish Head. The new owners completely cleaned up and got rid of the frozen food (Woohoo!) All fresh food now makes up the menu. The club sandwich is massive but delicious with a jalapeno mayo. The blackened salmon sandwichi is amazing as well! My absolute favorite addition to the menu, is the Mad Hatter Plate. It is an original and certainly unique item. It is a plate of homemade macaroni salad, home fries, topped with your choice of cheeseburgers, hamburgers, hot dogs, or eggs. On top of that there is homemade chili sauce and mustard. It sounds a bit daunting, but it satisfies every desire! If you're just starving, if you're hungover, if you're drunk and need some food to soak up some alcohol... that plate will not disappoint! Give this place a shot! Youll love it!
OK, you guys have some work to do. I visited this spot when it was Dave's, twice. Once to try it out for the first time and 2nd because I was hoping it wouldnt be as bad as the first time. Wrong! I was really hoping that when it switched ownership, things would improve. Wrong again! 

The food: Simple bar food menu. Nothing special to make you want to come here. I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheese Burger. It comes with fried onions on it, so I request no fried onions. They bring the burger out with no onions (thank you) but also, no BBQ sauce. Now, how am I supposed to enjoy my BBQ burger with no BBQ? The server was friendly but not very attentive. After I realized my burger didnt have BBQ sauce, I had to wait over 10 minutes for him to come back in our area, make eye contact and ask if we needed anything else. Fries are basic freezer to fryer shitty fries. Is it really that hard to slice a fresh potato and fry it?

The beer: Because, lets be honest, this is why we came. HORRIBLE. I enjoy a craft beer. Especially a local craft beer. Just because you buy a brew pub does not mean you are a brewer. You guys need to clean up your brewing or you're in trouble. We didnt even finish our first pint!!!! Literally the worst craft beer I've ever had.
Location: This is where the 1 star comes from. This is a great location with a pretty sick patio. However, I dont think its enough to save these guys.....

I dont see going back to this spot until it changes ownership again which inevitably, it will.
If you are near the stadium and need a drink and some people watching, Mad Hatter (formally Dave's Electric) is a decent option (and frankly there aren't a whole lot of choices in this area unless you want to make the trek to Mill) The beers on tap have changed, the menu is basically the same with a few simple changes. Happy hour is $1 off drafts, wells and $2 off appetizers (hummus plate, nachos, quesadilla etc). The bar tenders are always cool, easy to talk to and knowledgable about the beer, couple that with the great view of the side walk off College and Veteran's Way and you have a cool spot to chill after a long day/week/hour/meeting.....you get the idea.
I liked this place better when it was Electric Dave's.  Menu is basically the same with a few changes and deletions.  It is really pricey, though. Went there yesterday and got a veggie burger and an iced tea (it was lunch) and it was $13 and some change.  So,with tip, $16 for lunch.  Sorry Mad Hatters, I can pay a bit more and eat at House Of Tricks and get a gourmet meal.  Maybe that is why I was one of two people in there at the time.  I gave two stars because the bartender/waiter was attentive and the burger was good (not great).
Little bar near ASU Sun Devil Stadium.  The place is probably fun during game days but I have never seen it busy at night...  The beer I tried was good, but didnt make up for the [lack of] atmosphere.
The place only rates one star but gave them a second star just because they have some other beers available besides their own terrible ones that don't taste like toefungus. Food was average at best. as was the service.  One would have hoped a repackeaged Electric Dave's would improve itself but alas it hasn't.  Plenty of other options on Mill Ave or Four Peaks that are so much better.  Just a matter of time before this place closes it doors.
I've always liked this place. The staff is always friendly. Not the largest selection of beers on tap, but the ones they do have are always good. The food is dependable. The outside bar has a great ambiance, and it's a great location for people watching  on a cool evening. Plus being off mill, it doesn't get overcrowded.
Mad Hatter has a good location: right by Sun Devil Stadium, right on a light rail stop. There's a nice patio. But, when you go here, you think of three or four small changes that would make this place great. The way it is today, it merits an "okay"  or under rating. The beer style is British, which is fine. However, if you want hops-bursting-out-of-the-glass beers, this is disappointing. The food is very generic (burgers, chicken sandwiches, fries, and the like), not particularly well executed, and priced about $2.50 too high. The staff is pretty good, but it's pretty hard to keep good bartenders and servers when business is so slow. There's just nothing that makes me recommend this place to friends.

EDIT: They no longer brew beer at this location. I walked by while the brew equipment was being removed. Pretty sad, I think having a little brewery was one of the owner's dreams.
So, this used to be Dave's Electric Brewpub. It was OK at that time. Now that it has changed hands...again, so many times...

Whatever, taken on its own merits, this place sucks. Plastic cups, plastic utensils...but not a discount price. $6 for a crappy breakfast burrito. I have had better burritos from a frozen wrapper. They were out of most of the drinks, champagne for mimosas, most of the beers. I see the end looming.

I wonder what crappy place is going to be here next.
Another quick beer to check things out, but the 4 stars is for CORN HOLE. Yes, a cornhole game in Tempe. Loved this game which I first discovered in the Midwest before it became popular everywhere. This bar is like a long skinny place, still it fits in live music, a large patio, cornhole and a nice bar where you can sit half inside and half outside. Of course, it is the closest bar to the sports facilities, so post or pre game, this is a good place to get things going drinking wise. Huge props for the cornhole! Bud lights are $4 in this place and all specials require a college ID.
I like Mad Hatter.
It's close enough to campus for me to walk over for a pint in between classes.  
The food is consistent.  Not earth shattering, but good.
They have a good selection of beer.  And it seems as though they rotate them out from time to time. Which is nice, variety is the spice of life you know.
The bartenders have always been friendly, as well as the other patrons.  
Very laid back. Which I like.
Mad Hatter Brew Pub is a fantastic place to enjoy the Tempe/ASU area. They have really great beer and a nice patio in the right season. The only reason I give 4/5 stars is because the location is a bit small and parking can be hard but I am in the minority as most Patrons probably walk or light rail around. If you have not had the opportunity I highly suggest Mad Hatter for a pint.
Why do they call this a brew pub if they don't brew their own beer?  Food was marginal. Grilled cheese was cold and didn't look like it was grilled and hardly any cheese.  The tomato soup as a side was cold.  My chicken sandwich was more bread than chicken.  They only had one amber beer left in a bottle, so we had to choose who was getting the beer. Would not go back again.
Atmosphere was prefect to watch football lots of TVs has a great indoor/outdoor space. We had a flatbread pizza which was good as well. Would recommend.
I have been to Mad Hatter a few times. The first couple of times, it was only to order a beer off tap, so it is impossible to judge an experience off of that. However, I recently visited this establishment and ordered a few drinks and food, and the experience was so bad I was inclined to write this review (look at my account, I barely ever do this). The drink (an AMF) was the worst I had ever had, and I am used to $1 drinks at the Vine that taste like top shelf in comparison to this $6 concoction. The nachos were average at best, but the service was horrific. I was one of only a handful of patrons at the bar, and the server/bartender could have easily come to my table to take my order or to see if I was happy. Instead, I had to go to the bar to ask for things constantly. And when I asked for more lemons, he refused my request and made fun of me for wanting lemons. Way to treat a guest. I think it may have been the owner's son. He was white, tall and had brown hair. He looked like it was painful for him to be here, he probably only works there because his dad owns the joint and he can't find work anywhere else, which isn't surprising with that work ethic. Needless to say, I did not leave a tip, and I will never be coming back. What a shame, I live right by ASU. Avoid at all costs!
My husband and I went here last night (and the fact that we are married probably indirectly implies that we were  the oldest people there) but I was instantly enamored because they were playing Greenday, circa 1994. While probably no one else there knew that Billie Joe used to have a nose ring, purple hair, no eye liner and look oh so cute, I will forever have great appreciation and affection for Basket Case. 

Anyway, we were drawn to this restaurant by Groupon and the beer selection.  The outdoor seating was a plus because nothing beats a cocktail, except for a cocktail on a patio.  This restaurant is blocks away from the main drag though, so I think in normal conditions, people watching would be sub-par.  

However, last night was not normal conditions -- it was coincidentally also the night of the underwear run, which, from what I could gather, is a run (race?) exclusively of college students, wearing nothing but underwear.  We saw a collection of interesting underwear pass our table...and while some may find a butt cheek to be unappetizing during dinner, I found it amusing - paired with the trivia questions offered on a 5-10 minute interval from the bar staff, dinner was nothing short of entertaining. 

And while the menu was typical of what you would expect from a bar, I think the food was tasty and well priced.  I had chicken and my husband had a burger. The french fries were widely cut and as he described, "perfect, and spiced somehow."   We also had chips and salsa.  The salsa was spicy and the chips were extra salty (I love salt).

I give this place 5 stars for music and 3 stars for food and drink. I like the large patio and both inside and outside seating at the bar...but I think without the underwear run, it may have been a little boring on the people watching scale.
Had a Amazon Local deal for this place which is close to my office.........so we thought we would try.  All the Sodas were flat.........food was disgusting..........my wife's salmon had 7-10 bones still in it.  I would never bother to go back and I would think this dump will close soon anyway...........oh and the bathroom had an overwhelming odor of sewage.
Avoid
Bought a Groupon and have never been able to use it as this place does not appear to still be open. Most recently, I tried on a Saturday night at 7:00 PM-Closed!  I have tried to call and verify their hours and reach a message with "Mailbox Full."  Also appears that they last updated their website over a year ago so no help there. 

Don't waste your time with this place.
My son and I drove 10 miles to try it out (I had a Groupon I bought just a couple of days ago) and they were closed at lunchtime. Tried calling. Got "full mailbox." What gives?

By the way, The street is heavily under construction. Where are you supposed to park?
*Update/Edit:  Frustrated that they are closed during the daytime.  It's a catch-22 because our group would like to go here but they're not open, so we go support other places.  But then most of the time now we're set on going to our other places, so we don't make the special effort to go to Fate at all when they happen to be open.  Decisions to close like this probably impact a lot of customers because the way you find out is usually by the frustrating experience of showing up for a pint thirsty, hungry, etc. and seeing the sign.  On top of that, some of us sort of forgave them but then honestly forgot about the restricted hours and so we showed up at lunch and got the closed sign again.  We can't be alone in having this happen.*

Flavorful ales can be found here in Scottsdale on Shea, just a bit east of Scottsdale road on the south side of the road.  Cream Ale, Pale Ale, Smoked Porter, Brown Ale - I tried them all and appreciated the pronounced hop influence, especially in the pale ale.

Stunning bar and brewery atmosphere with a modern, high-end feel to it all.  Indoor and outdoor patio seating available.  They might be a victim of their own success though because I can see it filling up quite fast during prime hours.

Wood fired pizzas made in your sight at the back and mine was very good.  Perfect size for a really hungry person or two people to share if they're going to have salads first.  Salads looked tasty but didn't try.  

Staff was incredibly polite and professional, which is something sorely missing in the service industry these days.  They were quick to answer questions about the beers and offered some helpful literature on their house brews.  

Guest taps are available if your tastes lean somewhere else.  Mongo IPA, Scrimshaw Pils, Bruery Mischief, among others were noted.  

Limited parking in the front facing Shea, but more parking is available in the back.  Looks like dinner hours only (for now).
Fate Brewing Company caught my eye as I was driving down Shea, so I decided to stop in last night. It turns out it was their soft opening and everything seemed to run very smoothly. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The decor is modern - a bit of the industrial look with a lot of concrete and wood, but it managed to feel warm, not sterile. They have a wood fired oven and offer a variety of pizzas. I tried the margherita and it was perfect to share as an appetizer/light meal. It was a thin crust and the ingredients were very fresh. They have a wine list with regional wines and brew about 5 of their own beers. Most of their beers were described as hoppy, which I'm not a huge fan of, but the cream ale I got was pretty good (a little bitter for me, but I think beer connoisseurs would appreciate it). They also feature other regional brews. Overall, I think this will be a great little classy hangout spot!
Great soft opening! Service was excellent. Thank you Terry. Beer and pizza also great. Looking forward to  all the beers.  Met Steve the owner and I'm super excited about all the possibilities!
A brand new place we discovered.  The decor seemed industrial chic, yet warm and comfortable.  We ordered a few different pizzas and shared.  I couldn't pick a favorite they were all so good!

But the very best part was the beer.  I tried a few samples before choosing their pale ale with dinner and their brown for desert, some of the best local beer I've ever had!
We stopped in after a movie to check out the "soft" opening.  They have it together with friendly and attentive staff.  Pizza was excellent--great flavor and fast delivery out of their great looking wood burning oven.  Their local brews taste great--the cream ale is spot on--also nice guest brews on tap--leg humper hefe is next best thing to a Franziskaner.  Lots of parking in the back--expect this place to do very well.  Simple menu, good value and cold beer!  Check it out--
Awesome atmosphere, great food, great beer. DEFINITELY suggest trying it out. we're from out of town, drove by and decided to spend Friday night here. Highly Recommend locals to stop by.
We stopped by Fate Brewing for a pre-Thanksgiving dinner and weren't surprised to find it quite busy.  We put our names on the list to wait for a table.  While we waited, we enjoyed a beer on the patio.  Unfortunately, there was little space between the outdoor seating and the high top counter surrounding the patio.  We had enough room to stand and drink our beers but felt that we were intruding on other patrons dining experience.  I'd love to see a little reorganization on the patio to make the counter area more usable, perhaps even some bar stools.  

We were seated, brought menus and a cute little jug of water for the table.  We looked over the menu and decided on the house salad, Rustica pizza and a Capicola pizza.  We also enjoyed a flight of the four Fate brews available.  

All in all the food was great.  The salad was fresh, the pizzas were unique, delicious and cooked to perfection.  We thoroughly enjoyed the beers.  I loved the Pale Ale and my husband would have sipped on Smoked Porter all night long.

Next to the host stand, there is a cooler housing some of the best cake pops I have ever eaten.  They were more like cookie dough pops than cake pops, if you ask me, but they were amazing!  Snickerdoodle was killer!

There were a few issues with the attentiveness of the servers when it was busy, and our servers menu knowledge was iffy.  Serious five star potential, for the next visit, but until they work out a few minor kinks, I'm sticking with a solid four star rating.
After seeing the Fate Brewing opening announcement on yelp I went to try it out.

We visited during the soft opening.  

The ambiance is warm and casual with a very open and airy feel.

The beer is quite good. The Pale Ale will be familiar and likable for those who enjoy Stone Brewing products.

The cream ale is for those that like the American mass produced lagers (your Bud and miller lite drinking friends).

The double IPA needs to be given a chance to warm up before enjoying it.  It was good but I think overshadowed by how good the Pale Ale, an India Pale Ale in all but name.

I had the capicola pizza which was quite good and arrived at the table quickly.

I give this four stars for the beer and food and a bonus star for the friendly and efficient staff.
Loved the ambiance, great comfortable feeling. The beer was top notch and the pizzas & salad fresh and flavorful. The staff was super friendly. Loved the merchandise, got a t-shirt and a growler. Looks like this place is going to be a regular place for me.
I've been working some straight to the point reviews lately so I'm going to keep up with my current trend. Heres the 1,2,3.

The beer is on point! The Imperial IPA was the super star tonight. Just an amazing beer. All of the beer offerings were well made. Good stuff all the way around.

The pizza is MONEY!!! Wood fired, thin crust, fresh ingredients. This is what all other pizza wants to grow up to be! Possibly....the best pizza in Phoenix.Yeah, I effin said it! Loved it. We had a salad too. Great but completely overshadowed by the pizza.

Nice build out, comfortable atmosphere and friendly service. This is a great place. Check it out!
First time to Fate and it won't be my last! We came in for lunch knowing nothing about this place other than they make beer and pizza. Both were very good!  I started with the double IPA being it has a 100 IBU and a specific gravity of 8.5! Nice start! I ordered the Sunnyside pizza and was not disappointed in any fashion. The crust was thin and crispy all the way to the center. If you like the pies at Pane Bianco or Pizzeria Bianco you'll like these just as well (although the dough is not as salty). Also try some of the chili oil. I always like a little extra oil on my pizza and this was just what I like, a little extra flavor and a bump in heat. 
The menu isn't large, which is good, because it allows them to concentrate on what they do best. 
Very good overall including the service.
Fairly small place with a small patio. Nice decor. Not many parking spaces because of the other businesses in their parking lot.  Service was very good however the beer was thin and watery and the food was rather small portions. Overall not a bad place but not a great place.
We decided to sit on the patio by the heater and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather.  I am not a beer drinker but, after all the reviews I figured I should give a beer a try.  I told the waiter what I was after (not yeasty or bitter, not too strong and a little sweet) He was so patient and brought out a couple of samples.  I loved the hefeweizen and ordered a pint of that.  My boyfriend got their home made root beer which was AMAZING (brought back memories of childhood).  

The waiter was knowledgeable and answered all our questions about the menu.  We decided on pizza and a salad.  The house salad was phenomenal.  Such fresh ingredients with a light dressing and the most wonderful mixture of crunchy and slightly spicy nuts.  I could make a meal out of it and, next time I might!  For our pizza, we got half pepperoni and half fennel sausage.  Both were excellent.  We each liked our own half a bit better so it worked out great.  You HAVE to save room for these little "cake pops.  They are lollipops that are like a cake/cookie batter with a hard coating on the outside.  They come in many flavors - snickerdoodle, mocha, peppermint red velvet, gingerbread, chocolate coconut.  We got snickerdoodle and mocha and they were both excellent.  The perfect amount for dessert when you are full but still want something sweet.  

They have only been open a week and are still working out a few bumps (the server disappeared a couple of times when we were looking for him) but overall, this was a fabulous experience.  How wonderful to have an independently owned little place like this right in our back yard.  We will definitely be back.
Beer-wise, this is the best brew-pub I've been to in AZ, and I've been to A LOT of them.  The smoked porter was a unique idea, well-executed.  The pale ale had a great aroma and a hoppy character, but not a typical 'me-too' American ale.

Service was very attentive and friendly, though we did get a bit stranded between our salad and pizza course....  The pizza was a very nice thin-crust (not as thin as, say, Lamp's), plenty of toppings, sauce was good.  The aforementioned salad (spinach) was very tasty with a nice dressing and plenty of stuff.  My only quibble would be that a slightly larger menu would be nice -- maybe throw in a couple more topping options and a couple apps.  Focused is good, but just a little more variety would be the spice.
Ok I say this every time, but I do not like to make a habit of giving a place 5 stars in my first try, but at Fate I can't help myself. Everything from the ambiance, food, happy hour, beer, and even cake pops were simply amazing!!,

I'll start with my favorite, beer. We got here early during happy hour and thought that my wife and I would order 2 beers each. So I ordered the Smoked Porter and she had Imperial IPA. Trying these I would say the imperial IPA was really good. 8.5 100lbu. Very tasty! The smoked porter was great too. Not really my thing but with food it tasted good. A little on the over smoked flavor but I respect that. After we had the pale ale and Irish Red. The pale ale was 6.0 and it was more on par of average IPA.  The Irish Red was amazing! A strong but refreshing red. This was my wife's favorite beer. Mine has to be the imperial IPA. 

During HH we ordered the pizza bread very good. Basically cheese bread on their pizza dough. It came with a side of marinara. I would total order it again next time we are at HH

We then decided to order a pizza to share. We chose the rustic pizza which including artichoke hearts, fennel,sausage, gorgonzola cheese. I thought it was excellent pizza! Even better with a craft beer next to you. 

Anyways our experience at Fate was excellent. Id like to add that the service was excellent and liked the layout of the restaurant and the small brew tanks. This place is small but seems like a lot of room at the bar and a decent sized patio.  

Oh one more thing, when we were walking out, my wife spotted the cake pop display. We had to turn around and ordered 2! 2 bucks each and well worth it!! We tried the sinker doodle and peppermint red velvet. The red velvet was the best! A little harder shell but once you ate more they were very moist. Do your self a favor and order at least one on your way out!!
The pizza was fantastic and most of the beers were pretty good.   The smoked porter was my favorite.   The menu is a bit thin and could be due to the place testing out the kitchen.  It would be nice to see more than one appetizer and pairing suggestions would be a nice addition.   A partnership with the BBQ joint next door could add a new dynamic, like braising the BBQ meats with the smoked porter.  The service staff was prompt and friendly, even with a good crowd in the house.  If you've been curious about this place, definitely check it out.
They hit the nail on the head at Fate: the craft beer, artisan pizza, and chill atmosphere definitely make it an enjoyable place to go eat and hang out. I recommend the capicola pizza with the pale ale. Get a flight of 5 your first time, of course.
I walked in about 6 PM on Friday and this place was packed.  I found a seat at the end of the bar near the TV and I was good to go.

I started out with their Irish Red beer.  It tasted very good and I liked it a little better than the cream ale that I had later.

I ordered the capicola pizza and it was very spicy and flavorful.  I'm not 100% sure I totally like the crust but overall I enjoyed my meal.

It looks like Fate will be a success!
Great addition to the neighborhood! My husband and I ate here about a week ago.  The inside is a perfect mix of rustic and contemporary decor.  The staff was great,  the beers were awesome, the food fresh, and the cake pops amazing. We also chatted with the owner for a bit - he is very committed, knowledgeable and personable.  I hope Fate is around for a long time to come.
Overall a very good place!  Nice ambience, good food quality, friendly service.  The owners/managers I believed trained under Tom Hennessy of the Il Vicino and Colorado Boy brewery fame and the quality shows!  Their Pale is very, very tasty but don't construe this as that their other beers aren't also very good because they are.  We had pizzas and were impressed with interesting recipes and proper portioning of ingredients.  Our three kids aged 6-10 were along and made to feel welcome.  This is the neighborhood friendly place you are looking for when you've had enough of the overly plastic feel of Scottsdale!  Bravo and Cheers!
Beer was decent and pizza was pretty good. My only advice is to let the pizza sit for a minute as the topping tend to fall off when the pizza just comes out. I enjoyed the DIPA, which was good but didn't get a chance to try the brown.
Visited Fate Brewing Company with my wife and a friend this week.   The beer is excellent (my friend and I are experienced home brewers so very picky).  The pizza was excellent although a true vegan option would be a vast improvement (for my friend) and maybe some more boring traditional pizza toppings too (for boring old me).   Our server did an excellent job although she was in our opinion assigned to many tables thus service was a little slow for us beer thirsty people.   Overall, can't wait to get back.   This place has a bright future.
Off to a good start...hoping they stay open since others in the area keep shutting down (adios Nimbus).  Beer selection was good - especially enjoyed the Irish Red - and the ambiance was appealing.  Pizza was fair, as my search for acceptable pizza in the valley continues.  Wish there were other options besides pizza.  Overall a good experience - rooting for this place.
With all the pizza places on this particular corner, I would have expected a new place coming in to be over the top.  The margarita pizza was just sad.  Barely any cheese, made with sauce instead of fresh tomatoes, just an all around bust.  They don't have much on the menu - especially for someone gluten free.  

The wait staff was awesome.
We have been twice: first time on opening night couldn't be too judgmental. This time a few weeks later we were back. Beer good though not exactly to my taste. Pizza was great. Service wasn't very good. The place was not busy and I had the rare experience of leaving the table to find an inattentive server to refill drinks. She was very nice. We will go back once more. Food was great and food good. Of course without good service they don't mean much.
Fate Brewing Company is new to the Valley, and I was excited to try their beers. I headed in and ordered a flight. The place is small, but the beer is great! Their smoked porter is one of the best beers I have had in months. Their IPA is pretty great, too. I had the chance to try some of their beers at a beer festival and they were a highlight of our time at said festival. 

They also have wood-fired pizza here. I have had a few different pizzas, and their pizza bread is amazing. Oh, and the dipping sauce. I have no idea what it is, but it is AMAZING! I pretty much want to take a bath in it. So good. 

Fate is in a great location, too. Really excited that a new brewery has opened and they are producing good beer. And how could I forget... CAKE POPS! Yes, they serve cake pops. This place just keeps getting better. If you like good pizza and great beer, check out Fate Brewing Company. You won't be disappointed. When you are there, ask if the owner is there. He's a great guy and likes talking to fellow craft beer enthusiasts. Bottoms up, people!
My family loved Fate Brewing Company!

We went to Fate for dinner expecting good beer. We got that plus a whole lot more.

As an appetizer we started with the pizza bread. It was a great start to our meal with some red sause and spicy oil to dip it in. Good for both kiids and parents.

My daughters are picky eaters but loved their in house brewed root beer and the pizza (pepperoni and  a rosemary roasted potato). They finished it off with a cake pop. Perfect.

As far as mom and dad - we enjoyed a sampler of five beers. My wife loved the cream ale and the pale ale. I thought the red and double IPA were great as well.  The smoke porter was a pleasant surprise to me. I am not a dark beer drinker but loved the taste of this beer. I can totally see drinking this along side of something lighter next time I go.

As far as food - I had the Molto Carne (pepperoni and sausage).  It had a little spice which I really liked. My wife had a salad with chicken on it. She said the meat had flavor and said she'd eat it again.

The staff was attentive and friendly.  They were knowledgable about the menu and the beer selection. I wasn't at the bar, but the bartenders seemed to have good rapport with their customers.

Bottom line - me and my family will be back to Fate.  If you like good beer, good food, and friendly people - you won't be disappointed.
This place is awesome.  It's at a great location and easy to get to.  From the moment we walk in, we are greeted with a smile and a great attitude.  We've been here twice and each time has been great.  They serve thin crust pizza.  Try the Capicola.  They also brew their own beer plus they offer guest taps, which they change up ever so often.  Everyone is friendly and we love this place.
I had my first visit to Fate Brewing Company yesterday and was really pleased with the experience. First, the atmosphere is bright, clean, and inviting.  It is relatively small, but I like the intimate feel. The beers were very good and the happy hour prices are fantastic. I also had one of their wood-fired pizzas and thought it was excellent...maybe not Grimaldi's level, but very good.  Last but not least, the wait staff was very attentive and accomodating and you got the sense that they enjoy working at Fate. It had a close knit feel that I really liked.
Great salad, great pizza, excellent brews, and good service. We'll be back.
Good beer and wood fired pizza, seems like a winning concept. 

I love micro brews, and this place has a great in house selection. In addtion they have a wine list and brick wood fired pizzas. 

The pizza was good, but the dough was a bit bland maybe a bit more water and salt could help this dough be lighter and have a bit more flavor.

My smoked porter was great, nice body, finish and a decent gravity too. 

The walls and floors are all hard surfaces so it can get a bit loud in here.
Our second visit and everything was wonderful - great beer, food and friendly, attentive service.   Plan on many more visits and will highly recommend this establishment to our friends.
I stopped in to fill growlers over the weekend.

I noted in addition to the splendid Pale Ale they now had an ESB.

I tried the ESB and found it very good and slightly less malty than other versions I have had.  All in all a splendid brew.
This is exactly what the Scottsdale & Shea area needed!! (remember when that intersection had lots of boozing options?) 

Get a beer sampler-- you MUST try them all!  De-lish

I appreciate that a brewery finally put some thought into offering wine too!  I love that idea since several of my lady-friends don't drink beer.  (getting the boys to a brewery is never a challenge) 

The wood fired pizza is pretty awesome too!
Atmo?  Comfy; neighborhood-y.

Beer?  Tasty.  I had the stout.  

Pizza?  Horrible, horrible, horrible.  A waste of a good wood for the joint's  wood-fired oven. The crust had absolutely no flavor.  Devoid of salt.  No carbon burn from the oven. Flatter than the desert's floor.  No bubbles in the crust.  My pizza came with a sunnyside egg.  The egg was sunnyside decimated and the white was runny.  

And with this review I do solemnly swear that I will never finish a restaurant meal if it is not good.  If the first bite is terrible, back it goes to the kitchen.
Yum yum yum! Beer is amazing- not one I couldn't drink a couple pints of. Comfortable, welcoming atmosphere. Would like to see a couple more things for food- not interested in having pizza bread as an appetizer if the only entree choice is pizza. Overall, would come back again in hopes that the menu will diversify.
I came here and had a few beers. Fantastic! My favorite was the belgian saison. Glad to have a place like this down the street from me. But I wished the menu offered more, because I have some allergies, I can't actually try any of the food here. If there were a few more options, this might just become our main stay.
Glad to see a small brewery open up in Scottsdale.  Food is great, beers are good if you like hoppy, the brewer seems to have a very heavy hop hand.  A couple taps dedicated to other local brews.  Very friendly staff.  Really glad to see this place open.
The beer is pretty darn good. I tried the double IPA and the ESP. Both were very smooth and flavorful. The ambience is great, and the bartender was really friendly. Only problem was the pizza was not great - a little too greasy.
Fate Brewery is a great addition to Arizona's local breweries. The combination of yummy fresh food plus beer is awesome, and when you can add cake pops to the mix, well it's hard to put all that happiness in words. The brewery restaurant itself is nice - lots of light, outdoor seating with a garage-type door that opens out onto a patio, view of the brewing cask/tanks, and warm soothing colors. We had:

- Garlic Pizza: Damn good! Flavorful garlic olive oil sauce, lots of cheese, and fresh basic and tomatoes. The crust is really good.
- House Salad: Always impressive when a place that serves beer can also make a good salad. Lots of cheese and other toppings, and everything was fresh.
- The Beer: Pretty good. I was a little disappointed in the Cream Ale because I was expecting a luscious creamy beer, but it wasn't. In fact I thought the Hefe was way more creamy. 

Overall, Fate Brewery is a great place to go with friends or a date or coworkers. The people working there all seemed really nice, and we had a good time there.
Stopped in for a glass of wine & a pizza. Nice place, staff super friendly, an extremely busy place! But you were well taken care of! Would absolutely go back again & the Pizza was phenomenal!
Great vibe, fun, open, nice bar, friendly staff.  Kind of like a cool, easy going neighborhood hangout.  Beer was fantastic, had the stout and irish red.  Didn't try the pizza, but will be back very soon to give that a try.  We need more of these locally owned (non corporate nationals) in the area.

Went back this weekend and had the pizza.  Two problems, 1-this place could seriously impact my waistline, as the pizza was great!!! 2- this place is becoming too popular, my favorite beer (Irish Red) was out, and wouldn't be back in the taps for another 10 days.  I think they are going to need bigger tanks, for more beer!!!
I'm a craft beer lover and I have a new favorite brewery.

We've been going here about once a week since they've opened.

Their beer is incredible!  I particularly like the slowly rotating lineup of Fate beers.  Some of my favorites so far... the Brown, Imperial IPA, Cream Ale, Irish Red, Oatmeal Stout, Belgian Saison and Pale Ale.

But man can't live on beer alone.  I think that we've tried all of their pizzas, every one delicious.  My favorites here are the... Rustica, Molto Carne, Capicola, Mediterranean and Fennel Sausage.

The staff, friendly and helpful - the atmosphere casual and comfortable.  And for desert, awesome little cake pops.
I love this place.  It has all of the necessities of life and nothing else.  
Each of their beers are excellent examples of their type, the pizza and salad are great.
It's small, simple and perfect.  
Home run!
My partner and I stumbled upon Fate yesterday and loved it! We had the Mediterranean pizza, and it is by far the best pizza we have found in the area. The pizzas are 12" and run around $11 - definitely an affordable lunch! Their hot pepper oil is incredible, too. It's a perfect balance or herbs and spiciness. I had the oatmeal stout and he had the IPA, and we were both pleased. There were quite a few beers on the list that they didn't have on tap, which was disappointing, but it gives us more incentive to go back! The place itself was incredibly clean and sleek, providing a really nice atmosphere that you don't find at most Phoenix area brewpubs. I definitely recommend Fate!
Atmosphere was good, beer was good although I wish they had some good lagers on the menu.  Rustica pizza was really good.  Will definitely be back.
Last review wasn't very positive. Things are much better from my perspective.  Pizza was always good but this was better.  The beer was GREAT. I particularly liked the oatmeal stout. Service was much better than my previous visit. Please disregard my December review. This is a great place for beer and pizza with good service.
The pizza was fantastic.  We tried the margherita and the pepperoni, both of which we loved!  Between us, we tried all their current beers on tap.  My Mom loved the Irish Red, Dad loved the Belgo, and I had a Fate Imperial IPA and a Black IPA, both of which were fantastic.  Especially dug the Black IPA, love to see those!  Our server Steven was so nice and helpful and the manager, Ben, was wonderful as well.  This is a great place to drop in and have a beer, love that you can see the brewing equipment as well as the kitchen, it really adds to the awesome atmosphere!
Being a big fan of breweries i was not impressed with this place. They only had 3 of there beers on tap which I really didn't care for besides the Double IPA. The food smelled and looked awesome which I will have to go back and try but as far as beer goes there are better breweries around town.
Disappointing...a long list of beers that they brew and only 3 were checked as available - what???

Nice patio, friendly service and the wood fired pizzas looked good too, but I couldn't get past the limited types of beer offered.
Well, my husband and I were on the hunt for a new brewery to check out.  He works across the street and had been mentioning we should try it.  We finally got a day off together this past Saturday and decided this was the day.  LOVE the atmosphere first off.  The wait staff we friendly and very attentive. I believe our waiter's name was AJ and he was very helpful and friendly.  We started out with a Lumberjack Rasberry (which was on a special draft) and their Hef.  Uh-Maz-Ing for both.  We also ordered a House Salad to split and a Mediterranean Pizza to split.  Again Uh-Maz-Ing!!  I ordered a couple more Hefs and the hubby ordered their IPA that was on draft and then a Hef to close out our tab.  We were sooooo impressed, we will be back later this week and have even been talking about having my 40th Birthday celebration there in a month!!  WELL WORTH IT AND CAN'T WAIT TO HAVE MORE GREAT TIMES HERE
I have been here twice. My second visit re-affirmed my original impressions.  Relatively disappointing as far as breweries go.  As others have noted, a long list of beers but only a few on tap (although they do have guest beers).  I think their beer tastes average at best (but I will admit that this is my personal opinion, everyone likes different things). The menu is limited to wood fired pizza and salads.  I've tried a couple different pizzas and neither was very memorable.  The service is good though and everyone is friendly, so that's a plus.
Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Great selections of rotating beers, my favorite is the IPA, plus good pizza pizza.
Enjoyed our visit to Fate. We intended to stop in just to sample some beer, but ended up ordering some salads which turned out to be surprisingly good. Not sure why i was shocked, maybe i was just happy we were able to get a tasty vegan option, with a little substituting. 

I don't recall having a beer really stand out for me, seemed like they were all good, but the imperial ipa wasn't what i hoped it would be. By all, i think they only had 3 of theirs available. So not a whole lot of their own to sample, but he's just a little guy. 

Overall, the place has a good vibe going on and was worth checking out.
In one of those ridiculous desert rainstorms, we walked/ran down the block from our hotel to Fate, where we whiled away the rest of the storm drinking tasty beer and eating pizza bread.

The presentation of the beer menu is a tease here, as they list off all the beers they brew, leaving you salivating, before you realize that only three of them are currently available.  On our visit, two were IPAs, which seemed redundant with such a small selection.  Then I realized they had a couple of other beers which were not on the menu (5 or 6 total, plus some "guest" beers from other breweries) and I felt less confined.  All the beers we had were very good, and not weak.  They give you stats (alcohol content, IBUs, etc) to help you pick.  I could see coming back every so often just to check out what's new on tap.

We also had pizza bread, which was basically a medium cheese pizza.  It was exactly what the mid-afternoon happy hour called for.  Speaking of happy hour, we had four beers and that pizza for $18, which is kind of a ridiculous deal.  

I love checking out local breweries when I'm visiting a city, and this place exemplifies why.
I've been wanting to try this place ever since the sign first went up, as you can never have too many local breweries.  After eating there, though, I'm a little torn on the rating.  On the one hand, the service was quite good and the place had a nice vibe to it, almost a buzz.  The restaurant is fairly open air and even though we were sat inside, we were close enough to the patio to enjoy this aspect.  In addition, I thought that the food was top notch for a small brewery.  They only have salads and pizza, but both the house salad and the Sunny Side pizza we tried were both interesting and flavorful.  The salad had a great mix of textures and was topped with just the right amount of dressing.  

Unfortunately, I was disappointed in the beers and feel that most of the other breweries in town and down the way in Tucson are better.  Their selection was small but not miniscule, as they had five of their own brews on tap and another handful of guest brews.  Neither my wife or I like hoppy, bitter beers-which I find that many smaller breweries tend to focus on-so this immediately cut out selection down to about half.  We sampled their hefeweizen, which we both agreed was underwhelming, as well as one of the light rotator beers that turned out to be nearly flavorless.  Feeling that the American brown would be a fairly safe choice at 36BTUs, I went for a pint of this.  Unfortunately I didn't care for this either, as it was far more bitter than expected and frankly just not that good in my opinion.  

Overall I'd still recommend trying this place, given the quality of the food.  I was mainly disappointed in that it seems to appeal to a narrower group of beer drinkers, but at the same time, I can't dock it too much for this as I'm sure many will find their beers to be appealing.  If anyone has been to Borderlands Brewing in Tucson, I think this would be an apt comparison; personally I can't stand any of their beers but I know a lot of people who love it there.
Another fabulous night at Fate Brewing. Got there around 5:30 and the place was buzzing. Found a place at the bar and looked over the beer menu. They had five Fate brews and a nice selection of guest beers. I had the Irish Red and Heff...really enjoyed both. Talked with the owner and he said they are brewing as fast as they can to keep up with the demand. Ordered up the Rosemary, potato pizza, was flavorful with fresh ingredients. Noticed they had some new desserts on display, had the chocolate mouse, mmm, tasty. Beer and chocolate done well!
Enjoyed the Irish Red and the pale ale. Pizza was good and the potato nachos were VERY good!
Great beer,vibe,  and pizza! .......Da!
A couple of us went to Fate over lunch. The salad that came out after 20 min was great. After waiting an hour and 20 min, we were informed that the order "got lost". I understand how it could since there was a total of 10 people eating there at the time. The bartender said "Sorry", an said "Atleast you got salad". Cool place overall, but absolutely the worse service. At least our pizza's weren't dropped after the long wait, like the table next to us.
Tried the Milk Stout on Friday night, creamy, delicious, smooth my new favorite.  If you like a stout, it's a must try. Favorite pizza Rosemary potato. Friday was standing room only but a great friendly crowd & staff.
This brewery is pretty dope. I like the IPA's but I'd stay away from those potato nachos. Good service, looks more like a restaurant. Overall a good place to chill and drink beer.
We started out really excited to go to this place, but left feeling sort of deflated about the customer service. 

The decor looked great, background music was a nice indie blend and the place was clean.

When I asked our waitress about the beer selection and that I primarily prefer belgian and wheat ales, she said she couldn't really help me because she only liked hoppy beers since she started working there. She didn't tell me about any of the guest ales on tap (there was an Orange Blossom) or to even help to explain about any of the house beers that would have a low IBU (International Bitterness Units). So I ordered the house root beer. Not bad.

We ordered a pizza for dinner and it was pretty good, but then we waited and waited for the waitress to come around and ask us if we wanted dessert (we did), but she brought us the check (on a slow night with about 12 people in the restaurant) and left before we could even ask her about the desserts. My husband had to go over to the dessert case to get the owner to order our dessert for us. And the tiramisu was really lacking.

Bottom line: For a brewery/restaurant that has been open for more than a few months, I expect better service and consistency than this. Get it together.

Parent Perspective: Two high chairs available (that I saw), two items for the kids' menu and no changing table in the bathroom.
Tried this place for the first time on a Wed night. We had a large group so they reserved a few tables for us and extended their happy our until 8pm (ends at 6pm). Our group very much appreciated this generosity! 
I had the Mr. Pineapple beer as it seemed the lightest beer on the menu; they had I think 9 others on the Happy Hour menu. Crisp and refreshing beer. 
My husband and I shared one of the wood fired pepperoni pizzas; I think it was $12. The serving size was great for us to share... others might call this a super sized personal pizza. Maybe about 14". It was a good pizza; sauce had a nice spice to it. Ours was slightly over cooked but our friends Margarita pizza looked perfect. That's the risk with wood fired pizza's.
The wine selection wasn't all that great and overpriced compared to what I've paid at bars... they really had restaurant prices on the wine (a $12 bottle at Bevmo is $35 here). A friend ordered a bottle of red wine and it was way too warm... in AZ you really need to have all your wine in a cooler; the room temperatures here are just too hot for wine serving. So I'd pass on the wine here and stick with the beer - but hey, it's a brewery so beer is really the way to go.
Interior is industrial looking, I liked it. They have a medium sized patio out front and a garage door at the entrance they can open to bring the spaces together. 
We had really good service too. We will def. be back to this place... perhaps I'll try a beer flight next time.
Great place to grab a beer and watch the game. Their beer will only get better. Their food menu needs a little work, but the pizzas are solid enough.
This is an easy 5 star rating for me. Looking for tremendous beer, awesome pizza and great service? Fate Brewing is the place for you. This has such a great "neighborhood" restaurant/brewery feel that invites you in and brings a smile to your face. The employees are all incredibly nice and seem to genuinely be enjoying their job. The brews rotate often, so stop in to see what's on tap or check their Facebook page...they update new happenings quite often. The pizzas are wood fired and have nice a thin crust with very fresh toppings. Nice salads too. Cheers to the whole crew at Fate!
The hubsters and I came here on date night recently. It was around 6:15 on a Saturday night, and surprisingly slow. I had the Cream Ale and it was yummy. The husband tried the Session and Irish Red and liked both. We split the House salad which was bomb, the pizza bread which sucked, and the fennel sausage pizza which was good. The service was lacking until I spoke up and said we wanted some help, and then the guy was super polite and attentive. Was a little pushy in trying to get us to order...dude, just give me a couple minutes to look over the menu, okay? But all in all it was good and we love little breweries like this.
After reading so many great reviews I was glad to finally make it up here. This place a a small, smart, cheerful no-nonsense place for beer lovers to come enjoy some craft beer. I can't comment on the food because I was on a strict liquid bread diet when I came in. But their wood-fired pizzas look good....next time.

I ordered a flight that kept my occupied for a while. I think my favorite was the American Pale Ale, believe it or not. but I also really enjoyed their Irish Red. I also followed this by the Grand Canyon Pils which I thoroughly enjoyed as well.

They have a nice bar area and the servers are great. You can really tell that they are beer enthusiasts themselves and that makes the experience enjoyable. I recommend this place highly if you want to have a beer or two in a friendly, relaxed environment.
As a beer fan, Ive wanted to try this place since it opened.

Even though this place was the backup we didn't end up needing, I seized the opportunity to try it anyway. We were seated immediately and both our servers were attentive an pleasant. This place is gorgeous. Lots of different woods, a beautiful bar, and a view into their brewing room from all parts of the restaurant.

Myself and 2 of my fellow Yelpers opted for the flight +1 (all 6 of their brews featured at the time). My faves includes their Irish red (which I'm not usually a fan of), their American pale ale, and the Saison. Nice, refreshing and crisp. I was not a fan of their hefe, really not. There was a note of something I can not put my finger on that did not agree w/ my taste buds.

If you're a craft beer fan, I'd definitely recommend stopping in for a pint or flight.
Enjoyed..great beer and pizza...
I can't say enough good things about this place! The beer is absolutely fantastic. I have not had anything here I didn't like. They had an Oatmeal double IPA and it was one of, and this is not an exaggeration, the best IPA's I have had. Up there with the Dogfish 90 minute. The Pizzas are fantastic and the happy hour is incredible. I hope they are around for a long time to come.
What a bad day to try Fate. I've been wanting to check it out for a long time. I was excited to have my cheat meal and try their beers. We show up and a notice on the door says the kitchen is closed due to their refrigerators being broken. Bummer and unfortunate for them. I had come on an empty stomach, planning to eat and drink. Now I'm in a bit of trouble. Luckily my boyfriend had eaten and could drive home. We asked if we could get se food and bring it in since they couldn't serve and we were drinking after all. The answer was a stern no with a bunch of BS added to it. You would think the liability of serving people without food would override having others food in your establishment. Guess not. 

Then there were three guys at the end of the bar. They were three of five in the place. You would think they were hard of hearing the way they were practically yelling at each other to have a conversation. Annoying. We took out tasting flights and moved to a table. 

Another couple came in and were so annoyed by the loud patrons they asked that the music be turned up to drown them out. 

Overalls not a welcoming experience. Trying to take into account what is their fault and what isn't but the customer service was no bueno and that goes a long way. 

Maybe we'll try it again some time...maybe.
Run how a microbrewery should be run! Equipment on display. Limited, but decent food (minus the Irish Nachos...), attentive wait staff, good service with the staff being unapologetic for unanticipated demand in beers leading to limited beer choices. And, most importantly, a welcoming place you could call home.

What more could you want?
We stopped in this weekend for beer and dinner.  

While the beer had been a solid three stars before it was now a solid five stars (American Pale Ale).  Truly an exemplary example of the IPA style somewhere between the mega hopped American IPAs and English IPAs.  

Liquid Art for your enjoyment on tap.

The food was a solid three stars.  The only downside was the bread was burnt for the bread and spread appetizer.
As I was finishing up my yelp reviews from a recent trip to Firestone Walker in Paso Robles, I was shocked to see i had not written about my new favorite brewery in AZ.

"FINALLY!  A BREWERY IN NORTH SCOTTSDALE..." is basically my reaction to Fate Brewery.  One "fateful" night (pun intended) when I decided to stop in to try their Imperial IPA, a love affair began that I don't anticipate ending anytime soon.

I will admit, at first, I was skeptcal.  There are so many places that have come and gone...there will always be the places that "have decent craft beer, for the area."  That was my initial hesitation upon opening, and is probably why it took me months to finally give them a try.  I was pleasantly surprised when the beer was one of the best I've had in the valley.

Although the location seems small, it's more than adequate.  Their patio is awesome in the cooler months.  They have enough tables where you never feel like you have to wait long, but never feel like it's too empty.  Personally I favor sitting at the bar, no matter where I go.  Their bar is really cool, and the chairs are spaced appropriately so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the person next to you.

On to the important stuff, the beer.  I've noticed over the past few months, they have done a really good job of satisfying all palattes. Whether you're a hop head, or more of a fruit beer, or maybe something darker, there has been at least one of each on their menu.  I am a hop head through and through, and their American Pale Ale and recently released IPA are my favorite in Arizona right now.  They also often release specialty beers that have never disappointed (for instance, a coffee IPA).

I have only had pizza there, and it was great.  Love the hot chili oil.

The atmosphere to me is the closest you'll get to a "cheers" type of bar.  Maybe being from the east coast I'm more acclimated to this type of vibe, but it's small, quaint, welcoming, and inviting.  I have gone in with my husband, with my girlfriends, or sat by myself, and I've always felt comfortable, and have always met really cool people along the way. 

For me what sets this bar apart is the service.  Steve has done a really great job of assembling an awesome team, who remembers who you are, and what you like to drink.  And Steve is such a nice person.  It's fun chatting him up about his beer.

Their social media and website are always up to date, so check regularly to see if there's anything special on.

I think what you do need to realize before going in is, it's a small brewery with a decent size list of oustanding beers.  This isn't a Yardhouse type of establishment.  And you don't have to be a beer expert or beer snob to enjoy it.  From what I've experienced, if you ever have any questions, or want to try anything, all you have to do is ask.
Went on a Sunday afternoon at 1:30. Ashlee was our server and it was fun to visit with her. She knew her beers, is a hop head, and directed me to the Double Oatmeal IPA which was amazing. They had a good brunch menu; I had the classic breakfast pizza and my wife had the bacon and mushroom frittata skillet.

As we waited for our food and I enjoyed the Double Oatmeal IPA, Ashlee brought over samples of the other Fate brews saying she enjoyed talking to craft brew fans and wanted us to taste their other beers as well. I tend toward IPAs and the pale ale was excellent but I was surprised by the red, absent the over-sweet maltiness I've tasted in a lot of microbrews of that style. It was dark but not heavy, with just enough hop to balance the malt or rye. I ended up taking home a growler of the red though I'd planned on a growler of the Pale Ale, both for the variety and because it was so good. Truth be told, I also took home a "growlerette" of the Double Oatmeal IPA. The "growlerette" was a cool small growler with a flip top that would be reused and enjoyed by home brewers, and is just cool looking.

Matching the beer, the food was very good. My classic breakfast pizza had olive oil, bacon, rosemary roasted potatoes, mozzarella, cracked egg and was finished with fresh herb. It was a nine inch pizza with a crisp crust. The egg, cheese, and potatoes matched well and contrasted with the crunch of the crust. My wife's frittata was also very good and she commented more than once on the flavor of the rosemary roasted potatoes coming through. Hers was served in a small cast iron skillet on a board with pegs holding it in place. The server who brought the food to our table noted our choices and said we were in for a treat. He was right. Ashlee came by and noticed I'd not eaten the crust of the pizza and she suggested trying the pepper oil on the table with the crust. I turned out I cleaned the plate with the pepper oil and crust.

Service, food, and beer were all top notch. In our family we have a tradition of choosing a restaurant for our birthdays and, for the last few years, my choice has been either Four Peaks in Tempe or San Tan Brewery in Chandler. While I still love both of those breweries, Fate will be where I draw my family from across the valley for my next birthday.

Don't miss this place!
I've only been here once, but had good food and an excellent couple of beers. Top that off with employees and an owner that seem like good people and you have yourself a spot definitely worth going back to.
No cider? Really?

Their wine selection is pretty good and the staff was very friendly. Also the place is nicely designed. It gets busy pretty quickly. Can't comment on the food as I didn't have any.
Uber local microbrew hotspot. If you like beer, you'll love it here. Not only do they brew their own concoctions of hoppy goodness, they even support their fellow brewers and include an array of Arizona beers on tap.

The menu is limited, as the kitchen is based on nothing but a wood-burning oven. But trust me, anything you get, is made with TLC and will leave you incredibly satisfied. The pizza -- I love the Jess with chicken instead of bacon -- is perfectly delectable. DO IT!
Beers were great. $1 half pint special is great for sampling.  Pizza was above average, but it's always tough to judge a small pizza. Location is not great, but the actual restaurant/atmosphere was an A.
This is a great little hangout for a beer and some good pizza! Love the habanero infused olive oil they give you with the pizza. 
My only complaint is that occasionally I really want a "guest beer" and those beers are $1more. But, I understand the reason for that- so I am still giving 5 stars. Friendly, efficient staff at all times. Everyone should stop in and give this place a try. :-)
Awesome microbrewery. Great pizza. Great service. Great ambiance! Their beer list and specialty pizzas change and are always incredible! They also have "guest beers" which are equally satisfying. Also, try the breads and spreads for an appetizer before you start on the pizza! So many different, yummy flavors!
Although my hubby would award it 2.25 stars, I am not as harsh.  I loved my Belgian wit.  It was like Four peaks peach ale minus the peach.  Very refreshing!  We got potato nachos and they were different because they were cooked in their brick pizza oven, but we weren't huge fans.
Great beer and above average food. I went on a jam packed day and the owner was very helpful in taking care of us. He made sure we got our beers and held a spot for us on the waiting list. After ten minutes or so, we were able to get a spot at the bar. The gf went to find him and let him know we were taken care of and he remembered her name. Again, this was during a very crazy time (Candy Stout) so it was nice. The prices were reasonable and we had The Jess for the pizza. If I lived closer, this would be my go to spot.
Pizza tastes great. The beer however, is extremely bitter, no matter which kind you get. I got a sampler flight of all the beers and couldn't choke down one of any of the samplers. I'm a Stella/Kiltlifter kind of guy, and this beer is definitely not my taste. 

I thought the homemade root beer had to bring some redemption. Wrong again. It was flat. 

Service and atmosphere are good, prices are expeeensive for what you get. Probably not going to return. I can see why some folks like it but it's not for everyone.
The service was helpful and super friendly! Went there for happy hour with full intentions of grabbing food as well. That quickly changed about two beers into our shared flight! Glad we didn't get two since we could barely finish the first. All the beers were extremely strong and their stout was legitimately a candy bar taste. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone even though I never tried the food. Much better breweries in the area.
$3.75 pints during happy hour, what up?  I thought this place would be bigger, but it's cool just the way it is, strip-mall style.  Feels finished, though it's been open only a year.  They have 6 of their beers, and 6 guest taps, which is plenty for the size of the place.  No bottles.  I really like this place and I see what all the buzz is about in scottsdale now!
I was really hoping this place would be a new favorite, but I can't. Finding a local brewery so close was very exciting to discover, but was surprised by their beer selection. I guess I never saw Scottsdale as being a big craft beer hot spot, so was surprised by how limiting their selection is to very strong beers.

We started with a flight so sample their selection, and soon realized that all their eers are pretty much just very strong IPAs and Stouts. I like to think I am pretty open to most craft beers, but I do enjoy variety and switching it up. So taking into account the relatively higher prices (especially for food) and the limited strong beers; this place just didn't strike me as somewhere me and my friends can go to for a good evening of beers.

But, on the positive side, the staff was all very friendly, including the servers and bartender. Also, the other customers that did enjoy the beers seemed to be all having a good time. So if you enjoy really strong beers then this is your place.
Fantastic local brewery! Delicious brews and tasty pizza! I consider myself to be a foodie and beer snob and this place is definitely worth checking out. Their Red was really good. Get the beer flight to try all if their beers and then determine your own favorite!
Cool environment, fun people!
Fate is one of my favorite Micro Breweries in Phoenix. They have great pizza for a quick bite at lunch. The Mediterranean is excellent with just the right amount of kalamata olives.  The salad I had was great with blue cheese and candied pecans with sunflower seeds.  The real stand out for me is their unique beers they make and tap.  The Candy Bar Stout is just as awesome as it sounds brewed with peanuts, vanilla, and coco nibs. If you drop in to get a growler they have it on tap with nitrous and it's amazing.  The bartenders are always very friendly and willing to answer questions and fill up a growler to go. If you a re in the mood for a more standard beer check out the belgian Dubbel it's very good with everything.
Fate Brewing a Silver Medal Winner at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver! This place just keeps getting better. The staff is awesome, the beer more awesome. Love the Jess Pizza. Very cool mirco-brewery.
I'm a total beer snob from Seattle, and I think Fate is one of the best craft brewers in AZ. Steve and his team make unique beers in small batches, so the list is constantly changing. It has been "discovered" so expect a crowd at peak hours, but also expect quality beer. Make a special trip if they have their Imperial IPA on tap - it's their specialty.
A young brewery that is doing good things. 

The space is decent sized, but I could see it getting pretty packed on the busier days. 

We got a sampler and everything we tasted was good. Nothing really jumped out at me, but nothing made me make a gross face either.

I do agree that they could dive into the realm of lighter beers, but with their size and brewing capacity, they seem like they're just sticking to the sure things as they get off the ground.

Definitely should be a stop if you're in the area brewery hopping.
I like trying new things. Its fun and hip. While killing some time before doing side work on a Sunday, I did a Yelp Search and *poof* Fate Brewing popped up. Lets review:

~Fud/Drink~
The food here is pretty urban and "gastropub-ish" if you ask me. I had the Scarlet Skillet Omelet (see pic) which was very good. Everything mixed together very well, even if it looks like something your cat yacked up....it was very good. I ordered a bloody beer (they actually name it that on the menu, score) with their light ale.  All their dishes look good, prices are a tad high but the quality is there. Of the crafts they brew, all but 1 was dark or very hoppy, which is why they lose a whole star. The variety simply was not there if you like anything relatively light or refreshing.

Even the ale they gave me was a Pale Ale which, I am not a fan of. It had the traditional PA hoppy kick. It tasted good with my bloody mix in it...but still, where is the variety? The guest beers were also all very hoppy or dark, so even if I jumped over to the guest list its difficult. I know its winter, but not every winter beer HAS to be dark... I am still getting used to dark beers, so I am totally up to trying new things... but give me variety!!!

~Atmosphere/Service~
This place has a hipster feel to it. A lot of ironic items throughout, like the tool bench drawer used to cart off used growlers or old drinks...or some of the chairs which are made out of random materials. The large stone bar-top is inviting and spacious, allowing for a lot of items to be strewn across. A comparable amount of tables are inside, as well as a short-but-sweet patio up front. Service was good, one barkeep for the lot of us at the bar on a Sunday is OK. He was helpful and gave me a couple samples to try. Nothing overwhelming in either direction...nice guy.  It definitely has an open, relaxing feel to it. Really relaxing and comforting place to head over to on a Sat-Sun morning, I feel. You won't look/feel like an alchy if you come in for a drink or two and get some brunch.

~The Down Low~
Good solid spot to unwind, upscale in some aspects, with an emphasis on hipsterism in some areas. Come on down, its a fun place to be as you can tell that a lot of beer enthusiasts come here. They get 4 stars for fun/refreshing set-up, good mix on menu, well made craft beers, and an inviting atmosphere.
Not bad, good ambience for a brewery. It was relevant enough for guys to go grab some beers there and also for young families to come by.

I need to come here more /try more of their beers to give you my opinion.

They have some other beers on tap...orange shanty is nasty...but you all knew that already.

Go for their beers instead
great place, great beer!  I would recommend the potato Nachos.  Great food great service.  yum
Love this place!! nice vibe, great food, delicious beer, and AJ IS AWESOME!!!!
OK beer, but not as good as many other local breweries. Pizza was mediocre so if you go there spend the money on beer, not food.
Came in for the anniversary party so I wasn't able to actually take a seat and grab some food - it was way over capacity. I tried a vanilla cocoa smoked porter and it was very heavy and over the top on the smoke flavour. I'm more of a fruit-infused beer drinker, though, and there wasn't anything on the brew menu that catered to that. I would come back on a normal business day to try the pizza or some of the lighter beers, but a brewery with such a small variety of beers and no beer-based foods is not what I'm usually looking for in a brewery - but if you're into trying new beers, definitely check them out. They had some unique flavours!
(Lyrics - George Michael - Faith)

Well I guess it would be nice
If I could taste your craft beer
I know not everybody 
has got a brewery like yours

But I've got to sip twice
Before I give my heart away
And I know all the games you will play 
Because it's on Direc TV Too!

Oh But I 
Need some Pizza
From that hunger cry
Time to pick my fork up off the plate

Oh, When that pie comes out 
With that aroma
Well, It takes a strong appetite Baby
But I'm showin you my mouth

Cause' I gotta have Fate
I gotta have Fate
Because I gotta have Fate, a Fate, a Fate
I gotta have Fate, a Fate, a Fate

Fate is a local brewing company located in Scottsdale.  There used to be life around here back in the days when Devil's Martini existed.  Still some small hot spots here and there; the there is Fate.  The only beer brewing restaurant around; this cute little brewery spices up the night life back into the area.

I shared the olive side and a capicola pizza with a pal.  If you like olives this was a delight.  Nicely dripping in it's own juice with a salty punch to your palates.  The firewood pizza that we ordered was okay I thought.  The crust got dried out quickly and the toppings did the same.  Kept on drinking to finish it off!  

Drinking was not what I did here though.  I'm not a big fan of craft beers, but can appreciate it.  We sampled all their beers and my favorite and also strongest was the Belgo American Tripel.  Strong indeed cause I started to buzz a little after one!  Light weight here!  Anyways, the other beer were strong also and extra bitter to me.  Almost like an IPA which I despise!  All you IPA drinkers can hate...go ahead.  

Overall, the atmosphere is great and the service was awesome.  Drinks were fine, but not my cup of tea and the food was okay. - Enjoy!
Great place and Nice staff will return flatbread was excellent
Constantly rotating selection of creative beer and some great pizza combinations from their pizza oven.  Great variety in beer, everything we tried was good.
Great to have a brewpub so close!  Have tried this place a few times and each time, just want to turn back around and go back!!
Great beer selection with frequent rotation. They also offer some great offering from other local and nonlocal brewers. 
Staff friendly and beer smart, which is a plus. 
Food menu, although not extensive, is fantastic with their wood fired pies and clever apps. 
Not a big place so try to get there when they open or you may have to fight off other beer aficionados for a table. (We went on Fathers day. Got there when it opened and ten minutes later, they had a 20 min wait).
So I urge anyone who likes to eat and/or drink to try Fate!
I love this place! My boyfriend and I go here at least once a week. They always have new beers. Their Table Saison and Imperial Coffee Stout is super yummy. Great pizza and nice service!
Just had a few beers, and that will be the last time I ever go there. The place was very modern and pleasing to the eye, just the way you want your local brewery to be. Bit that's the best it got. The beer was average at best, Nd I drink a lot of craft beers. The prices were a little steep for food and the menu was small. But what made my experience horrible was the guy at the entrance. He was insulting our group as we left and was very unprofessional. So we asked what his name was. He said "I'm Steve the owner" if this is true, its the last time I ever visit.
I have been here four times in the past year.  This is a cute little place.  It has a small menu, but it is enough to satisfy your appetite.  This last time we were a group of 13 people and they were quickly and happy to accommodate us.  We sat in the patio area.  Our server was Fausto and he was really great.  This time I had the roasted rosemary potato pizza and a spinach salad.  It was really delicious, but Scott's fennel pizza, smelled like heaven.  I have had that one before, and I know it is amazing.  Several people ordered the potato chips nachos, they looked delicious.  I also had the Irish red beer.  I liked it.  They also offer flights of beer, which some people really liked.  I am just starting to drink beer, so I am not as adventurous with them yet.  I will definitely keep coming back.  It is a very relaxed and casual environment.
I went here with a large group after the hiking UYE (which was awesome, BTW). We were seated on the patio and our server (who was attentive and very good overall) moved heaters all around us so we were comfortable. So why 3 stars? The food we got just wasn't very good....maybe we ordered the wrong thing.... but it was pretty bad. I tried another person's pizza bread and that was bland, dry, and not very cheesy...not awesome. The husband and I shared the The Jess (garlic, spinach, ricotta, bacon, garlic olive oil)....sounds great, right? Well... it wasn't. It wasn't very garlicky and the bacon had an odd flavor. It was, again, dry and kind of bland. I got a side of marinara sauce which helped a lot, but it still wasn't awesome. For beers we had the strawberry rhubarb....funky, but not bad...and the cream ale....not bad, but nothing special. I will say that other people's food looked better than mine, so it is possible that I just ordered the wrong thing, but regardless, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
It was my 2nd time back at Fate's, 1st time I really didn't have anything but a glass of water, being DD and all, so I didn't think it warranted a review. 

This time I was with a group of friends, we met up for a Hike and Brew, and Fate Brewing was the placed picked for the brew part of the day.

Our server was Fausto, he was great! Told him I had to be the party pooper of the group and order fast & leave soon, but he didn't miss a beat, took my order and got me my drink! 

Still being new to ordering beers (the number of beers I have drank in my lifetime can be counted on one hand) I checked out the list of beers and went with the Irish Red,  it's a cooper red malted focused with an initial caramel sweetness & roasted dryness in the finish. Now the way I happened upon my 1st beer, which was a stout, someone said they are like coffee, I like coffee, ok I love coffee, so it has to be good right? So this Irish Red said caramel sweetness, yes I like that too, so that's how I picked Irish Red, and I have to say I was pretty happy with my choice. Very good, can't wait to try it again!

I was a little bit hungry, but not enough for an meal, so I ordered off the starter menu and got the Potato Nachos, now in the past when I have ordered potato nachos I always regret doing it because I like thick slices of potatoes covered in cheese and goodness not the paper thin slices, I'm a potato luv fool!  But this time I was not disappointed, it was potato slices, but not thin, but not too thick just perfectly right, covered in mozzarella cheese, topped with BACON, red onions, roasted garlic sour cream & chives. This plate of nachos was out of sight! Before I knew it, I ate it all! So dang good!

Glad to have made it back to Fate's and actually tried some beer & food this time :) Look forward to coming back!
This place actually looked pretty nice inside for a brewery but I was sitting out on the patio with a group of my fellow Yelpers. Even though we were a large party, the service was great. Fate has a pretty limited food menu... just pizza and a couple salad and appetizer options. Most of us seemed to enjoy our pizza. The hubby and I ordered the pesto one and it was pretty tasty. Not the best pizza I've ever had but good. Anyway, it's a brewery so one does not come here for the food. Since I had never been here before I went ahead and did a full flight (4oz pours of all 6 beers) and here are my thoughts on their brews:

Strawberry Rhubarb - This was described as a Berliner Weisse which is a beer style I am not at all familiar with but based on the name I thought it would be sweet. To my surprise, it was actually pretty sour (I now know that is how it is supposed to be). But it really did taste just like strawberry rhubarb pie but just not sweetened... you know that fruity but tart flavor? They completely captured it. Yummy! I liked this one more than I expected to.

Cream Ale - This was my least favorite beer at Fate. It did not have enough flavor or body. I was expecting more maltiness (is that a word?)  I guess if you are a lager drinker (which I am not) you would enjoy it. Probably would taste better in the summer on a hot day.

Irish Red - Almost everyone at the table (myself included) agreed this is their best beer. On the menu it said this had won an award at the Great American Beer Festival in CO and I can see why. Flavor was perfectly balanced. Tasty hops but not too bitter. Just a fantastic beer.

American Pale Ale - I have never been a fan of IPAs but I have recently developed a taste for American or "West Coast" pale ales. Just hoppy enough to wake up your palate but not too much that it is intensely bitter. This one had a nice malty flavor to it as well. I guess for a true hop head it might not be enough hops but I really enjoyed it very much.

Double Oatmeal IPA - This one was very interesting. I have never experienced (or even heard of) an oatmeal IPA before. I love oatmeal stouts because they have that nice, creamy mouthfeel to them (yeah, that's right, I said mouthfeel). This one had that same texture but was really hoppy like you would expect from an IPA. I couldn't quite decide if I liked it or not. Next time I'll have to get a whole pint so I can figure it out. They don't have the ABV values on their website but if I remember from the menu this one was pretty strong.

Oatmeal Stout - This style is just always a tasty beer in my book and this one was no exception. I would drink beer this any day of the week. It had a beautiful rich, dark color to it. Also a great flavor and just the perfect touch of sweetness.
Wow! I am a big craft beer guy and Fate brews the best around. Their candy bar milk stout and their double IPA are in my top 5 favorite beers ever. Everything else I have had has been solid as well. Food is very good and service has always been attentive as well. I will be coming back here regularly.
We checked Yelp driving down from Las Vegas and found Fate.  Was it fate?  We were impressed by prior reviews so took the leap, and are pleased we did!  Fausto, our server, was a delight - attentive, knowledgeable and prompt in every way.  We enjoyed our meal - the margherita pizza was excellent with shredded basil over the entire surface, and the Red Irish Ale was a delight.  The unexpected bonus was their guest brew from Funkwerks in Fort Collins, CO, which was their King Tropic brew.  We had this at Funkwerks taproom in July, 2013, and it was superb, 8.2 ABV, and full of flavor.  It is worth the trip just for this beer alone, but that discounts Fate's Oatmeal Stout - a grand stout full of flavor and delicious from start to finish.  This is a new micro-brewery celebrating their one year anniversary.  Join them and enjoy every bite and every brew!
Our favorite local brewery! Very unique beers and it is always exciting to try something new. I love the hatch chili cream ale and the candy milk stout is real good. Pizza is also very good and atmosphere is modern and sleek.  Service always very good too
This was our first visit to Fate in Scottsdale. The location is great, conveniently near the major intersection of Shea and Scottsdale Rd. Look for the big fire truck in the parking lot that's a travelling billboard for the barbecue place next door. The restaurant itself is small so there's some wait times for a table or to sit at the bar. We were fortunate to find some empty seats at a high-top table near the entrance. The beer selection is small but there's something for nearly every taste. We looked for a sampler board like most micro breweries have, but could only find individual 3.5 oz samples for $1.75 each. I tried the coffee infused cream ale which was the special at $3 per pint. The beer was good, not great, which surprised me because I like coffee and beer. We ordered the potato nacho appetizer which was just ok. I probably won't get that again. The service was a little slow, but I'll give them a break because it was busy for a Sunday afternoon...but that's your job right? Overall, it was a good, not great experience but we'll give Fate another chance before making a final judgement. Oh, that sounds so ominous ;-) But, we vote with our wallets.
Small gem hidden in a strip center, community tables, first come first serve.  Menu is limited to pizza and a couple of salads and appetizers, but they were all good (had three different types of pizza with a group to share).  They are a micro brew and it was AZ beer week, so the "theme" that night was all their beers (other times they have their own plus other brands) we had several different ones. I had the cream ale and it was a good option for me since I am more of a wine and domestic beer drinker :) not too heavy and very smooth.  It was a cool vibe, laid back and not stuffy at all.  I would definitely go back.
Great pizza and beer place. Very unique flavors and varieties.
You must go here! Everybody is friendly. They have the best chocolate stout (forgot the name of it). And, the goat cheese pizza and salad were amazing. Better than the place that's on  Drive ins, Diners and Dives show. :)
Love this place! Staff is friendly, loves kids! Pizza is awesome. Come here for brunch on Sundays, breakfast French toast pizza is incredible!
We decided to head to Fate for lunch to celebrate my big 3-0 birthday, based on all of the positive Yelp reviews. I'm happy to report that it didn't disappoint. The beer, pizza and cake pops were all on point. Our server was friendly and super attentive, in fact we joked that she may have Psychic powers!! I would highly recommend Fate and will definitely return the next time were in Scottsdale!
Our last stop on the Arizona Brewpub trail.  FATE did not disappoint.  It had the most interesting and varied Beers by far.

Strawberry Rhubarb Berliner Weisse!  A beer that smells like cheese - which I wouldn't think would be a good thing - but what do you know..  So Good.  Try a Chocolate Chili Milk Stout for dessert. Waiter told us that they keep the beer selection pretty fresh - coming up with new ideas all the time.

20 minute wait on Thursday night was OK.  Staff was friendly.  Pizza, Burgers and Salads held the standards well above average bar fare.  Kind of "out of the way" in a little strip mall, it was worth the trip.
Great service starting with hostess and manager.  The pale ale was awesome. Reminds me of Mirror Pond.

Pizzas are very good.
Popped in with a few friends while visiting Scottsdale for the day and had an excellent beer bloody mary. The mix on it waa great had a nice kick to start my day off right. I tried the standard IPA and it was delicious. Very refreshing and not overly hoppy and heavy with a nice citrus hint! (Perfect for a hot day if you dont want a lighter beer) Also tried a sample of the oatmeal double IPA which is wonderful. Service and atmosphere are nice. I would come back and try the pizza we didnt eat but it looked amazing!
Solid beer, solid pizza, solid service, solid atmosphere.  Just an all around solid place to grab a pizza and a beer.  All the reviews on here seem to be spot on so there is really nothing more that I could add.
A great chill place to sit out on the patio and enjoy the beverage of your choice and some pizza. I went here with a group of Yelpers as Fate Brewing was the payoff after hiking Pinnacle Peak on our Hike & Brew UYE.

First of all, the service was outstanding and individual checks were written without any fuss. It was gorgeous day outside for some conversation, drinks and food. I had the sausage pizza with goat cheese sans the mushrooms. That pizza was wall to wall sausage. I unfortunately negated the calories I burned hiking by eating that pizza but my tummy was very happy. The pizza tasted very good and was reasonably priced.

I might have to try some other items next time but to tell you the truth it would be hard to pass up on that pizza.
First time eating here. It's small and intimate. We had the cheese sticks and pizza. Both were good, but the pizza was a little salty for my taste. I added some marinara from the cheese sticks which fixed the pizza right on up. I would go back if it wasn't so far out. I live on the West Side of town.
Nice little spot with friendly staff, good music and great pizza. Had the Rustica and the pepperoni pizza. Both were really friggin good! 
Also had tiramisu for dessert that was absolutely decadent. Food here is fantastic, hands down.
Enjoyed the beer. Really liked the choc chili stout, but ended up with the hefe as the stout is a bit spicy. The pizza was incredible! We got the rustica which was really good! Excellent service. Omg, the tiramisu was one of the best I've had!
The Audi Club of Arizona organized a little meet / greet happy hour at Fate Brewing recently. One of our members had heard about the place and the weather+patio+good brews and chews was the ideal mix. I contacted the manager to see about setting up a place for a group of about 10 people (we ended up with 15). Steve was welcoming and quick to respond. The day of I arrived early and Travis (I believe) guided me to the table, the wait staff was great and gave great recommendations. Individual checks were done without a blink and we all know that can be difficult when a group arrives at different times etc. All in all, excellent experience. The food, the brews, the homemade root beer, and the staff were great. The location just off of Scottsdale road and Shea was easy to navigate and with a back entrance by the additional parking made it even easier. Highly recommend!
**EDIT**

Within hours of my original review (below), I was contacted by the owner of Fate. He apologized for my experience and offered to make it right, and for that, my opinion of this company is vastly improved. It's very refreshing to know that an owner listens to their customers and seeks to improve in areas where they may fall short. You never get a second chance to make a first impression, but the response I received from the owner is certainly a large step in the right direction. 

_____________________
My girlfriend and I are HUGE beer lovers, she works at a brewery and has worked at a few different ones for the past 5+ years. We were in the Phoenix area so she could take her Cicerone exam at Crescent Crown, and we were heading up to Sedona for the next couple days. We visit breweries/brewpubs multiple times every week, and since we live in San Diego I'd like to think that we've seen a lot when it comes to the craft beer scene (I'm not trying to brag at all, just hoping to provide a context to show that we're not new to the idea/business of craft beer). We approach every new brewery with an open mind/palate, and go from there. And so it begins... 

We showed on a Saturday (3/15) early afternoon to find a half-full bar and a decent amount of people at the tables, so we grabbed a couple seats at the bar. The bartender (guy with dark hair, didn't get a name) told us he'd be with us in a minute (he seemed a little frazzled), so I told him there was no rush and we started looking over the menu. A couple minutes later he comes over and asks how he can help us. I asked him if they do tasting flights (since I didn't see the option on the menu), and he *literally* rolled his eyes, let out an audible chuckle/sigh, and said yes. I was immediately pretty put off, but figured I'd let it slide since they were supposed to have good beer. I asked "Do we build our own or is it a set number for a certain price?", to which he replied "Well what do you want?" with an attitude resembling a condescending teacher talking to 5 year old. 

At this point we should have left since his attitude was disgusting, but I genuinely wanted to try their beer. We ordered one flight to share and it was brought to us very quickly, which was nice. After the first taste I realized neither of us had water and we wanted a glass to cleanse the palate a little between styles. I asked the same bartender if we could each have a glass of water (a common request?), and he opens the fridge and puts down a carafe of water with two glasses, all without saying a word. I would have settled for a "here you go", but the silence was awkward and even more off-putting. At this point, I'm pretty much ready to pay the bill and leave; we're patronized by a worker AT A BREWERY by asking to try their beer, and we're treated rudely for having the audacity to ask for a glass of water. What's the deal with this place?

We stayed, and tried the Single Hop Sour, Hefeweizen, Table Saison, Chocolate Chili Milk Stout, and one more...can't remember (American Amber?). The beer was decent but nothing jumped out at me. I'm not a fan of hot spice/chilis in beer, but I appreciated the flavor of the chocolate against the chili in the stout. That is the only good thing I can say about this place. If I had to pick another, I'd say the parking lot was pretty clean and the pizza oven thing looked pretty cool, so thumbs up for that. 

This was the 4th brewery we stopped at in Arizona (out of 6 total), and it was the only one that literally left a bad taste in my mouth. I blame the service more than the beer, but I preferred the drinks at our other stops more anyways. 

We'll certainly be back in Phoenix (friends and cousins live there), but we will not return here and will not recommend this place to anyone back home. 

As a tip to management, I'd recommend ensuring that your staff talk to their customers like they are adults, not children. Either that, or don't hire workers that are clearly not enjoying their job; they're damaging your brand and only making your competitors look better.
Best craft brewery in the Valley.  And their food is equally good. Love the wood fired pizzas and have tried several of them over the last couple of years.  Don't pass on their house-made chili oil with your pizza - it's very good.  Their house salad is quite tasty and very fresh - I always make sure to get one.

We always sit at the bar and have a great time talking with the bartender, owner and other guests. It's just a friendly neighborhood place.  But we have fun everywhere we go.  It's a matter of attitude isn't it?
More and more, Arizona is being bombarded by breweries, and it's becoming harder for them to stand out cause, quite frankly, a lot of the beer tastes the same, the food is typical, and the "unique" crafts just don't tickle my tastebuds. Fortunately, Fate has a couple of those standouts that would make me want to head back over there...the chili oil and the chocolate-chili milk stout! 

I know, the chili oil? Yep. It's actually packed with great flavor that goes perfectly with any of Fate's carbohydrates (I only tried the flatbread app and potato nachos -- just okay). If you ever had the pleasure of going to a restaurant named Aiello's before it closed, you'll remember their complementary chili oil app. Fate's oil reminded me of that immediately! It's just spicy enough, and it's loaded with delicious chili, oil, and oregano flavor. The chocolate-chili stout was also perfectly spicy! The first few sips were reminiscent of any tasty chocolate/coffee milk stout, but after your palate has been engulfed with it, you start to get hints of spice that build slowly while you venture to the snifter's plinth. Delicious.

I'm looking forward to checking Fate out again, and I'm hoping the service will be a little better the next time (it was busy). And, I'll be sure to try their pizza because, c'mon, I like pizza and beer! 

Salut!
So after my last review I have been meaning to come check out Fate Brewing again especially their food. So this time around I stopped by and had dinner on a Friday night and as usual this place was packed. I really do enjoy the laid back atmosphere and the chill music. But my taste buds just don't agree with their beer I tried a few new beers and still wasn't satisfied. To me they just don't stick out enough to want to come back not to mention there brick oven pizza is just that and nothing more. Don't get me wrong I am not trying to bash this place and I really want to like Fate but its just not happening.
Fate is great for microbrews and brick-oven pizza.  All of the pizzas that I've tried (vegetarian) have been pretty great.  The olive appetizer is also nice.  Lots of microbrews on tap as well as some local brews.  No wait (at least not so far), so that is a plus during the cool months.  I'm hoping this can remain a somewhat unknown neighborhood joint!
Fate is the best small brewery and restaurant in the Phoenix area!  It is not even close.  Their beers are always flavorful and delicious.  There are usually at least 6 of their own beers and a few "guest" selections to choose from.  Always something for everyone.  The food is also excellent.  They could offer sharper knives for cutting the pizza.  That would be my only suggestion.  They have indoor and outdoor seating with a great concrete bar and 2 TV's with the sound off.  A "garage door" joins the inside and outside areas together.  My favorite beer selections are the Irish Red and the American Pale Ale.  Both are excellent.  Also anything with Hatch Chili's is pretty good as well.

Fausto is a great server.  If you are lucky enough to get him you will be well taken care of.

I have been to many other craft breweries in Arizona and none are as good as Fate.
I live in Chandler but happily make the trek up to Fate whenever I get the chance. Just a week or so ago, they debuted a new Sunday Brunch special so yesterday we all piled in the car to come try it out for ourselves. The deal is that you get any of their brunch entrees which include a variety of breakfast pizzas or breakfast skillets, and 2 5oz glasses of Fate beer for only 10 bucks! Cant be beat. They only have a pizza oven there, so that's why the menu is limited to pizza oven entrees, however you dont feel limited when you're eating their creations! I got the meat and potato skillet and my friends tried 2 of the other skillets -they were all winners and we cant wait to come back. Thanks for the great service, lovely atmosphere and amazing food and beer Fate! :)
Very good beers. They usually have a myriad of their own beers that have great hop- forward flavor. Their food is always delicious. Their food is centered around wood fired pizzas that do not disappoint. And try their homemade chili oil too.
Stopped in for lunch recently and had a great time as usual. The staff is friendly and helpful but also speedy so you can really get in and out for a lunch stop. Loved the specials that they have now- half salad and half pizza for 10 bucks is great. Thanks again Fate!
Finally writing a short review after many visits!  Recent Fennel and Sausage Flatbread very, very good.  Service fast and consistent.  Great beers especially the Hatch Cream Ale (great aroma and taste!)  Whenever owner is there he always recognizes you and thanks you for coming.  Nice.
Stopped in last night to check it out since we were in the neighborhood. Loved everything (beers, food, atmosphere, service) and can't wait to come back with friends. 

My husband and I generally prefer pale ales so we ordered the Single Pale Ale and American Pale Ale. Both were awesome! We had sampled some pale ales at Arizona Wilderness the night before and I preferred the beers at Fate. I would even say that Fate  could easily become my favorite local brew. Looking forward to coming back for the Double Oatmeal IPA.

Food was impressive as well and prices were very reasonable. Menu consists of pizzas, salads, and apps. It was hard to choose a pizza because they all sounded great, some interesting ingredient combos too. Our server recommended the fennel sausage and it didn't disappoint. The sausage had great flavor and loved the pairing with goat cheese!!
Single hop sour- the next hot beer for people looking for a change from IPA!  Hatch chili cream is also amazing.
My girlfriend and I came here because ohso and four peaks were way too crowded. Very limited beer selection but they brew it so that's understandable. They only serve pizza and salads but they were good. Little on the pricey side. I could do 3 1/2 I would.
I don't drink so I can't comment on the beer, but the pizza here is the best in the Scottsdale. I tried the honey habanero and it changed my life! lol Also, their pretzels are amazing!
First visit review.  Love the atmosphere, decent beer and the best warm pretzel I have either had.  I will be back.
Was up in the area so stopped to check it out.

Overall good place with craft beers done in small batches. The selection at this time was not my favorite so i am going to have to go back when it aligns more with the kind of beer i like. They had seven diff ones most were too hoppy for me the standouts where the red and sour. They also have beers from other brewers to round out the selection.

Simple and clean decorations and has viewing of the brewing gear, a pretty small place in general.

Menu is basically a pizza place (have wood fired oven) with salads and bar snacks. Not wide offering but good. Pablo honey pizza was a nice change of pace.

So after i go back when they have some more stouts and balanced beers i will review again.
My favorite micro brew! Have Been going since they opened, and I absolutely love Fate.
Beers were solid, loved the Chocolate Milk Stout! Split a margherita pizza which was ok, the chile oil is really nice though. Service was friendly. I would return if it wasn't so far from my house.
Love the beer (Cream Ale is my favorite) and love that they have something new every time we go.  The food is also very good and they welcome special orders which is a nice touch for picky eaters like myself.  The food menu is somewhat limited, but that does not bring my rating from 5 stars to 4 at all.
Small and inviting, this is a great place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.  Their beer is great and the staff is very helpful if you do not know what you want.  The food was unique and quite good.  If you are in the area and need a craft beer fix, this is not a bad place to get that fix.
I got a sneak peek at the soft opening last night and, let me tell you: I'm VERY optimistic about this place! 

First off: the beer was great! I especially enjoyed the James Brown Ale, followed by the Mit Hefe and I cannot wait for the Sunnyslope Stout to be available. 

Our server, Anthony, was friendly and professional. I appreciated his recommendations and attentiveness.

We started with the mussels (the best I've yet had in the Valley of the Sun!), -- plump and soft, well seasoned not overly cooked. I will likely be  making a meal of these  in the future -- and, enjoyed the "bread" which are medium-length pretzel rolls served with a light, fluffy, sweet, house made honey butter, Dijon mustard and a nutty, garlicky pistachio pesto.

I enjoyed the Shepard's pie, made with tender, flavorful lamb topped with delicious mashed potatoes. And had a bite of a dining companion's fish and chips - perfectly battered, moist, flaky fish - something I would order in the future, though I'm holding out for the poutine which was not available yet. I understand they're perfecting their fries to be "made" for this dish! 

They've been "practicing" on their Mugg Club members (http://www.northmountainbrewing.com/wordpress/?page_id=22) a subscription email that alerts you to special brews in the forecast, top-secret private engagements, and other "need to know" information. They open "officially" at 4PM on Saturday, March 9 and will be adding lunch once they get their legs under them.

I've asked my name to be engraved on a chair, as I plan to spend quite a bit of time here! 

Prost!
North Mountain has terrific potential as a great neighborhood spot--where everyone will know your name.  Based on the soft opening most things are on track.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable--always a good sign for some place just opening.  We shared mussels and they were terrific, just needed to come out a tad bit warmer.  I had the fish and chips--the fish was really good--crispy but not greasy and flaky but not dry.  I am not a big beer drinker--but the pale ale was  flavorful--perfect for someone like me who wants to enjoy a beer without being  overwhelmed  by it.  so why the three stars?  for a brewing co/pub--the fried foods have got be a step above.  Although the fish was terrific--the chips left a great deal to be desired.  I asked for mine well done and crispy--they came out one tint away from  off white and were limp and soft.  Not the way fries should be.  They were also overly salty coming out of the kitchen.  Fries should have a taste of their own but still have room for an individual's own salting and bathing in ketchup is you so desire.  

I am sure I will return to try more -- both beers and food.  I do hope they will fix the fries though.
FANTASTIC!!!!  Atmosphere was GREAT!  Food was really good all around!  Staff were engaged and helpful!  Valet parking was a plus since it was raining!!!
One star because "no stars" is not an option.

This is the exact email I sent to the brewery after leaving this establishment about my "experience" which has yet to be acknowledged :

Pretty disappointed by last night's experience. Or lack there of. We got to the brewery a few minutes before what I was told was our "reservation" time and just shortly after a party of 4 had gotten there. I heard the host tell the party that since they did not have a ''reservation", it would be about a 30-40 minute wait. The party moved aside to discuss if they wanted to wait or not. The host then ignored my husband and I for 5 minutes while she conversed with 3 other employees all who seemed to not have a care in the world. When we finally got her attention she found our name on the "reservation" list and informed us it would still be at least 30/45 minutes before we could be sat. Now longer than the group who walked in before us that didn't have a "reservation". We have no problem over looking minor service issues,especially at a new place, when dining out, but when it comes at the expense of wasting our entire evening, that's just inexcusable. Why bother taking reservations? Scratch that, why email me and ask me if I'd like to have a reservation for your establishment if you have no intention of honoring it. Sure you maybe thinking, "we were going to honor it, just 45 minutes late"... Which means it would take me how long to get food and beer after arriving at this imaginary table? Also 30/45 minutes? Lame. 

So I have yet to get a response... 
Forget this small place with crap parking. Go to Fate, or Angels Trumpet, or Sun Up, or Phoenix Ale House, or Sleepy Dog, or Four Peaks, or Gordon Biersch, or hell, drive the hour to Sedona or Pine and visit one of their many breweries. All of them will be more than happy to provide you with wonderful beer & food with out a "reservation"... Just don't bother here.
OMG! I thought this place was going to be amazing. But it actually exceeded my expectations. Chef Justin's food is going to blow your mind. Met him tonight and he seems like family already.
We had the Oxtail lumpia (the meat tender and with a perfectly crisp wrap,) Ahi Tuna dish that will rock your pallet, also had the risotto with chicken and finished the meal with  my first ever WORT milkshake. Talk about malty goodness. Presentation of all items were perfect! Hello.. 1 star reviews - it was the opening of a brewery/restaurant , of course it's going to be crowded. And for the record, this is a large place with ample parking. Far better than some of the other fine establishments mentioned. The kitchen staff was in concert with each other like a perfect sonnet when we arrived. They were happy, pleasant and responsive. No doubt due to the leadership of their Chef.  Beer was outstanding, weakest in MHO was the Pale, but still a solid beer. The ESB and Hefeweizen were spot on. This is very rare for first batches from any new brewery. I did not have the fries, but will check them out TOMORROW! My only criticism was lighting might be a little bright, but not distracting. And if that's the only suggestion this very detailed project manager has, this place should get 6 stars whether it was opening night or 6 months from now. And...personally if wrote an email, BASHING or congratulating a new establishment on opening week, I would not expect an email within 24 HOURS. Good Grief.
So we also went to the soft-opening.  In that, I'm patient with the service issues which were more than present.  Our 4 dinners were brought out one at a time, about 5-10 minutes apart.  I watched as server after server wandered around the room asking "did you order...?"

My biggest issues here were definitely the problems I don't see them resolving with some simple management.

1. I like beer.  I like craft brews and love microbreweries because you can get something completely new.  Not here. I tried every beer they had on tap, except the one they said wasn't ready yet.  The pale ale was decent, but murky and boring. The hefe had a strong vinegar smell, but luckily tasted a little bit better with a strong banana residual flavor.  The James Brown nut ale had the most character, but at the end of the night, was just a nut brown.  The ESB was boring...little flavor and too dark for the style. 
Overall, I enjoyed the guest taps much more.  The Great Divide saison and the Four Peaks black IPA were much more interesting and worth calling craft beers. 

2. The food. What a disaster.  I sat with a group of 4.  We ordered their pretzel bread, which I think is just rye bread with pretzel salt on it.  It didn't have much flavor.  The three dips it came with were decent though. I don't eat seafood so the choices for dinner were limited.  There was chicken, burger, bangers and mash, or shepherd's pie.  We ultimately ordered three of these.

Which all came out about 5-10 minutes apart.

The chicken was a drumstick and thigh on about 3/4 cup rice.  VERY salty and mostly just a teriyaki taste. The bangers and mash are one sausage on lumpy mashed potatoes. The shepherd's pie was good, all six bites of it. The burger was forgotten about and reordered.  It came out rare, not medium-well as ordered.  It was ok, but I've had much better burgers that didn't cost $14.

Overall, I would eat before you go, and be willing to know that any beer you get here you can get pretty much anywhere else.  Until they get more creative with beers, and reasonable with thier food prices/portions we will not be going again.  

What a shame.
Ok people... Take a breath and reign in your inner bitch. This is the FIRST couple days of what will be a jewel of the neighborhood. Just like any new neighbor having guests over for the first time, your job as a guest is to welcome them first... Hold back on your criticism as if they owe you something because they we're blessed by your company. First impressions? Yes, the 4$ valet is not in line with the neighborhood norms. Adjust. Yea, live music! Live music by the front door?! Maybe not... Also, put up some artwork or other stuff to breakup the bare wall space. Ok... That's it. Nothing else to crab about cuz I was here two days in a row and I'm ready to go back tonight. The food was GREAT. Good portions, better than I make at home, and less than it would cost to make/burn myself. Great beers too! The one I disliked most is still delicious! How often can you say that?! Plus, I enjoy that it's not "service" so much as a bunch of people who like to cook and serve food and beer, hanging out with their neighbors. Like contributing to a pot luck with cash instead of potato salad. Don't get lost in the expectations of what you are buying with your dollar. Come, sit, eat, drink, listen, meet, share, taste, smell, speak, thank and ENJOY your neighbors and your neighborhood! ;) You can thank me later... Cheers!
The food was absolutely amazing! My husband and I had the shepards pie, mussels, and the little eggrolls. I was a little hesitant about the oxtail, but it was a wonderful surprise.

My husband tried the James Brown Ale and wished he wold have gotten a growler of it. The hefe was my favorite. 

All the people seemed very nice. The waitstaff, the hostess, and the people who cleared our table. I hope this place stays around for a long time! It was much needed!
FANTASTIC!!! I have been to many microbreweries and this is by far the BEST! 

First off, the service was absolutely wonderful. Hostess greeted us right away and was always smiling. Our server was very knowledgable, professional and friendly. Though our server was very very busy,  we were constantly checked on, and tried to get to know us on a personal level, not just another tip. 

Second, the beer was very unique, the brown was personally my favorite, followed by the hefe. 

Lastly but most definitely not least, the food was delicious! Me husband and I started off with the ahi, wonderful presentation but an even better taste! Then shared a shepherds pie and a north mountain burger, absolutely to die for!!! We wanted to try the malt but we were too stuffed, we will be back to try it next time.  There is NO doubt that I will be back.
This place is awesome! The food was delicious and the beers were just as amazing. We tried the Justin, Mountain Burger, Oysters, Lumpia (FAVORITE), and the Shepards pie; none of which disappointed and was like a party for my taste buds. Will be for sure frequenting this place when I next visit Phoenix from LA.
Still a fan! Had the burger which was meaty, well-seasoned and juicy, the crab dip which was rich and creamy (had to ask for a few more crackers, which were happily provided) and the mac & cheese, which had the nice tang I look for in a sharp cheesy dish -- and enough cheese that you had to twirl your fork to break the strands!
Went for dinner last night (Wed), good crowd but no problem getting a table. I ordered the beer sampler and each beer was very good. Much better then some of the other new breweries I've been to recently. For an app, we split the crab dip and it was good, but could have used more crackers, otherwise, creamy and tasty and chunks of crab. I had the fish n chips for dinner and that was very good too, not too big of a portion but with the appetizer, it was perfect. My child ordered the corn dog and fries, very good, not a carnival type corn dog, it was very good. I may get that next time. My girlfriend ordered a burger, unfortunately it was overcooked, she said it was tasty but she likes them medium rare and this was medium and then some. The service was great, our waitress was friendly, knew the menu, and attentive. We'll be coming back, hopefully after they get the last of their beers they offer on the menu.
I am a fan of their beer and the food. My favorite beer they make is the Brown ale.  Another must try is the Saison!  They have a salad made out of brussel sprouts that was amazing.  They sautee it!  I recently had "fried brussel sprout salad at a fancy new Japanese restaurant in Vegas and this was much better. Their mussels are good too.  I also tried the ahi tuna salad which was also very good. I have not gotten around to trying any entrees or sandwiches yet.
So we went on opening weekend and we had a fairly large party of 8 of us so we knew there were be issues so I am going to try this place again in a month or so and hopefully they've worked out the kinks. There were some really good hits and a couple of really bad misses.

First the good hits. The Brussels sprouts are awesome! While the pretzel bread was good the three sauces that came with it were the bomb! My only complaint was there was not enough of them in the little cups. My wife loved the crab dip and the mussels. The burgers were good but needed bacon. We were told after we had eaten that it could be added but no one mentioned it to us and it wasn't on the menu. The servers were very friendly and apologetic on some of the misses. The beer was good. Not great but not bad. I tried the Hefe and the Pale Ale.

So the misses. And these were pretty big misses.  I was the first person to get my plate and my fries were ice cold. Totally inedible! Between the time I got my plate and the last person on our table got his plate was more than 10 minutes. I was done with my meal completely by the time the last person started digging in. The Mac and Cheese, had no cheese on it at all. It was just bland noodles with what  were supposed to be peas in it but I only saw maybe 2 peas. They should just take this off the menu!!! It was by the far the worst thing we ate!

My other complaint is really kind of my own. The place seems to be a geared towards a seafood menu. Out of our entire party, only two people liked seafood. When I think beer, I think burgers and meat and manly food. When I think seafood I think wine. Maybe that is what the owner is looking to change, but with only just 3 or 4 things on the menu not seafood I think they are doing a disservice.

Overall, there are a dozen other brewhouses in Phoenix that serve fantastic food and fantastic beer. I really hope North Mountain Brewing gets their act together, there is nothing on that side of town and it could use it! I will be back in a month or so to see if they can get things together. I think their hits outweigh their misses so go and enjoy a beer, just don't go with a large party. And stay away from the Mac and Cheese!
I had waited patiently for months in anticipation of this awesome brewery to open it's doors! It was worth every long drawn out month :)!! Not only is the blended Euro/Sunnyslope menu of libations and the food brilliant and extreme tummy friendly-you can't find a more friendlier and good humored staff! Great job Rob & Candy!! We'll be regulars :)
I sadly give North Mountain a less than enthusiastic review because I had such high expectations.  Unfortunately, while the beer was fairly good, the service needed some serious attention.  

We went the day after the grand opening and waited ten minutes for them to figure out where they were going to seat us when they had more than half of their tables available.  Then, it took another fifteen minutes for us to get a server who would take our drink and appetizer order.  By the time we finally got our beers and pretzels, we were so discouraged that we opted to go have dinner elsewhere.  

Also, this place isn't nearly as kid friendly as most of the other breweries in town--it's mostly an eclectic adult menu--or if they have a kids menu, nobody told us about it.
I would definitely give them another shot, but they need to figure out how to serve their patrons in a more organized fashion.
Went for opening night, food took a little while to get there, however it was worth the wait, excellent, beer was good too. The service was excellent. We'll come back again.
New place with growing pains.  Owner has a passion for beer, so wish him well.  Tyson the bartender Alzheimer's is worse than my 90 year grandfathers.  Reminded him several times for a pint and he still forgot.  The "James brown" beer is too blah for my taste, below average brown. The stout was great and the ESB is average.   Menu is small which is a plus.
We went last weekend for dinner.  We got a table outside right away and they were fairly quick at taking our drink order.  Then we didn't see our waiter for 20+ minutes.  We flagged down another waiter and he re-took our order because the other one forgot what we ordered.  

We finally got our drinks and our pretzel order (which was really good).  We ordered a couple Poutines, but they were very sparse on the cheese curds and the gravy was WAY thin.  The vegetarian version of the Poutine didn't have a gravy (they could easily come up with a mushroom gravy...or even buy it from Trader Joes).   The brussels sprouts were good, as was the burger.

I will probably give them another chance in a few weeks and hopefully they will have everything figured out by then.  It's really nice having a micro brewery close to the house!
Been there several times.   Greeted warmly and seated promptly.  Servers took orders quickly and knew the menu well.   Specials were related and all questions answered.

Food served in a timely fashion and it was delicious.   House wine was good and a great value.   My beer snob friends approved of the beer selections and prices.

Service seems to be better than most restaurants.   I will be back frequently.
North Mountain Brewing is a cool addition to the neighborhood.  It's a little spartan inside, and can be a little loud too.  It's really ideal for a few beers with friends, and a light lunch or snack.  It's a lot like going over to your foodie friends house to hang out.  Try the cake - totally worth it.  Another stand out is the Justin salad.
Got talked into going twice to give it a second chance by some beer lovers.  Stayed away from the seafood this time and enjoyed a nice cheeseburger, not super huge but very tasty. Service was better as the place was not busy as before. The beers will still need to improve for the long haul to compete with other brew pubs but the food was a big improvement over this past weekend. Stay away from the seafood and you should be safe.
I realize that they've only been open a month but I just couldn't overlook many glaring problems at North Mountain Brewing... 

First and foremost was the beer selection:  they only had 2 of they're own beers, a Hefeweizen and ESP (both pretty good) and they only had 1 hoppy guest beer.

I'd describe the food menu as bizarre, there are more oyster choices than main dishes or appetizers and the main dishes included things like Poutine and Banger.

My suggestion is to check out their website before you decide to go.  You'll notice something else bizarre - that there's no mention of beer on it.  And you can see for yourself the odd food choices.

One last tip - the lunch menu is much smaller than what's listed on-line.
This is a place that is still growing.  I learned a little from the marketing director for NMB; their roots are in home brew.  Like many microbrew start-ups, they are learning how to be a restaurant along with making craft beer.  I believe they will get better at this so I cut them a break when it come to the food/service side.  That being said my server was great - very responsive with quick service.  The beer was off-the-hook fantastic.  This is a family operation so it will be exciting to watch it grow.  I think they have their heart in the right place so if you have any problems, please give them constructive pointers; but if you do, make sure you give a holistic view with not only the misses but the hits.  Candy, I will be back.
Ok, I want to give this place 3 stars, but its new, so I grade on a curve.

Food... - YOU NEED MORE SANDWICHES/COMFORT FOOD...  try to bring a pulled pork sandwich or a reuben on  your menu...

The night we went, around 8pm on a thursday, it was busy, parking was pretty full.   The hostess was friendly, up beat... The atmosphere was cool... though I was blinded by the bright lighting inside the restaurant, which for me, is offputting.  We opted to sit outside, which was nice.    The female server, mid thirtys, very nice, tattoos i think, was a sweetheart... However she didnt mention what they were out of, until after our drink orders were delivered... 
THEY WERE OUT OF THE BURGER! the only sandwich on the menu... I opted to try the pretzels, and the chicken wings.  My friend got the shepherds pie and the poutine.

We gave the POUTINE  5 stars! great dish!
pretzel bites - 4 Stars - tasty sauces
CHICK WINGS 4 STARS... - very spicy, a tad over cooked,
Shephards pie - 3 stars..  not bad.
Beer - very tasty 5 Stars...

I love oysters, but I don't think of them as going with beer, maybe thats just me... I usually would want a martini or a glass of champagne.

Message to the owner : Keep it up! lower the lights! and get a few more sandwiches, you will be rolling in the dough!
This is the type of Public house every neighborhood needs. We just stopped in for a beer and a snack. We found an atmosphere that is inviting, open and kind of quirky. A nice selection of beers that include not only their own kettle creations but well thought out Local (Guest) tap offerings.  For my kindred spirits that enjoy a little bread to go with their beer I must recommend the pretzel, they where fantastic with the ESB. We also tried the wings and I will tell you they are not from Buffalo. They are marinated, grilled, tender and the most refreshing flavor I have sampled on chicken in a long time.
Let me first say that I REALLY want this place to work. I sincerely hope I am able to give a higher rating next time I go back.

First, how in the world does a brewery run out of beer???? This should NEVER happen. The only beers they had available were IPA and Stout, neither of which I like. I realize they are new, but this is like Denny's running out of eggs. When the waitress, Amy (who was very sweet, might I add), realized we were very disappointed that they were out of the Hefe and Pale Ale (amongst others), I think she could have sent the manager/owner over to buy a round - or to simply apologize. I realize they are new, but there is NO way they are going to survive if they run out of beer.

My husband ordered the short ribs which he really liked.

I had the vegetarian because I love eggplant although I am not a vegetarian. The flavor was really good, but it needed more veggies - peppers, mushrooms, onions. It was a chopped up eggplant sandwich with arugula and sauce. The end.

The one-man band was great, and the openness of the space was fantastic. The big downfall of the decor are the BRIGHT lights. They are blinding, so don't look directly into them. 

Like I said, I really hope I am able to give this place a five star next time I go. I live right down the street so would love a local brewery to bike to! PLEASE, make enough beer for your patrons. After all, you are calling yourself a "brewery". In my opinion, you are not this with three beers to choose from!!
Out of beer?  How does a brewery run out of nearly all of its own beers?  Thank goodness they had a few guest taps, but even then they weren't exactly stellar choices (The Grand Canyon one, yuck).  

So I, too, anxiously awaited this place opening but I read the bad reviews of the first few weeks.  I thought it best to give them a month or so to work out any issues.  Well, I'm quite surprised at the beer issue and the rather restricted list of menu items.  One key flaw was that you can't order from a brewpub-appropriate appetizer list in the in-between meal times.  I'm there at 2:30 and my only choices were full portion lunch items.  And not only that, I don't think they're offering enough non-seafood items either.  A lot of people just don't like seafood, and a brewery/brewpub is going to draw a very general crowd of hungry patrons (unlike seafood restaurants per se where it is understood in advance they'll probably just have seafood options).

Parking was very challenging in the back and it's not exactly a nice part of town.  Service was polite.  Food I did receive was fine, but nothing great.  Prices reasonable.  Last and most important though I didn't think their house beers were very good.  But I'm withholding some judgment on this because I was unable to try most of them.
Great time at NM Brewing last nigh.  Service was fast and friendly, owner stopped by to see how we were doing.  Music was a nice touch.

Had the Ipacious IPA.  Good local craft beer.  No noticeable aroma, and much darker than any IPA should be, it is a Pale Ale after all?  But a great taste with a bitter bite.  The Pale Ale while again had very little aroma, was still a very good beer.

We had the great pretzels.  Everything they were talked up to be!  Also had the wings and the flatbread pizza.  The wings were tasty, but a bit under cooked, although blackened on the outside.  The flatbread also came out a bit over cooked.  The flatbread could serve 2-4 people, much bigger than expected.

We be back!  A great addition to the neighborhood.
Go try this new place! I The atmosphere is great, and the food is even better.

Unfortunately I wasn't able to try their brews... I am a light beer drinker and they were out.  I took it as a sign it was good. I will be back to try it! 

Menu items were everything from burgers and fish and chips to a vegetable kale salad. 

They had live music and great service... you won' t be disapointed.
Bring back the Dirty Blonde! The ale, that is. That is a delicious beer- light without being watered down or too hoppy.

I'm really happy that there's a new brewery in town! I think this place has really got a chance at making it, as they offer so much more than just beer. The food menu is good- they had a grilled cheese and pork belly sandwich on their lunch menu that was so tasty. I like the fact they have a nice little patio to enjoy the good weather, too.

From a family standpoint, I wouldn't have any problem bringing my in-laws or friends with small children here. There are PLENTY of high chairs for little ones and even a kid's menu.

The only piece of advice I have for the owners is to bring back the Dirty Blonde- that will be a big hit with the ladies come summertime.
I was really excited to try this place. It smelled unbelievably good in here like really good barbeque or bacon or something like that. It was all we could do to sit patiently while our table was set up.

Unfortunately that is where the visit turned for the worse. Our server seemed like a nice guy but just couldn't get it together. We ordered some beers and it took well over 10 minutes for him to bring our beers and come back for our order. We asked for some recommendations and took him up on the suggestions. He suggested the Justin brussel sprout salad and stated it was his absolute favorite thing on the menu. So I ordered it and it was mediocre at best. My husband ordered the "pho" which he stated was great...it was literally ramen straight out the package with an egg and a couple veggies. My son ordered the kid's burger. It was like a burnt meatball on a dry bun with no toppings whatsoever. My friend ordered the kale salad which she picked at then turned her nose up at. My other friend ordered the fish and chips but would have been better off "trusting the Gordon's fisherman". 

All the poor food aside, the server then left us alone without checking on us throughout our meal. When we finished we asked the guy bussing our table to send him back over so we could order another beer. Our server took our order then hung out with the other servers at the bar/register area for 15 minutes. Eventually we decided to ditch this place to find another that would actually bring us our beers. So I walked up to the register and asked him for our checks and told him to make sure he didnt charge us for the beers he never brought us. He brought us our checks a couple minutes later and mumbled "sorry about that".... 

We won't be back.

Edited 04/30/13 at 20:10: To address owner Candy's response below. I am not surprised to see that your professionalism suits your establishment. My review was as honest as I could possibly state it. Your "pho" sucked and it was definitely ramen. I cannot tell you how the kale salad tasted because I did not try it, just stating what I observed of it. As for the back-handed insult stating "I am a mother of 3 kids- if I see a burnt meetball (sic) I would certainly not feed to my children- but I am so surprised you let your son eat it." At no point did I state I allowed my kid to eat it. In fact we stopped after we left your restaurant to get him a different dinner. All the food aside, we most likely would have overlooked the crappy food if the service was better and I would have provided more stars here. I am not sure what you intend by inviting me to "call you to contact me with your honesty". Do you want me to call you at this restaurant? You can email me directly with the best contact info if that is your intention.
I'll start with the pros:
The restaurant was immaculately clean as well as the restrooms.  And has a great ambiance. 

Everything seems pretty mediocre. They had 4 of their own beers plus one guest tap. Their beers were nothing special. The pale ale, Patrick star and ipa were all very similar. The stout seems more like a porter in my opinion (I love both styles so I did enjoy it). 
The menu is a miss match of a worldly items and doesn't have any real flow to it. The food was fresh and well presented. The fries that come with the fish and chips are different fries that come with the poutine and were both disappointing. The fish was great as well as the small portion of short ribs on the poutine. 
Everyone I was with complained about the portion for the price. But fresh ingredients are more expensive than a bunch of frozen crap. So I didn't mind the prices, I actually thought they weren't bad. 

The cons:
Service. The service was horrible. Since we were nearly the only ones there we got our food quickly and our first round of beers came out quickly, although my wife was never asked what she wanted to drink so she never got anything. We were never offered another round of drinks, only dessert. Our server never came back to check on us either and we didn't see her for some time. When we left there was a group of about 6 or 7 employees all smoking in the back parking lot at their smoking area. Guess smoking is a higher priority than a paying customer.
The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because now I have a reason to go back!  I don't quite know how to describe this place.  A treasure a midst the Dunlap traffic, a jewel in Sunnyslope.  My guess is they hope to capture the John C Lincoln Hospital crowd but even if they don't, they have captured me.  This is not your ordinary bar food.  Our waiter, Anthony, was helpful and attentive and described everything since they do their own beer (I loved the Pale Ale).  Happy hour food was oysters (not my thing) but Anthony said they are working to enhance it.  Burgers with fried egg (my fav), pretzel rolls with dipping sauces, Shreiner sausage plate.  We split a flatbread pizza and a side order of roasted brussel sprouts.  But the kicker is the Vanilla malt...made from the fermented sugar they use to make the beer.  OMG.  I have been looking for an affordable neighborhood place to relax, eat REALLY good food, nice ambiance...I think I may have just found it.
Already lowered my raing...hopefully a fluke on a bad day...but brought two friends to the place I'd been raving about and all they kept saying is "I hope you put this on Yelp".  We opted to sit outside altho it was a hot Phoenix day and I think that may have thrown the staff out as it was like pulling teeth trying to get water, napkins, etc.  It was Happy Hour when we got there, but a good server would of let us know when it was close to ending so we could replenish with another drink so when the bill came and we saw the difference in price of our beers, we were a tad put off.  One diner ordered a flatbread pizza, the other a burger.  We think our server decided to hold off serving the burger till the pizza was ready as the burger and fries were cold.  They did replace it but no attempt to adjust the bill or add a dessert or drink.  Just an 'I'm sorry" which I suppose is better than nothing.  I am willing to give it one more try to see if we just hit it on an off day.  I hope so.  Food is tasty and my friend who enjoys a good craft beer absolutely LOVED her choice.  She called it fruit salad beer.  We'll see.
Wow, there's quite a few reviews here that are highly critical of a place that's barely been open for two months! Heck, when I started my new job, I didn't know what I was doing for at least 3 months...
Anyway, let's give some credit to the folks who decided to open a microbrew / gastropub down in the Slope during this sh*t recession! That being said, we rolled in on a Thursday night on a friend's recommendation and they earned two new customers. I had the beer flight to sample the menu, and LOVED three of them, liked three of them, and was appreciative of the other two.
The crab dip was made with actual crab - not the Krab, cream cheese and mayo that my Midwestern friends seem to think is the gold standard. It's a must-have.
Any eatery that has the moral turpitude to support and serve local AZ farmers and butchers' products get a tip of the cap from me. We had the sausage plate, and although I can probably get the sausages from a variety of places, the cooking and presentation was spot on. That, and the mashed potatoes rivaled that of me dear old mum's in terms of pure deliciousness.
I want to go back on a packed Friday or Saturday to see if we get the same level of service (fantastic, by the way,) and to sample the rest of the menu.

The point is, Yelpers, you screwed me by not supporting my favorite local Thai place (Sa Bai Dee) and they went under. Don't break my heart again by flaming this place before they even have a chance to sort out the kinks. Keep going, bring your friends, and support your neighbors that had the gusto to open a proper gastropub. Yes, good help is hard to find; yes, they need to find their voice when it comes to the beer menu, and YES we need to team up and help a beer loving locavore put a checkmark in the "win" column.
I like the beer, which is all that is necessary for me.
Great new little brewery on the Northernmost border of the area I'd call North Central.  Great food, good beer, community drinking hall style tables and Oyster menu.  I repeat.  Oyster menu.  How many places in Phoenix can you escape to for mid day  Beer Oysters and Soccer?  

Really hope more people decide to give this place a chance-
Love the atmosphere. It reminds me of the little gasthauses I always seemed to hang out in Germany. The staff is friendly and I love the beer. They are still working some of the kinks out, but nothing major and I'm sure that with a few more months under their belts it will be a smooth operation. The food is very tasty, but I can't recommend eating here - it is just too expensive.  So to wrap it up, fun, open, inviting place to hang out at and the tables are huge, so invite your friends or better yet make some new friends. Once the food prices/portion sizes are adjusted this could be the go to place. I really hope NMB can make a go of it, the Sunnyslope neighborhood could really use a few more fun spots like this.
Well, the hubby and I were up in North Phoenix a couple weekends ago and I just had to stop in and check out North Mountain Brewing Co. I had bookmarked them after stopping by their booth at the Strong Beer Festival in February but they are pretty far from where we live so I hadn't gotten around to paying them a visit even though I have seen some pretty good reviews from fellow Yelpers. Unfortunately we had just had a huge meal so we did not sample any of the food but I did try all four beers that they had on tap that day. Their production facility is pretty small so they don't make a whole lot but the nice thing is they do also keep some other local brews on tap so you are sure to find something you would like to drink.

I tried the four that they make themselves. First off was their Funk 49 wheat ale, similar to a Hefeweizen but with a bit more flavor. It was a nice light beer, perfect for summer, and had a pleasant mild taste with a crisp citrus aftertaste. Hubby ordered one of those put an orange in it, as he is wont to do. Next we tried the CREEM Ale. This one was a bit lighter than I was expecting but surprisingly enough I really liked it and ended up ordering a pint. I can't remember how they categorized it but to me it was like a very mild red ale but with some really strong caramel undertones. We also tried their pale ale which as expected was a bit too hoppy for me and their Nonpartisan lager which also as expected was too tasteless (nothing against NMB, I just don't care for pale ales or lagers). I look forward to trying their stout some day since that one sounds great!

We had a great time chatting with the friendly bartender. Everyone working there seemed really nice and they greeted most folks by name as they entered (it was the middle of the day so they were not busy). Even though the interior looks brand spanking new and everything was pretty shiny and modern, it still had a homey feel to it since the space was small and very open. Also, the smells coming from the kitchen were mouth watering and their menu looks fantastic. I love the fact that they have some traditional pub food but then throw in some unexpected twists. They even had some Vietnamese items on there. Apparently they just lost their chef so they may be reworking the menu soon, though. And it sounds like their beers change all the time. Next time we are in this neck of the woods we will definitely be back.
Live music, good beer, progressive food...
Great place, great food, Great Ambiance. Now for the bad part. The service is kinda clunky. I hope they fix/make it more seamless. For example - it shouldnt take 30+++ minutes for me to get 2 oysters,  they are in the fridge, go back there and get them, no need to have the chef get them??  This is not rocket science, you are getting a bowl, filling it with ice, cracking open the oysters, sticking them in the bowl, with a few condiments. Same for the soft pretzel that took 45 minutes...seriously people, the waitress or "cook" could be doing some of this while the sous chef make the main meals...to put this into perspective when we go there they had 15 people there max, but it took 45 minutes for pretzels.....over an hour for the meal, 30++ minutes for TWO oysters???  This is a great little neighborhood brewery and I am excited that it is here in sunny slope but work out those kinks people!
We decided to give them one more chance.  And I am SO glad we did.  First of all, I commend the owner, Candy, for responding to my previous Yelp and coming to talk to us tonight at dinner.  She is a warm, friendly, lovely lady and I am so glad to have met her.  Our server, Amy, was great...even before she knew we had put something negative on Yelp.  The last time must have been an off time.  Like my first time, it was awesome.  The menu is so eclectic, with a Phillipine flavor.  Their homemade brews...tasty and refreshing...and each one compliments the food on the menu.  Canadian, French, English, Phillipine, Chicago Dogs, Kobe burgers, vegeteratian pizzas, something for everyone.  And the vanilla malts...made from the malt used in their beers.  OMG.   This is definitely a family run, work of art, place that needs to be supported.  You have won me back!
This place is a great addition to Sunny Slope. Stopped in for the first time last week with coworkers from out of town. The Beer and food was great. Had a small mistake with splitting the charges over different credit cards. The staff and owner bent over backwards to correct the mistakes. North Mountain Brewing Co is now number 2 for me in the Sunny Slope area. (Sorry but Corbins is still my favorite).
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon and the live music was a bonus!  
The Funk 49 beer was light and delicious!
The food.... YUM on absolutely EVERYTHING we ordered!!!   
Lumpia... Basically an egg roll with spicy peanut sauce.  Delicious !!!
Crab dip... Again,  yummy!!!
Loaded Mac and cheese..  OMG !!!!!
But the dessert......" Piece of cake".... SAVE ROOM!  It was fantastic!
This will become a new favorite place!
I love their spin on poutine! Decently priced, good atmosphere, good stuff!
The beer was great, almost on par with four peaks, the service was great also. It looses one star on the food. The "eggplant flatbread" was a cheese pizza with some giant slices of egg plant on it, and the oysters seemed small.  The other dishes we ordered (fish and chips, shepards pie, and bai min) where all pretty good. Id definatley go back.
This place is horrible. The service is so bad and the beer is inconsistent, at least they had some this time. The food was great but I don't know why it took over an hour to get it. Long story short I will not be returning to this place. Whoever owns this establishment should look for a new line of work.
Stopped by when I was in the area with my family because I remembered a friend mentioning the brewery. The staff was very friendly and the food was GREAT! I am a beer lover and I got to say one of the best local breweries in Phoenix.
Went to soft opening and had a blast, and couldn't wait to go back!  Went back a month or so later and took a great friend with me. The beer was VERY good (and the ONLY reason this is 3 stars) but the food was worse! Burger came back WAY over cooked and the size of a sausage patty at $14??? Told the waitress about it and she seemed to be oblivious that I wasn't happy and never brought me another burger, so the manager took care of me. Won't be going for the food, and the service was a joke. Stinks, really good beer, so maybe I will go back, but just for the beer. : P
Visited the place for the first time last night; I was with a huge group that packed the place. The staff, I'd say, handled us very well; got my drinks pronto :) 
This must be a family owned place; a few of the waitresses looked very much alike; perhaps twins? They have a board with all the current beer selections; I think it had 8-12 on it during our visit. 
The hostess at the front door was polite and directed us towards our group and I was surprised that they had a good amount of parking spaces out back too. 
They have a small stage for a band to play, one was playing when we got there (unfortunately, I couldn't hear them because our large group was a bit loud), the band was very cool about it. They played some pretty mello tunes.
They have some nice house wines too that were affordable if beer isn't your thing. They have a few other wines on the menu as well. Happy hour only included discounted drinks as far as I could tell. I didn't have any food, but the guy sitting next to me ordered THE MOST cheesy shepards pie I'd ever seen... it looked delicious, but I had already had dinner. I asked him about it and he said it's his go-to meal there. I will def. be back for dinner soon.
We went a few weeks ago. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't stellar. 

The Banh Mi I ordered was pretty bland, and the burger is overpriced. I had to order the banh mi like 3 times and point to it on the menu because the server said he didn't know what it was. Once he read the decription, he said "oh yeah - that's new but its my favorite thing on the menu." Wait, what?

We ordered a beer flight, and they don't have any of those cool trays that hold the glasses, or even printed placemats that describe each beer, yet. Maybe if they ever firm up the beer selection they will. The flight wasn't bad - but it had a couple of guest brews in substituting for their brews that they were out of.

Since this is the closest brewpub to our house, I had growlers with me. I didn't even walk out to the car to get one. I was hoping for a nice rich porter to fill them with - and they didn't have any that day.

Their saving grace was the Abita Purple Haze on tap. I like Abita beers, but out of all the beers in the flight we tried...I went with the Abita. That's not how it should work at a brewery, unless your guest beer is something like a Pliny or a Stone rarity.
We visited here on a Saturday night. Tried the beer flight and liked half of them. The hefe was especially good. Also really enjoyed the sangria. Ordered the ploughman's platter appetizer - not worth the money, except for the bacon jelly. Yum!  Husband loved the fries that came with the steak sandwich. I had the Brussels sprouts salad-awesome flavors.   Splurged and had the pazuky for dessert - unexpected textures that really worked.  The live music was an added bonus. We will be back !
Went Thursday night for a fund-raiser with a group from work. Fun place. I liked the beer. I had the 8 glass sampler; a placemat would have been nice since I had no clue what each one was; but it was fun to try them all! We had a BBQ Chicken pizza. Not bad. The service was a tad slow, but I think they are still working out the kink; however, everyone was very friendly. I especially liked the tour of the brewery, the live music and the cool seating style. I think the Patio will be nice to enjoy once the temps are cooler. I'll be back...Looks like a great place for Sunday Funday.
Went there on a Wednesday night, about happy hour time, but did have dinner.  Place was fairly busy for a Wednesday during June.  They had live music which made it kind of fun.

I am a fan of local craft beer, and this place ranks right up there with the best.  As with any small brewer, the selection can depend on what they have recently made.  Had the amber and the stout, and both were excellent.  The food is typically pub food, and is very good (the kids liked the pretzels so much, we had to order more), but had some interesting twists (the poutine, for example, which was very good).

And the service was very good.  Our waiter was busy with other tables, but was attentive to our needs.  

Overall, glad this place is around, and suggest to anyone that like local brew pubs to venture over there.
Brought another friend to share in this family run place.  She loved it as much as I do.  A great array of brews...I am partial to the lager.  She loved the fruity pomegranate brew.  We split a yummy, tangy kale salad, an order of pretzel bread, a bbq chicken flatbread and my favorite, Lumpia, a Phillipine type egg roll.  There was a band playing on stage...a group of OLD guys who really did a great Grateful Dead set...not too loud, just right.  Its a nice, comfy, family run, neighborhood place...you should try it.
Went to NMB and had to look hard for the entrance but put that aside I really enjoyed their flight of beers especially the lighter ones. Tasty! I had the crab dip, pretzels, and fish 'n chips. Hint of spice in the fish batter! Yummy! Staff friendly. Clean tables and room. I felt very comfortable and was satisfied when I left!
Walked in to North Mountain one night to watch an NBA finals game sat down in the brewery and waited for a person to help me. I waited 20 min. with no one walking up to me, kinda rude in my opinion. Must have been 3-4 people just sitting at the bar talking. Finally a waitress came up to me and said "Can I help you." I then said "Sure" Then she proceeded to ask me to move some where else because there was a wine tasting that night. WOW, I looked around the bar and there was no where to sit all the seats at the bar were taken and the tables were all filled up to . WOW WOW WOW !! One question, I know there was a party room that was empty why would you not have the tasting in the room instead of right on the floor where customers come in to eat and use as there tables. There was no body at the wine tasting, but she still managed to alienate the customers. I proceeded to get up and walk out of North Mountain Brewery. Good Job! North Mountain Brewery. You've lost a customer, and anybody else I know
North Mountain has definitely hit its stride--vibe is good, live music some nights and the food just keeps getting better.  Had the poutine  recently--it was great and the fries were crispy.  Beer continues to be great for people with all tastes and level of beer knowledge.
I had been eagerly anticipating the opening of a brewhouse in my neighborhood! I wasn't able to visit them, as my job keeps me away a lot.

Yesterday, I finally had the opportunity, and I'm so very glad I went.

Amy was a fantastic server! Friendly, attentive, efficient.

Ordered the seven flight.
Started with the IPA. Not too hoppy, which is the biggest reason I'm not a fan of IPAs. Good balance.
Brown: Nice rich flavor, no strong aftertaste
Porter: A bit more dark and bitter than I prefer, but still tasty
Belgian: Delicious, smooth, distinctly Belgian. Very much enjoyed this.
Blonde: Eh, mostly men on this one. Not bad, just not really notable. Good basic beer for non beer lovers.
Funk: has a very strong Weiss impression, like a shandy. Very refreshing, with definite citrus, and wheat impressions. Most liked beer so far!
Hefeweizen: It's a hefe. An excellent hefe, to be sure, but I'm still impressed with the funk. This would be my winter beer, while the funk is my summer

Had the crab dip. VERY creamy, nice blackened top, very rich, delicious.

Ordered the steak sandwich, with both pepperjack, and bleu cheese. MESSY. Spicy, in a great way. The roll it's served on gets a bit too soggy, but is otherwise a great sandwich roll.
Served with a metric tonne of fries!

I was given a sample of their bacon jam, and let me tell you, it's fantastic!

The live music was pleasant as well.

Candy, one of the owners, came out after my meal, and spoke to me for a bit about the business, and the challenges they faced getting approval, and also about the deplorable state of pay for cooks in Arizona.

Candy graciously discounted my bill, which will never elicit a complaint from me!
It is finally great to have a good microbrew and gastropub in north phoenix! We have been here a few times. The beer and food keep getting better. I highly recommend the belagian ale, mighty tasty. We will keep coming back.
So went back here again last night and ordered the Mac & Cheese; it was gooey with nice flavors. Many of my friends ordered food as well and all seems to enjoy their meals. I got to snack on some of my friends thin crispy fries that were yummy too. May have to make this a regular place :)
Great atmosphere & great beer but it took 45 minutes to get our food. When I walked in I was immediately impressed. Crowded restaurant on a Friday night, a great sign. There was a guitarist playing & the place was buzzing. The waitress recommended getting the beer sampler & I wasn't disappointed. The Dirty Blonde Ale & the Heffeweisen in particular were fantastic. When my friend arrived we ordered food & begin to chit chat & have a good time. After about a half hour we began to wonder where our food was. When the waitress started to avoid us we knew something was wrong. Finally after 45 minutes our food arrived.  My burger was decent but a little dry; it certainly wasn't the medium rare that I had ordered & it was definitely not worth the wait but after 45 minutes and some beer sampler I really needed some food. The waitress said they were unexpectedly busy. I may give them another chance just to see if she was right or if they've worked out their kitchen issues....& to try the beer again.
Had heard about this place from a few friends. Decided to give it a try. Overall, our experience was very good.

Started out with a couple of beers. We opted for, sorry can't remember the name, a fruit flavored summer brew. LIght, but refreshing. For dinner we split the fish and chips and an eggplant pizza. I think the fish and chips were better than the pizza, but both were good.

Overall, I was surprised at how nice the place is. Seems like this area needed a good place.
Ok, I've been here a number of times and I admit there's always room to improve on elements of service and food.  But  two things non withstanding is the service, beer, and the attempt to be good at food.   This will be my 6th visit, and I'm pleased that the servers are friendly, helpful, nice and above all enthusiastic to be at North Mountain.  I'm always thrilled that I was chosen to be a guinea pig for a potentially new item to go on the menu.  
You can't go wrong on the food, the excellent service.
Saw the hidden brewery while driving by. Decided to stop by since I support local businesses. Walked in at about 445pm to enjoy a beer and eat. Anthony the bartender, could not be a better example of "great customer service" from a bartender. As a frugal customer I can say, I did not look at any of the prices. (For some this is a good thing!). With such great service to start, everything else just added to great. I am not trying to overplay this place, but s***, good people, good beer, and good food! Yup=success! Great job, please continue to provide others the same, I would highly recommend to any beer connoisseur. Ask Anthony for a N'erotic, and a cab, you'll need it! Think it tastes grows, drink before you speak!  TCHAU TCHAU!
I've been three times now, and they have not lost steam.

Last night I enjoyed several glasses of the Lips of Faith Pluot (I had a designated driver), and I got to sample a new brew, but the name escapes me.

Our server, Nya (pronounced knee uh) was excellent, and very attendant.

We ordered the crab dip, the lumpia, and the BBQ sticks.

Nya brought some pretzel bread, and explained that the first lumpia order had been burned, so this should tide us over. It was very nice, and the honey butter was delicious!

The BBQ sticks were amazing; tender, flavorful, delicious!
The lumpia was also great, but the sauce it's served with was fantastic!

This is definitely a great establishment, and Candy is a wonderful person, unafraid to come out and speak with her customers.

I will absolutely be returning.
Nice to have a new brewery in the neighborhood. I will give them a break, they have not been open long. The food was average to good. Staff seemed a bit disorganized, service was average. i will go back, wanna see if they iron out some of the mdeocrity. This place has great potential and I hope it helps to revitalize the neighborhood around it.
The micro brew beers are fantastic, but the food is surprisingly amazing as well. Many spots that make their own beer focus primarily on a great brew, but these guys could stand alone on the food. The chicken sandwich is "out of this world" delicious. It is lightly breaded with a thin coat of some wonderful spread called bacon jam. The name sounds funny but that stuff is the perfect compliment to the chicken. It is impressive to discover a restaurant that can produce food and drink in the same manner that Chopin produced music.

The arrangement of the tables could use an overhaul. Group seating and 6 tops are not the way that most patrons want to dine.

The food quality does over shadow the funny seating configuration. Tables can be changed.
Wow.  I mean, the beer is amazing, but I'm still swooning over the brussel sprouts.  Holy crap.  This place has a phenomenal kitchen.  The staff here is amazing as well.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  Seriously.  Do it.  Oh my god.  The brussel sprouts.
Cool, new brewery in North Phoenix.  Pretty simple decor, lively atmosphere with live music, pretty good brew and friendly bartenders.  Nice addition to the neighborhood!
Wow!  Crazy good and strong beers!  Delightful foods as well.  Staff was friendly, fairly attentive, and helpful in making our choices on the beer.  I usually drink IPA's, but they have some strong beers at this place!  

Kind of hard to identify the place off the street, all the parking is in the back.  The staff responded a little slow but otherwise a fine establishment to grab an excellent craft beer and relax for awhile.  Definitely looking forward to visiting again on the next trip to the area.
Took my mother, and my daughters to dinner @NMTBrew tonight.

Once again had the lovely Nya as our server.

Had an order of Lumpia, which my mother, and my daughters enjoyed very much, including the peanut sauce.

I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. The mashed potato topping was delicious, and the carrots were perfectly tender. The meat was well seasoned, and very tender, and delicious. The portion size appeared to be on the smallish side, however, once I dug in, it became clear this would be a perfect amount of food.

My oldest daughter had the "Poppin' Chicken", chicken tenders, with a lovely light breading. The meat was tender, and not the least bit dry, which is very typical in fried chicken tenders.

My younger daughter had the "Cheesy Surprise", a sinfully cheesy macaroni dish.

My mother had the Grilled Sausage Platter. She claimed it was delicious, but I was not privileged enough to have sampled. :'(

My daughters each received a scoop of ice cream, for having completed the riddles on their menu. (And because they're adorable)

The musical talents of LuAnn and friends were a very pleasant addition to the evening, and the weather was gorgeous enough to sit on the patio. (My first patio experience)

I will be back, again, and again, and again....

P.S. I also refilled two growlers tonight; one Hoodoo Hefe, which I've not yet tried, and one Kaiserlich Dunkleweiss, which I thoroughly enjoyed the last time.
I went back to @NMTBrew tonight, because it's really that amazing.

Amy was our server. She quickly informed us that the guest brew, the Pumpkin Porter, was out, and that they had just that hour tapped the Mountain Stout.

I sampled it, as well as their Mild Child, a "succulent blonde".

The blonde was nice, but it's beginner beer.

The Stout, however, definitely for refined palettes.

Just had some crab dip for dinner.

Was very pleasantly surprised to have a visit from owner/brewmaster Rob, who came to discuss the Stout.

We discussed many different things, and I congratulated him on he, and Candy's success with their venture.

Sitting on the patio was initially a bit warm, but by the time we left, it was a nice night.

Can't get enough of this place!
Gave this spot a second chance after visiting right after their grand opening.  Sat at the bar and found it was dirty, very average food and the waitress acted like she was doing us a huge favor.  Try harder people!  We need better restaurants in north Phoenix.  Lots of opportunities to improve.
Just found out that NMB changed the formula for the Dirty Blonde and the name as well! So sad. Still, the Kaiserlich Dunkle Weiss, Cardin Ale Red, and Mild Child are thoroughly enjoyable. 

And of course, the food is always good. I still love the grilled cheese and am always happy with the appetizers- especially the crab dip.

An Oktoberfest beer is coming- a perfect alternative to the pumpkin mania taking over. ;)
I like almost everything about NMBC.  I have been in maybe a couple dozen times, and have tasted just about every brew so far.  Many varieties are a little hoppy for my taste, but I really have enjoyed the hefes, the N'erotic Belgian, and others.  The food is also very good, with the grilled cheese, brussel-sprout salad, burgers and crab dip being my favorites.  As for the service, each time I have been there it has been excellent, with a friendly staff whether sitting at bar or table.  A fun and casual atmosphere, and a great addition to the Sunnyslope area, is NMBC.

I said I like almost everything:  I really liked sitting at the bar a lot more before the TVs were installed.  Now there is no place to sit without that distraction except the patio, and it's not quite cool enough during the day yet.  Do you really need that many TVs in one room?   Also, it's great to have live music, but the lack of a sound system is a major drag.  Finally, I appreciate the notifications about the radio broadcasts - so I can plan my visits to avoid them. 

I really like the brews, the food and the service, and I've met a number of nice folks at the bar.  The "entertainment" I can do without.  I will continue to enjoy the beers and the food - just have to come in earlier in the day.
Awesome little place with good microbrews and really good food.  I had the steak sandwich the first time and it was like a Philly cheesesteak sandwich.  They use blue cheese on the sandwich which tasted really good.  The 2nd time I had the Poutine which is a very unique dish.  I guess it is a Canadian dish but I never had it before.  It was really good and it only cost $12.  It is french fries topped with short rib, cheese curds, and gravy.  It is a really hearty dish and you get a lot for the money.  I really think they could charge a lot more for this dish.  The short ribs melt in your mouth!  They had some live acoustic music on Friday which was nice and they played some good classic rock songs.  This won't be the last time I go here, I really like this place.
Good service and food. The food is high-end for a brew pub, definitely not the same frozen stuff you find everywhere. That makes the prices a little high, but not crazy.
This place is delicious and fun. I had a Kaiserlich: Dunkle Weiss. Brewed right here and full of complex delicious flavors. 

Also enjoyed their wings. Spicy and big. I should have asked for ranch not a fan of blue cheese, but the wings were great.

Service was on. Always there and great suggestions. The place is all dressed up for the month in proper Oktobest style.
Wonderful wings, loved the Shepherd's Pie and Fish and Chips ($12.00). The IPA and Red Ale was very good. I love the atmosphere and live music, not another junky sports bar. Parking is safe and plentiful around back, definitely a real add to North Phoenix Area. The place keeps getting better and open Mic on Tuesdays. Beautiful patio, a little street noise, love the open garage style doors to let in the great fall weather. Well worth a visit.
Great place with awesome food and beer. The staff is friendly and really knowledgable.. Such a great find!
A little pricey.

I got this one dish wish is canadian. I forget its name, but it was fries with sauce and cheese melted all up on it. (in short) with some other fixings too.

It was good, a little pricey (like i said earlier). The beers though...i know that is what we all care about. They are pretty good. It is nice to have a brewery in this location, and they are doing well. 

I definitely would recommend getting their flight to try out the beers. figure out which you like the best. Their darker beers are good. from the browns to the porters. 

Wasnt a big fan of their pilsner and other light beers.
Good food, good beer, be patient ,be prepared to wait, good live music makes the wait tolerable.
I drove out of my way to try this place. I had a sampler of all of their beers and I enjoyed the IPA and red ale, but overall was not thoroughly impressed by the beers. I love stouts and didn't care much for theirs. I was surprised that their blonde ale was decent since I don't usually care for lighter ales, but it had a coffee taste to it somehow.

The food was much better. I tried the cheese and meat plate which was very good. The lumpia was ok but the peanut sauce that came with it was to die for. Then I had the brussel sprouts as well as the cauliflower. Let me tell you. I love cauliflower and theirs was pretty good. I have not had brussel sprouts since I was about 8 and didn't much care for them then, but it was the description and the fact that they were on the menu that was intriguing, plus the fact that my server highly suggested them. They were soooooo amazing!!! I'm not even a huge veggie lover but I cannot convey to you how delicious these brussel sprouts were. Get them! I will go all the way back just for those, and probably have the IPA.
Atmosphere is great, food is wonderful and the variety of beers is good. One of the best parts of North Mountain Brewing Co.is service. All the servers are great. They are very friendly, courteous and make eating there a great time. My fiancé and I have eaten there many times and we think of North Mountain Brewing Co. as our place, thanks to the way we are always treated when we go there. For good food and just a great time out, North Mountain Brewing Co. is the place to go.
This is my 3rd time here. The first visit was on a Sunday afternoon.  The brews were delish and the food was nothing special (ploughmans platter and sampler).  The second visit was after work on a Friday and the service, food (north mountain burger), and beer (Belgian) were great. 5 stars for that night. Tonight, however is a completely different story. My brother in law chose North Mtn for his birthday dinner destination, as he normally has a good experience here. We waited NINETY MINUTES (plus!) for our food. My 'Caesar' salad was literally a plate of lettuce. No croutons (the menu description had croutons listed as an ingredient),  and no Parmesan Romano blend cheese, just a plate of limp romaine with a breast of grilled chicken. We dined with a party of 12, and everyone's entree came out 10 mins apart. When bringing this to the manager's attention, she replied "I'll be right back" and never came back to check that these problems had been corrected. We asked the waiter for some bread (at this point it was 8 pm and out entire group was extremely hungry), and he brought out fried pieces of pita. No butter. No bread. Not even a soft pretzel ( one of the menu items).  All of our water glasses were empty as well. What a waste of time and money! Still waiting for the check too!  We asked for it THIRTY mins ago...
Here I go again, reviewing a brewery when I don't drink beer.  But for the grub, a solid 3 stars.  Or a weak 4 if you're the glass is always half full type. 

I enjoyed my first visit, mostly because of some great company.  We shared appetizers.  Up first...pretzel bread.  How can you go wrong with that?  By not making cheese sauce a standard accompaniment.  You can add for a buck, so we made it clear we wanted a lot of it.  A vat of it, the more the better.  We received a thimbleful of cheese, for three women who love cheese.  That would be like serving us a shot of wine.  We also had the mussels and poutine.  The mussels were yummy and bathed in a white wine butter sauce.  Wine and butter together.  Who could ask for more?  The poutine was good, but needed more short rib and more cheese curds.  Now we're back on the cheese thing.  We finished with the North Mountain malt and a piece of cake.  Loved them both.  Would order either again.  Maybe because they don't require cheese.

First impression didn't make me a huge fan, but I would go back if in the area again.  They have a great menu!
A gastro pub is still a pub, sandwiches, pizza and fired food. Maybe there is a bit of flair to make it "gastro" however the end result is the same.

Come for the brewing part and order food when you get hungry. The Fish and chips were decent but nothing to come here for. The Thai pizza had a odd sweet sauce but the hot spices redeemed it.

As for the beer my porter was quite good.
This was one of the few breweries we had not yet gone to in the Phoenix metro area. The interior was decent, although I didn't need to see the entire kitchen area, which was directly behind the bar. Otherwise, the decor was cute, and I liked that there was outdoor seating for those sunny days. As far as the beer, we were not impressed. It isn't bad, but nothing stood out and had that rich or unique flavor we're used to from all of the other places across the valley. If you're an IPA fan, I suggest looking elsewhere. A flight of all 8 beers cost $14, a bit steep in my opinion. Overall, an okay place to stop if you're in the area, but not really worth going out of your way for.
This is waaaay out of the way compared to all the other cool Central Phoenix hotspots, but well worth it. Having finally decided to visit what is comparatively middle-of-nowhere, I have no regrets! Upon entering, the lavish Christmas decorations caught me off guard, and it was so fancy I thought I might be a bit too casual. 

I took a few steps forward, and realized this place is casual...and rad! With the benches in the dining area, the stacks of crates in an open kitchen, and the unpolished, paper menus, this place was reminiscent of a high school cafeteria. That is, If my high school served beer. 

The brews were clearly unique. Brown IPA? Strong, bitter blonde ale? In the age of craft beer that tries to make a name for itself, North Mountain is attempting to corner each and every niche ignored by big names like San Tan and Four Peaks. Will it work? Only time will tell. 

The menu is pretty eclectic, but I tried a miniature pizza because I'm not as adventurous with food as I am with alcohol. Did not disappoint. All of my beers kicked my ass, especially the Belgian Trippel, which save for a haunting, slightly sour note, tasted very authentic (Trust me, I've been to Belgium). 

So in the end, North Mountain seeks to do everything that no one else will, and for very good prices. Service was excellent, and it was a pleasure meeting the owner as well as his niece who served us. I wish nothing but success for this up-and-coming business. If they can start looking as professional as other breweries, and offer more than a handful of beers at a time, they'll totally get my elusive fifth star!
My visit to North Mountain Brewing Co. was good - A-OK is the perfect description.

Our group of 3 enjoyed sharing a variety of items in between the marathon of talking and laughing:

Pretzel Bread - In my world, all pretzel bread needs to be served with cheese.  As much cheese as possible.  I get it, not everyone loves cheese as much as I do, but to charge an additional $1 for the smallest ramekin of cheese ever is kind of disappointing.  

Poutine - My first time ever having poutine, so I don't have a basis of comparison.  It did seem to have way more gravy than short rib meat and cheese.  More cheese, please!!

Mussels - Favorite thing we tried - a nice portion, with sourdough bread to dip in the savory white wine butter sauce.

Piece of Cake - Cute little dessert, topped with vanilla bean ice cream.

North Mountain Malt - I could have happily taken this all for myself, but was practicing my 'polite' skills.

I would definitely go back, but would smuggle in my own cheese (ssssshhh!!). :)
Love this place! They have good beer especially the Nerotic belgian and the bearded dragon IPA. $5 taco special is the bomb!. Fish and chips are done just right! Jessica is an awesome bartender and can pour a beer like no other! Even though its in Sunnyslope its awesome and has a cool little patio!
One of my favorite spots in Central Phoenix! They have an ever-changing beer menu and with each change, the beer is getting better and more interesting! I came in for a good local beer and was surprised by the food choices and the quality of the food. This brewery has hit the mark for overall places to visit; great beer, food, and atmosphere! I will be back, and have been back several times.
I've been there only twice so haven't tried all that much yet but, can definitely suggest giving this place a go. The atmosphere is nice, the patrons all had smiles on their faces and the drinks and eats that I have had were very good. I especially like the Nerotic Belgian as I am a huge Belgian fan. The Bearded Dragon IPA is pretty good too. They also let me take a taster of the Raspberry Chilli Porter which I have to say is very very different than anything I've ever had and isn't my thing but, was absolutely crafted for those that want something a little different than the norm. As for the staff, everyone of them that I have spoken with thus far has been a beer fan and really dig what they are representing. Would I recommend it to a friend absolutely and even strangers :-)
Great experience! It's open and inviting, and the staff was very friendly. The poutin was very good and way more food than one person can eat (in my opinion). The piece if cake was AMAZING! We also got to try the malt- again really, really good. Desserts are an afterthought at some restaurants, but not here. Beer was more of a 3.5 stars, but it was satisfying. I would say only downside is no full bar and no other beers besides theirs.
Meat pizza was very good.  Not a single one of their regular offering beers is above average yet.  Their pazookie ("spent grain cookie") is delicious, but for $8 should be much bigger.  It's about a third of the size of Oregano's pazookie.  Can't wait for the beer to catch up to the food quality.  I've been their twice, and both times the server was refreshingly honest about which beers they thought were subpar.
The beer selection is good.  Service was great. Steak sandwich-terrible. And per waitresses recommendation it was better than the burger. Soooo, not sure what the burger would taste like. The crab dip was pretty good, real blue cheesy, no taste of crab though.
Beers r just okay for a micro brewery and prices r on high side.  Service was good and friendly staff.  Great potential but just not there yet.
The Beers are excellent!  The food and service was good.  The neighborhood looked a bit sketchy but the parking lot and pub was nice.  All around very good
This is more of a 3.5 for me at this point, but could bump it up in the future. I've been coming here on Tuesday nights which is open mic night. The service is friendly and there are a surprising number of people there for a Tuesday night. Kind of an older crowd. Most of the bands play classic rock, which I can get into. So the open mic night is fun and adds to the atmosphere so that is more of the 4-star-I'm-a-fan category, and I'd like to see what the place is like on the weekend too, so I'll be back. And it's a unique bar and hangout for the neighborhood so it gets points there.

The beer and food is more in the 3-star-A-OK category. I've tried a few different beers and all were pretty good but nothing to write home about. Their beers can't compete with the other more established local breweries like Four Peaks or San Tan, at least not yet. North Mountain seems to rotate out their beers so I could see them eventually brewing up a beer that become their signature just like Kiltlifter is for Four Peaks. 

I only got food this last time I was there. I had a grilled chicken sandwich. As my friends even pointed out, the chicken breast on my sandwich was quite small. The chipotle mayo didn't have much of a kick, and I could have done without the bacon jam. I had overlooked the jam when I ordered the sandwich so next time I'll know to ask them to hold that, but I don't really get that condiment when you already have chipotle mayo. And if you want bacon, then you can just order actual bacon and not bacon in jam form, amirght? All that aside it really wasn't a bad grilled chix, and I will add that my friend liked her french onion soup very much.
I have only been here on my own, so I sit at the bar. I have always, always found excellent conversation with who ever else was also there. (They have always touted the virtues of NMB.) I also always get some variation of the flight. Sometimes I order food, but usually I do not. The atmosphere is excellent and casual. There is a small patio on the street. The owner(s) are actively involved--at least one is always around.
We love it here! This was our second visit! The staff is friendly and the food and suds are super. We discovered North Mountain Brewing Company when the owner/brew master presented a Science and History of Beer for AZ SciFest. Personable service, great food, and terrific beer! They are family friendly. Patrons include couples, groups, families, sports fans (multiple big screens), retirees, college age, and everything in between!
Great spot for good beer, excellent service, friendly people, and fun music! The food looks delicious and amazingly fresh, I'm definitely going back to try a few entrees. Just dim the lights a smidgen and we're golden! :) It's great to see Sunnyslope resurrected!!
My review is what it is. 

The beer itself can carry the establishment. All of the styles were one point. 

The food...Eh. My feeling is they should scale the menu down too the items that they do best. The crab dip that we ordered tonight had very little crab in it and had pita strips that barely were able to pick up the dip. They did eventually bring bigger, wider strips, but our feeing was that it should have been part of their QC process. 

I then ordered the shepherds pie. It wasn't cold, but it wasn't exactly warm either. I could have made this in my own kitchen. Any colder and I would have sent it back, but I had waited nearly a half an hour for t and was hungry. 

Erica was our waitress and helped us anyway that she could. Unfortunately, this place is not the total package. While the beers are spot on, the food not so much. North Mountain Brewing Co. would have been better off opening just a tap room, rather than  full scale brew pub. 

The Red is smooth, the blonde is great, but it eventually needs to lead to somewhere and it didn't for me tonight.
Ok...so my brother decides this might be a good place to grab a couple of beers to start of a 3 man bachelor party. It's a Friday and we decide to meet up around 6:30 after work. We walk in and I go to the bar to get some starter beers. The bartender is very friendly and helps me select a nice IPA that wasn't bad at all. 7.2% with a nice floral hop. 

So we get to the porch and we're enjoying our first drinks. I'm getting involved in the Crimea/Ukraine/Putin conversation when at the height of a poignant gesture the chair gives way and I flip backwards. I knocked my head against the chair and my butt hit the ground...overall not that bad but I'm a little dazed. The waitress takes the chair and gets me a new one. My brother orders some food and two more beers for the table.

One of the really nice waiters mentions it's happened before and they should replace the seats....YES, YOU SHOULD! is the phrase echoing in my mind.

I hunt down the owner of the place...by this time the place is getting kind of packed, but I was angry. I found her and she says, "Sorry about that, here's my card"...

Whatever...aside from the owners not caring AT ALL about people's safety (let alone making good on their negligence) it's not a bad place. I wrote down my number...maybe they'll make good...or not, I don't care at this point. 

Money wasted.
Another brewery stop on my own personal "baseball & brews" tour. Definitely worth the drive (we got a little lost!). The beers were really good; naturally, I did a flight. Lights were better than dark, surprising choice for me. My favorite is C.R.E.E.M. ale.
It was good of the owner to comment on my post. They mentioned we stayed for another hour....yes waiting for our next beer and an order of putine for my brother. I did have to hunt the manager/owner(?) down. She did not find me. I understand they were slammed. We were polite and tried to have a good time anyway. The beer and putine were eventually served after I actually went BACK to the owner and complained after a LONG wait (during which our beers weren't served to us). I don't hold any ill will against the establishment, but I won't be returning. I WILL also tell of my experience.
Love this place! The food is fantastic and they use products that are local. The beer... the beer is awesome! I find any excuse I can to come here and you should too!
This was one of six breweries I visited on a recent trip to Arizona, and it was an overall pleasant experience. I got a flight of 8 beers (bonus points for large pours) and was able to try the Hoy IPA, Spiral Man stout, James Brown Ale, PT 42 red, Hefe Endings, the Creem Ale, and the Soiled Dove Dirty Blonde. 

Overall I enjoyed most of the selection. 

The servers seemed a little annoyed with each other and seemed slightly passive aggressive with their conversations; maybe have those talks in the back away from the customers.
My boyfriend and I came here over the weekend while we were in town for Spring Training. 

We arrived around 8 pm and it was about 40% full on a Thursday night. They had a cover band playing at a reasonable volume but there is no ambiance music playing when the band takes a break so it does get a little eerily quiet.

 It's "family style" seating. So you could be sharing your large table with others. They do have a bar top which you can sit at, and a patio with heaters.

Our server seemed a little lost or new and would disappear at times. We asked for samples of a few of their beers and she gave us the wrong ones. We decided to get the Soiled Dove Dirty Blonde Ale and another one I can't remember. Both were just ok.

Appetizer - we ordered the Lumpia which are little "spring rolls" with pork, veggies and a really good peanut sauce. I believe 8 came with the order. $7

Main Course - North Mountain Burger w/ fries $14  and Fish and Chips $12. The  Fish and Chips didn't taste like they had been sitting in a freezer forever. The tarter sauce wasn't your normal tarter sauce but it was delicious - hints of mustard in it. The food came out quickly and hot. Nothing to rave about but it was good.

I would come here again if it was on my way to my destination or near me, definitely wouldn't seek this place out as my first choice.
Excellent! We groaned with delight over every dish. The crab dip, mussels, mac and cheese and sausage platter were yummy. We also had the hefe, dog bollacks?, red ale and caber toss. All excellent beers. I do some home brewing, so after I asked, they gave us a free brewery tour. Very interesting. The food is much better than any east side brewery I have been too.
Good beer. Nice atmosphere. Good service. We are visiting from out of town and specifically sought out a brewery. We are beer lovers and this place delivered some good ones.
I had the creem. Simple. Lighter ale. Great beer for drinking in the Arizona sun out on their patio. 
My boyfriend had the Hoy ipa. It was a very aromatic beer with a strong hoppy flavor. 
Overall we liked the place. The patio was small but functional. Their menu looked good but was a little pricey. Our one criticism was that it was hard to tell if they were open. The need an open sign street side and their Parking is out back which took some hunting to find.
This establishment has the framework to be an AWESOME destination eatery/pub

What is needed: (just my little opinion)

1) Play up your selection of micro brews, take a tip from the micro beer pubs in San Diego. Have "beer menus" at each table and all over the place,.. write narratives on each brew, describe its flavor nuances, food pairings etc. And for the love of,... jump on the IPA train! Maybe you usually offer an IPA but not available when I stopped in, if you do,.. I suggest you make a BIG deal about it. (this is a deep pool, know whats out there before jumping in)

2) Have a "Service System",.. your wait staff seems distracted, inattentive, uninformed about what they offer, and generally confused. (as in not knowing what to do next) 
Again, borrowing from other successful operations devise a "system" that is centered around what the customer experience is from the time they walk through the door until they wave goodbye. Train your staff to follow the system for each customer. I really believe you can close your gaps in service this way. This is not an easy thing to do but I believe it is critical to the business.

Reviews that are wishy washy and offer no help are useless to me (as a consumer) I hope you feel the same as an operator. That said,.. my review for the masses is below:

Good food, Good Ambiance, sketchy service and Great beer. You should go, support the effort here and be on the team to build this good place into a great place.
I went here with a large group for the hike and brew UYE. The service was really good for having such a large party (around 20 people). They have a large selection of house brewed beers. I tried the hef and it was very tasty. The husband had the cream and enjoyed it very much, it was kind of sweet for a cream and very tasty. We shared the poutine and it was alright, it consisted of thick cut fries (unlike the fries they serve with sandwiches which are thin), cheese curds, gravy, and short rib. The short rib was good and fairly plentiful, it was cooked to the point where it was falling apart... very nice. The overall flavor of the poutine was good, but not the best I had ever had. Despite this, I would get it again. Additionally, it was only 12$ and was plenty of food for 2 people.  I would certainly come here for the beer again in the future. 

PS they had amazing sounding desserts.... def want to try that.
Last night was my first visit to North Mountain Brewery in phoenix. It was well worth a trip from the west valley. I usually try my best to seek out craft breweries, but most times I will settle for a descent pub here and there. Ok, first thing is first, the parking lot is located in the BACK of the brewery. I saw the front patio from Dunlap, but still had to search for the parking lot lol. 

The atmosphere first walking in was a neighborhood bar type of mood, so that's always really welcoming. Pretty good size bar with all the brews right there on tap, and behind the bar is the brewery for you too easily see and watch some new brews being created. I had two pints and chowed down on something on the menu called the loaded macaroni and cheese. The first beer was the PT42 Red Ale, I thought it tasted great. Beer number two was the Hoy!, I.P.A., always and I.P.A. everybody, if you are going to head to any brewery you gotta at least try their I.P.A. It is freakin' awesome!!! Really good and hoppy, which means full of flavor to the very last gulp.

Ok my areas I of concern was first the easy to miss parking lot, and maybe an open for business could help a little too. The door to the bar had it's hours printed on a sheet of paper and scotch taped to the window. If you choose to sit at the bar be prepared for ALOT of kitchen noise, space is somewhat limited so you will hear and see every single kitchen noise and food creation because there is no wall dividing the two. Still it's a loacl brew so gotta give credit where credit is due.
Met up with some fellow friends for a Hike and Brew, I sadly did not make the hike but was able to join in for the brew, the place picked was North Mountain Brewing Co.  
We were a pretty big group, maybe 15 to 20, and we had 2 servers one on each side of the table and they were pretty good at making sure we had what we needed. The kitchen area is opened and I could see that there were 2 guys working it. The vibe of the place is great, opened ceiling, wooden tables, and opened kitchen, rustic and industrial. I enjoyed it.

I 1st ordered a 7 flight of beer, thought it would be the best way to figure out what I like and don't like, I can say I enjoyed PT 42, the oatmeal stout, hefe & esb and my favorite was creem .

After checking out the menu I went with the North Mtn Burger, but I had already seen a burger come out and saw that the fries are shoe string fries (those are not real fries)  so I asked if I could replace the fires with something else and that's what I did.  The burger was a Kobe beef style, had butter lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, white cheddar cheese, mustard and spicy aioli sauce. Over all the burger was good, I was a craving a beefy cheeseburger, but sadly this was not it, the cheese had been charbroiled onto the burger could only tell cheese was there by the crispy burnt corners of it. The spicy aioli sauce was great and went well with everything.  

Instead of the fries I got a side of their brussel sprouts, they were roasted brussel sprouts with fresno peppers, red onions and cotijia cheese. I really enjoyed these, the peppers were fresh and had a spicy little touch to them, it went perfect with the roasted flavor of the brussel sprouts enjoyed this dish much more than I would have with the shoe string fries. 

It was a good time with friends and exploring the many flavors of beer!
I had a great time tonight with friends!  First time at North Mountain Brewing Co.  Good service, good food and good live music. Not sure who the musican was but amazing flute playing (think jethro tull)! Only reason it's not getting 5 stars is it's a bit loud when you have a large group talking together and the waitress started out letting us know the beer specials were on some wall when you enter the building rather than just telling us or giving a specialty menu. Kinda strange but you easily get past it with their good service and food. Btw had the heffiweisen beer. Yum.
Went here with a group after hiking Shaw Butte.  With all the different beers and foods we tried and shared most all were hits.  The portions were ample.  Service was mostly good.  Our group was large enough to put a strain on the kitchen so it took a while for our food.  The room had a good feel to it.  There is a nice patio but we all decided it was too hot to sit out there in the sun.  There are umbrellas but there is always somebody left out in the sun.
Went here on a Saturday evening at approx. 8:30 pm for a brew and some food.  It was not busy - in fact there was an abundance of seats available on the inside.  We sat outside, ordered a beer and our food.  The beer was good and delivered promptly.  We order a burger and pizza and proceeded to wait for over 45 minutes for our food. The server did come back several times to tell us there were several large orders in front of us.  There were barely 30 people total on the inside and there were 3 cooks working the kitchen.  We were just getting ready to ask for our check for the beers and leave when she brought the food out.  The only thing that saved the evening was the food was good and the server was very friendly and apologetic about the long wait.  Not sure I would go back here for food, but the beer was (Hefe) was good.
Found this place via yelp, was in the area at John C Lincoln Hospital. Staff is very friendly, atmosphere is somewhat German in that there are long tables next to each other so strangers get to mix if wanted. Walls also have TV's all across with Sports on them. Got a Flight of 6 beers, I'm not an IPA fan and don't like Hoppy beers, so I wont comment on them, there was a CREME that was very tasty. We had the sausage plate and ham and cheese (it had bacon in it). Food was good and priced right, if Im in the area I will see them again.
We have been living around the corner from this place for months and just found it!!  We have been missing out!  Almost walking distance from our place, great food, great beer, very good service!!  Can't ask for more, they have a new customer for life on us!
Without having the food I can't comment fully. But the beer is nice. The styles are true to form and decent representations at that. The red ale is quite impressive, has a nice hoppy punch for being a red. The ipa is solid and a nice west coast style. The brown had a good malty tone with some coffee flavor either added or from the toasted malts. The serendipitous Belgian dark was fun, nice and sweet with a good Belgian yeast flavor. All in all pretty impressed with the quality of the beer, they certainly know how to brew and add a little flair to the styles that they make.
Good IPA, Tues nite music was cool, and food was good!
I am not a beer drinker but went there last night with husband and friend. Hubby and friend liked the beer. Hubby had the James Brown brew. Food not so good. I had the fish and chips. I would not recommend. But service was fantastic!
Let me first say I wish I could award 3.5 stars.

NMBco has a lot going for it.

1) The neighborhood - There isn't a ton of competition in this area of town and it is awesome to have a micro brewery this close to where I love.
2) Good quality beer
3) Live music
4) Very nice wait staff
5) The place is bright and clean

It is lacking in a couple areas though...

1) While the quality of the beer is good, I just didn't get the flavor complexity I wanted.  Don't get me wrong I enjoyed the beer, but is NMBco is going to compete with the other local heavy hitters on taste, they will need tweak their beers just a little.
2) I didn't try a lot of food but the food wasn't terribly great even by pub standards.  Make a good burger, make good fish and chips, and have a really solid pretzel...


If you have to go out with friends and don't feel like going to Sun Up, Four Peaks, Papago, etc.. this is a solid alternative.  Me?  I will just go buy some good bottle and hang out on my porch with friends, did I mention that Sprout's carries Dogfish Head bears now?  That's an IPA i can get behind!
Loved this place!!!!!!!!
Saw that their was a brewery not to far from my house so I had to go check it out. It's a small location, but a great find.
They have beers that they are constantly brewing on site and switching out the menu constantly. I ended up talking to the bartender or a good amount of time and he invited us to the back where one of the brewers gave us a private tour and breakdown on how the beers are brewed, step by step. 
If you're a beer enthusiast, like myself, I would suggest checking out the beer flights to get a little taste of everything. One of my personal favorite was the James Brown Ale?i think that was the name. 
I really want to come back when they have live music.
It was a great experience and I can't wait to go back!
Excellent ales.  I really like that they almost always have at least 1-2 new things on tap every time we go.  On our last visit, we got stuck on the C.R.E.E.M. and the Caber Toss Scottish Dark.  Both are extremely tasty (assuming you like those styles).

The food is definitely above par for a pub.  The lumpia and the brussel sprouts are fantastic!
Been going to NMTBrew since they opened. Rob & Candy are awesome. Love this place!!!
Great beers, great food, and great service!
I am very disappointed in myself for not reviewing this sooner. So forgive me and I will try to do my best to tell you everything I have tried if not the whole menu. ^_^

From most favorite to least I will make a list of everything starting with Favorite first and with a short description on why I like it.
-Poutine: So full of cheesy goodness and meat and fries?!  such an amazing combo and the cheese is melted so perfectly it makes me drool thinking about it.
-Mussels:I was a bit hesitant when my boyfriend ordered this because the mussels I am used to looking at are much bigger in size.  These were little guys that reminded me of clams but in a butter sauce and with a side of sliced toasted bread which is delicious.
Ahi-I love raw fish more than a lot of things, if I could eat sashimi every day I think id be in heaven. But this was much different, more of like a poki ahi salad stacked nicely with a great tasting sauce.
Crab Dip-amazing as well, I love cheese and dips together. So delicious. Just try it!
-Deep fried banana split- no need for a description its just good!
-piece of cake- also good no comment needed!
-Spent Grain cookie- different not my favorite but good also
-Grilled sausage platter- too much potatoes for my personal taste but the sausages with the potatoes were good together.
-North mountain malt-was like a shake, pretty good!
-Pizza- this one was kind of our fault,  my boyfriend and I like to watch diners drive ins and dives and shows similar.  We watched andrew zimmern in MN add a over easy egg to a pizza when it was almost done cooking so it could ooze over the pizza.  Sounds delicious.  No one out here understands how to do that here at all when we try to explain it.  So what we got was like a breakfast scrambled egg pizza with lettuce on it since we ordered the Cesar. Gross.
I'm not sure why I haven't been back here in so long but I am definitely going to try and come more often.  It was nice to see that business is still booming and they seem to have found their niche.  I love that although it looks like a bar inside it has so much more to offer than your traditional, deep fried bar food.  We started with our favorite, the lumpia Philippine spring rolls and then decided on a yummy wedge salad.  We landed up splitting a bowl of amazing roasted brussel sprouts mixed with cojita cheese.  But they know what they do best and that is brew beer.  The service has gone from weak to wonderful.  I'm glad to see they are going to be around for awhile.
Tuesday was open-mic night; actually good music and made atmosphere just right. Beers are really good. Liked the CREEM and Serendipitous the best.
Well I was super excited to see a cute beer joint in this neighborhood and couldn't believe it had already been here for over a year! Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to love everything, it wasn't awesome. They had 10 beers listed, but were sold out of 2 (as luck would have it, the 2 my husband wanted to try). We got the 8-beer sampler to try the rest. The dark Belgian was good, but everything else had a super strong coffee/smoke flavor. None of our party of 4 was crazy about them. 
The space is cute enough, and huge, and the patio looked nice. Service was friendly and helpful, if not especially quick. 
The unexpected bright spot was the salad menu...I had a good kale salad and my mom had the spicy Brussels sprout one. 
Glad I tried it, and I may be back in the name of supporting local business.
I have been going to North Mountain for over a year now! I have found Heroes 19 there (the beer to honor the Yarnell Firefighters), and tons of other delicious beers. Current favorite is the Serendipitous! I do wish they would bring back the Bearded Dragon and the Imaginary IPA.

The bartenders and servers have never been anything but the friendliest, and even if I go by myself I always find myself caught up in a nice conversation. 

Oh yeah, they have some of the best wings I have ever had! Without hyperbole!

I wish them nothing but the best!
Only giving a 4 because the service was friendly and the soup was excellent. The beers arent very good. Standard, run-of-the-mill beers from a small brewpub. Hef, esb, porter, ipa, yawn, etc. Nothing stood out. Nothing was off or skunky in any way...I just look for a place that pushes the envelope and these beers just dont do that. Also they were out of 4 beers and no longer serve oysters...which was the reason I came here aside from tryin local brews
Great local craft brewery with surprisingly good food. We came here with a large group to watch a world cup match. Our server bent over backwards to make sure we had a great experience, which we did. Beer was great. Caber Toss Scottish was my favorite. Followed by the C.R.E.E.M ale. Food-wise, the shepherd's pie was delicious. Had the poutine, too, but would opt for the shepherd's pie over that when we come again. Great neighborhood bar.
I've been to this brewery a few times now since I have moved to the neighborhood. We've tried a number of items from the menu and everything has been (mostly) delicious.

The pretzel bread, with the honey butter, mustard and cheese is a super tasty appetizer. I just wish it came with four pretzels instead of three.

The poutine - so delicious! The short ribs just fall apart, the cheesy, gravy amazingness is just...so, so good. If you're a first timer, I highly recommend the poutine.

The meat pizza, meh. It was okay, nothing to write home about, although we got the pizza in the same visit as the poutine, so it didn't really stand a chance.

We also ordered a beer sampler in our first visit to get an idea of what we liked and we didn't. The glasses for the sampler are HUGE, we shared them amongst a few people and we were all able to get a few sips. I personally enjoy the C.R.E.E.M. beer, nice and light.

The nice thing about this place is the live entertainment. Every time we've been there was a group playing, and the music was enjoyable but not overpowering. 

They have indoor and outdoor seating, inside they also have some large communal style tables to sit at, which can be sort of fun.

I think this will definitely be our go to happy hour joint in the neighborhood.
Stopped in with a group to sample the beers that were on tap.  All of the beers were good and the one that stood out most was the cosmik IPA.  We also enjoyed amazing pretzels with mustard and whip cream. Great place for a craft beer and some grub!
Well it took me over a year to finally try out North Mountain. I don't know what took me so long but I'm glad I finally got a time to visit. We came on a Saturday night and I was impressed with the set up. We sat at the bar which has a view of the kitchen and there was a small band playing.  While sitting at the bar we were met with a friendly bartender that knew all of the beers and seemed to really enjoy his work. Wish I would have caught his name. 

Ordered the IPA which was really good. Tried my friend's brown and it was really good as well. We also tried the loaded Mac and cheese and it was awesome!  I've heard that the food here is really good. 

Overall I will come back to NMBCo. Seems like a good place to eat dinner with a great beer or just a place to enjoy a beer or two with friends. 

On a side note parking is in the pack and don't drive too fast or you will miss the entrance!
I really want to love this place, but I have had inconsistent experiences. Overall the place needs to find an identity. The food is good not amazing. Beers are very good and interesting, not your average brewpub brew. My biggest criticism would be the service and the pricing. Happy Hour, should be better in my opinion, and the quality of the food seems to have slid a bit since earlier in the restaurants life. I want to go again, they really seem to be trying.
I ended up here today completely by accident. I was on the way to The Alchemy for a quick lunch when we noticed the sign. After scrambling to figure out if it was open (thank you, Facebook), we decided to head back. We live in the Atwood area and had NO idea this place was coming, let alone already open! I drive or bike by here almost every day and hadn't even noticed the building was being developed into something new. Anyway, I am really excited about a brew pub within walking/biking range of my house, especially since it seems like it is going to be a good one.

My first impression was that it felt very comfortable. There was a lot of space in the dining room when we walked in and I really liked the more "pub" like feel of this as opposed to some other spots that are doing a very industrial warehouse look. I love that their televisions are enclosed in cabinets with a pulley system to hide them away. From what their website says, they will only have them on during special events and things like that which is nice. The last thing Madison needs is another sports bar. The bar area felt nice, too, though we didn't sit over there.

The menu was pretty interesting. Standard appetizer fare such as cheese curds and fries joined some funky items such as a gourmet corn dog, locally sourced veggie and meat skewers, and sauerkraut sausage balls. We opted for the cheese curds because even if you get bad fried cheese curds, you are still eating a pile of delicious cheese. Verdict? Above average. I felt like they had great flavor but a bit too much breading and my dining partner thought they were good and that the dipping sauce was great. 

For our main courses we went for the Yahara Burger and the Salmon Sandwich. The burger was great - juicy, flavorful, and very fresh tasting. The challah bun from Staltzy's Deli was a great choice. The included fries were OUTSTANDING. They say on the menu that they are hand cut. I assume that means they hand cut them in the shop, and if so that is damn impressive. Fresh fries seem to always be kind of soggy and chewy, but these were crisp and cooked perfectly. I was told the Salmon was good as well and she also really liked the fries. 

Now, onto the important stuff! Beer. We both enjoyed our drinks. I ordered the Les, a tasty and mild ale. Very drinkable. She ordered the Wilbur!, a delicious cream ale. It reminded me of a more flavorful Spotted Cow. We were both very happy with our drinks. I really hope that they avoid the trend of every beer being super hoppy, and from our first visit it seems like they just might. 

Overall I am super pumped about this place and I think they have a real shot of doing well. A menu loaded with just enough standards to keep people comfortable, but some fun twists to get others excited. A nice atmosphere. Good beer. Great location. 

Yep, it's a keeper.
They definitely had some opening weekend hiccups.  Three people behind the bar, some making eye contact yet no one approached for a good 7 minutes.  Had to hold a mirror up to my face to make sure I didn't spontaneously turn invisible.  It's ok if you are busy and/or flustered but just an acknowledgement goes along way guys....

We sampled the WPA (Wisconsin Pale Ale) and the First Wort (A gold ale).  Both beers suffered from the same affliction.  Both had a good first taste but absolutely no finish.  While I would expect that from the Wort, the pale ale should have come through.  

Will be stopping back in about a month to see if they work out the kinks and their second batch gets any better.
The beer is very good, with more to be tapped soon, and the food is much better than I imagined.  My favorites are the sausage balls and sweet potato crisps, both appetizers.  A pint of Sevex or WPA and those two is a perfect late afternoon happy hour meal.  I highly recommend Next Door and cannot wait to try their Sweet Wheat and IPA once they've been tapped.

There were definitely some opening day/weekend hiccups, as Bobb S. mentioned, but as far as I can tell, things are much improved a week later.  The service is much better and the food has improved as well.  They may have only been open a week, but Next Door is already my favorite place in the Atwood corridor!
I was very excited when I heard that we had a new brewery and restaurant in town, so I showed my wife the menu, and she got excited, too.  Unfortunately, our experience tonight did not live up to our hopes.

When we got there, no one was at the host station.  I flagged down a waiter, and he told me I should talk to the host, who was walking around somewhere.  The host came over, asked us how many we were, and sat us immediately after cleaning an open table.  We were very happy to be seated so quickly.

We got our menus, and ordered our first beers.  We'd been waiting for long enough at that point that we knew what we wanted for appetizers, so we ordered those, too.  We both also asked for glasses of water.

The beers came out a reasonable amount of time later.  We were both very impressed, and at that point we were convinced that we were in for a good experience.  I had the Sevex, which was pretty good, and my wife had the Wilbur, which we both liked a lot.

After about half an hour, our appetizers came out.  At this point, our waitress had not  checked on us once, and still had not taken our food order.  She set down our appetizers, took one of our food menus, and walked away before we could order our entrees.  We thought that was unusual.

For appetizers, we'd ordered the cheese curds and the pate.  The cheese curds were perfectly fine.  They weren't anywhere near the best I've had in town, but they were good--crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside.  The dipping sauce wasn't great, but the curds themselves were good.

The pate was strange.  Again, the pate itself was good, though my wife said she tasted an off metallic taste.  I didn't get that; I genuinely enjoyed it.  What I didn't enjoy, though, was that there was about a 1/4-inch-thick layer of semi-congealed fat on top of the pate itself.  I have no idea what it was, but it was gross.  It wasn't good, it wasn't rich, it wasn't warm, it was just as if someone had dumped fat on top of the pate.  It was unappetizing.

At this point, we still had not ordered food, though I'd had two beers, both of which were good.

Eventually, we did order food.  This was after nearly an hour in the place.  I ordered a standard burger, asking that they put cheese on top, and my wife ordered a chicken sandwich.  Both with fries.  I also ordered their onion soup.

Then we waited.  For about an hour.  And still did not have food.  Or water refills.  In fact, we didn't get silverware or napkins at any point during our meal.

What we did have was noise.  Lots of it.  The restaurant is larger than we expected, with concrete walls, and there were a lot of people, so it was just loud inside.  It was hard to hear each other from across the small table.

Several other groups were seated while we were waiting.  At some point, the waitress came over and apologized for the delay, and explained that the kitchen was swamped.  Honestly, that seemed plausible given how many people were in there.  But, eventually, my wife and I realized that no one was getting food.  Some people were getting appetizers, but no one was being served their entrees.  

After what seemed like forever, we noticed that groups that had been seated after we'd put our food orders in got their entrees before we got ours.  That's when we really got frustrated.  A few minutes later, though, we finally got our food.  Except not really.

I had ordered the onion soup.  What I got was a bowl full of the gazpacho.  I explained this to our waitress, and she first insisted that that's what I had ordered, and then blamed it on the kitchen.  I told her I would skip the soup and she took it back.  

My wife had ordered the chicken sandwich, which comes on a Stella's hot spicy cheese bread bun.  It was as advertised, except it wasn't very good.  My wife ate half of it out of grim determination, but couldn't get through it.  Her fries were cold.  Like, all the way cold.

My fires were hot, and they were delicious.  My burger was cooked perfectly, but it didn't have the cheese I'd asked for.  And it was just a bun with a patty on it; there wasn't anything else to it--not even condiments.  I took one bite, and it was just bland.  Not bad, just bland.  And I didn't get the soup I'd asked for, and my wife's food was terrible.  And my burger didn't have the cheese I'd asked for. 

By this point, both my wife and I were done.  We'd been waiting for so long, and then our orders were wrong and the food we did get was mediocre overall.  I approached the host and explained the situation.  He apologized, and sent the waitress over, who offered to fix my burger.  Reluctantly, I let her take it.

While we were waiting, my wife and I considered our options, eventually deciding that we preferred to cut our losses on our food at Next Door and go to Five Guys instead.  So that's what we did--we paid our check and went and got Five Guys.

I want this place to succeed, but it just wasn't a good experience toni
I tried out the Next Door Brewing Company on a Friday, and I knew they recently opened so I was expecting a ton of people and slow service. 

And that was what happened, but I was expecting that.  I had several of their beers and I thought they were pretty good.  I also had a pork and slaw sandwich which was very good.

Hopefully they can staff up for Thurs-Sat nights to keep things moving.  Also due to the stone walls, ceilings and floors it is very loud and had to hear.
So excited for a new place in my neighborhood!  It was pretty busy already beginning at 530 on a Friday.  As other reviewers said, it is very loud.  We just had a beer and some appetizers.  The food was good, especially the crisps with Chimchurri! I will definitely be back!
Good beer, good food, good service, good value. Very pleased with my meals, as I sampled a bit of many things. I'm a fan & I give 3 stars now, since I'm confident a few adjustments will put Next Door in the 4 to 5 star range. The fries weren't burnt, but they had that burnt flavor, like something was overcooked in the frying oil before. My MAIN COMPLAINT IS the LIGHTING! WHOA DUDE!!! Target called. They want their lighting back!!! A dimmer will do wonders for ambiance & mood. Next Door needn't be a dark, unwelcoming cave, but it doesn't need to be as bright as a mall jewelry store! I promise I'll be a frequent customer if the lights dim a bit. Seriously...

In other neighborhood eatery news... Hopefully Stalzy's will adjust prices a bit? Even though they have a friendly alliance with Next Door, if I have $10 in my pocket, I know I'll get a helluva lot more for my buck at Next Door. A delicious, well made burger with fries (not a la carte) vs an ehhh-made sammich, with salt, grease, a soggy pickle, & no change for a side? I think Next Door is a no-brainer.
Happy to have this place in our neighborhood, but they've got some bugs to work out. 

We went there two consecutive nights (Friday and  Saturday). Friday just to try their beer and appetizers. Saturday for entrees. 

Friday I would have given place 2 stars, but they redeemed themselves a little on Saturday to get 3. Not awesome but tons of room for improvement.

Positive: The service was great both nights. Seating options are well-designed. We like the communal seating at big and long tables, but there are options for private tables, a softball team area (the hipsters had claimed this area on Friday, and it was great to see them giving the place a chance), and bar seats too. Menu seems thoughtful. WPA (wheat pale ale?) is really nice. Local ingredients seem to be a priority. The Ssam Pork sandwich is really good with its kimchi slaw. Really nice logo, and great revitalization of a former dead space on Atwood Ave. OH, and the ketchup that that came with the fries - ! - thank you for not calling in Heinz. That $?!+ is awesome, but not quite the hook you need to get people back.

Negative: Dim the lights for christsake! It  feels more like Perkins than a neighborhood tavern. The cheese curds made us both a little ill - too greazy and the cheese is too soft (have the Baerwolf family at Sassy Cow advise you on a firmer cheese for deep frying, and densify your batter so it doesn't hold so much of the oil). It's also quite noisy. Two large rooms with hard walls, ceiling and floor make it an echo chamber and a little hard to talk unless you have good bar yell. Install some kind of noise dampening finishes. 

We'll be back, but we'll give them some time to work out some of the newbie problems.
The only reason I am giving this a 2 instead of a 1 is because they just opened and the beer was tasty. But I found the atmosphere uncomfortable and lacking of any kind of  ambiance what so ever. The lighting is terrible, it very loud, and the seating is awkward.  The wait staff on both occasions took a long time to take our order and forgot the waters. I had a darker beer that was great the first time and an IPA I also enjoyed the second time.
The first time I ordered the vegetarian tostadas and they were tolerable. Overly crunchy and fell apart and had an odd sweet taste to them. The second time my friend and I shared the crisps and cheese curds. The crisps were good but the  cheese curds were GROSS and definitely not vegetarian since I could taste that they had been dipped in the same batter as the fish. The were huge about the size of my fist and coated in the most disgusting fishy batter you could ever possibly imagine. I love cheese curds but these actually ruined curds for me, the word curd even turn my stomach now.

I really wanted to like this place as I work in the neighborhood and meet friends out for a beer and bite after work regularly.  There are a lot of good restaurants and brew pubs in this town, this one is not even close to par with any of the rest yet.  Chances are slim I will go back. If you eat meat and don't mind the uncomfortable atmosphere then you might love it though.
I've visited Next Door Brewing Co twice now, both times for lunch since it's closet to my office.  Our waitress on our first visit seemed very disconnected with the menu / specials and service was not that great.  On the second visit we were well taken care of and the staff was very friendly.  Both times the food was great and reasonably priced.
We had the opportunity to swing through this new brewery over the weekend. I am happy to report that the service was friendly and prompt, their beer was complex and delicious, the ambiance was very laid back and fun and they were playing great music. We only glanced at the food menu, but will definitely be back again to eat and try new beers. Their goal is to have a total of 11 taps, with about 3 being standards and 8 consistently rotating new brews and flavors. They also had 3 guest beers on tap. Great brewery, go check it out!
We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were two or three tables and a half dozen people at the bar. We were instructed to sit wherever we liked, so we sat down at one of three tables in the bar area. I saw at least two serves walking around and one bartender. We checked out the beer menu, made our selections, and then waited. And waited. We sat there for five minutes and no one came to take our order, say hello, or offer us food menus. In the end we decided to walk a few blocks to the Harmony where the bartender doesn't pretend you're invisible.

I can be patient when it's busy and servers obviously have a lot on their plate. But this was not the case on Sunday afternoon. I'm disappointed because I was really excited about a brew pub opening up in our neighborhood. I'll give them another shot in a month or so. Hope they work out their staff issues by then.
Good:  Decent beer (Sevex was really good the Wilbur was mediocre) and better than average food (I shared the poutine and had the Sassy Chicken Sandwich).  The Servers were friendly.

Bad:  You feel like you are in a repainted VFW hall.  The ceilings are concrete, so it sounds like everyone is yelling next to you.  The service was really slow.  2 hours for apps and dinner was more than I expected.  Entrees took ~40 minutes to come out on a Wednesday when the place was mostly empty.
Very good, fresh beer, with a good variety of styles, from black IPA to the tasty Wilber! cream ale. We tried two appetizers: The sausage and sauerkraut balls, and the poutine, both excellent pub fare. We'll be back for the burgers and pulled pork sandwich. Definitely worth a return visit. We were there on a week night, so it wasn't real crowded or loud. The place is attractive, with taupe walls, polished wood, and candles on the tables. We felt welcome and well cared for.
I am so glad that we didn't order more from them. We had the mixed shishkabob plate, the sausage and kraut balls, and split the Atwood burger. My partner had a beer. The shishkabobs were under-seasoned and over cooked, the only one either of us enjoyed at all was the sausage one, probably because you can't mess up sausage too badly. The burger was the same story. They advertise onions and caraway seeds and other yummies on that burger. What came out of the kitchen was an undersized patty with a few caraway seeds in the entire thing and a tiny smudge of onions on top. We expected something much more flavorful and powerful. The beer, I was told was excellent for the first few sips and then started to leave a bad taste in his mouth. A third of the way through the glass and he would have thrown it away if we had been at home. Now those things I could forgive for a new place but here is the kicker. The pork sausage and sauerkraut were over done on the outside and raw on the inside. When I told the waiter to let the kitchen staff know that their frier was too hot (I have been frying for 10 years), he let them know and then came back and told us that the balls were supposed to be pink on the inside. I'm curious. How can a product comprised of a brown or green vegetable and a meat that is brown when properly cooked, be pink unless it was raw? Not only is that wrong, but that is a safety issue. We will not be going back and we will not be recommending it to anyone. Save yourself some money and possibly illness and avoid this place.
To start, i wont order food here again. It was overpriced and not amazing, actually my burger was the worst burger i have ever ordered anywhere but my bf's chicken sandwich was good, not worth the price, but at least good. Beer i was informed was good, but it took a long time to get my food and yeah, the burger with swiss and carmalized onions was a disgrace to burgers everywhere
Stopped in for a late noon lunch.   Ordered the Ssam Pork sandwich.   It came with french fries that where Great.   the sandwiches roasted pork was tender and tasty.  But the kinchi sauce was a bit mild for me.   Get extra napkins for this juicy sandwich.   We will be going back to try the custom brews and more menu selections.   The manager even stopped by our table to make sure we where happy and satisfied.
Met up with a friend for a quick brew and a light bite on 11/30/13 - last opportunity for #yelpnewvember.

+ Arrived at around 5:45pm, plenty of seats available at the bar (and tables)
+ Lighting was comfortable
+ Sound deadener under bar stools helped keep some of the echo/ring/harshness down

+ TVs surrounded the bar; playing college football
- Appeared to have a problem getting music to play over PA system while keeping TVs active. They fixed it after about 5-6 songs with blank television

+/- Staff was generally aloof; bartenders weren't very personable - they hugged the back of the bar

+/- Tried two distinct beers - one was great, the other not so much
- Fish fritters weren't what I had expected; probably my bad, but they reminded me of whitefish cakes (think crab cakes but with whitefish). Aioli helped a ton. I envisioned something like a fish nugget - a small chunk of cod or something.

- Pricey. 2 full beers, 1 7oz beer, and the fish bites came to $20, without tip. Seemed a bit excessive to me.

- Parking lot was extremely difficult to get out of; not really the fault of the place - it's the nature of having a biz in the Schenck/Atwood neighborhood. I'd recommend parking on the street if you can - it's free and much easier to get in and out of.

I need to go back a few more times, and will; I'll update accordingly after a few more visits. I have high hopes!
A work in progress but definitely worth a visit. I had stopped by alone one afternoon and chatted with the owner. I was so impressed with his dedication to making his customers happy. Though it is hard to hear folks complaints he takes them to heart and does something about it. No arrogance just a commitment to excellence.

I returned the Wednesday before Thanksgiving about 5 pm. We had no trouble finding a table but the place filled up quickly after our arrival. There were 5 of us and i had no trouble hearing over the din. The waitstaff was helpful and attentive. 

We started with the Crisps (strips of yam) which were crunchy and delicious. I especially liked the herby chimmichuri sauce that accompanied the potatoes. I tasted bot the White Onion Soup and the Butternut Squash soup. The squash soup was the clear winner for me. I thought the onion soup was too cheesy (I am not a WI native) and lacked umami. The squash soup was sweet and delicate. Yum.

My sister and her husband stated that the salmon sandwich was good, not great. They are gourmands of sort so they may be mighty picky.

I am not one to review beer. I like it but just do not know enough to rate it. The Wilbur was good but my brother-in-law preferred the Willy. That's all I know.

I live close by and am sure to return. I want to try their salads and some other beers. My son did have an Old Fashioned and he liked it just fine. I enjoyed the neighborhood ambiance and the attitude of the the staff. 

I hope to add an extra star in the near future. Check back soon for an update.
Solid first attempt with enough excitement to return. While the food menu didn't make me jump up and down, I dug the atmosphere and the tap line. Next time I want to go past snacks and give the reg menu a whirl, then update. A super awesome addition to the hood though. Once I'm certain will continue to gain in popularity over time!
I stopped in at Next Door on a Friday evening around 8 to meet up with some friends for a few beers and some munchies. I had initially talked to the host when I walked in, thinking that maybe I would get a table for my friends and I (I was early). He said there might be a 20 minute wait, so I gave him my name and headed over to the bar. Inside ten minutes he came over to offer a table, but I had found some seats by the window overlooking the brewing room with the vats and color-changing lights (trippy!), so I was OK for the moment. He even came back a few minutes later just to make sure my friends and I were comfortable with where we were at. So basically their host kicks butt. 

The beer (I believe all of which are House of Brews creations) was pretty great. I tried their Doe Eyed Brown, which had caramel notes on the finish with a nice mouth-feel (aka tasty). Then it was on to the S.S. Badger, their steam ale, which was crisp and tasty (think Anchor Steam). I also had their Egg Nog Sweet Stout, which I was initially apprehensive about, thinking it might have an overly-sweet vanilla thing going on - but no! Creamy, coffee-ish, with a hint of vanilla, and with fresh nutmeg grated on top, this beer was the highlight of our evening. 

The snacks were de.light.ful. We had the eggs two ways (deviled and pickled with juice, both delicious), the sauerkraut sausage balls (which has a crispy exterior and a remoulade dipping sauce and were savory and great), and the poutine (made with thick-cut fries, a peppery gravy, Sassy Cow creamery cheese curds, topped with slices of green onion...I was in my own fatty paradise). 

All of the three-star review people should give this place another go-round - I think their game has been stepped up.
I went to Next Door for the first time this past week, and I really liked it. Nice decor and even though I was with a large group, service was efficient and friendly. I didn't order any food but I tried someone's fried cheese curds (obviously no match for the reining champ on the square, but that's a pretty high bar).

They have a lot of good house brews - I really like stouts and their eggnog stout was fantastic.
Quoted from my daughter: " This place gets 2000 thumbs up"
If that is not a compliment, I don't know what is.  All three generations of my family LOVED their  experience at Next Door Brewing Company.  
We ordered an Atwood Burger, Yahara Burger and the Sassy Bird Sandwich.  All came with the most delicious french fries.  I have no picture of them because they were all eaten and devoured so quickly.  My father ate his entire plate of food so quickly and washed it down with a nutty brown beer, I haven't seen him eat that quickly in ages.  My daughter loved her Yahara burger with the Challah bun.  My sassy bird chicken sandwich was perfect, moist chicken, perfect bun and yes, those darn french fries again.
Before leaving my quotable daughter mentioned to the waiter she would like to come back every day.  So all in all here's what you need to know.  
Delicious food and beer.  Great space for groups at the larger tables or there are some smaller table groupings.  In the bloody freezing weather of Wisconsin, this place was warm and toasty.  Children will be happy campers although they did not have a kids menu.
See you again Next Door!
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had! Crispy with a melted inside that was fresh and phenomenal. Great flavor and epitome of a good cheesecurd! Corndog was delicious with fresh homemade breading with a wonderful sausage inside! Only complaint was how spicy our Mac n cheese was (made with cayenne pepper we were later informed!!) without any warning on the menu which could have been bad if it was a go-to for kids. Friendly service and to die for food, can't wait to bring friends back!
This is a great neighborhood brewery.  With many places popping up with new construction, I really enjoy the feel of this place having converted an old building and adding a ton of character.

The staff is great, I always feel welcomed and taken  care of.  The place can get busy, but I've never turned back.  Busy is good, in my opinion.

The food is fantastic, everything is always fresh and tasty, and sourced locally when possible...gotta respect that!

The beer is exceptional.  Brewer Keith can often be found performing "quality control" and is really good about discussing everything beer.  It's a nice touch for people who are curious about the process.
Had a nice meal at Next Door the other night. This was my second time there, my first time was just for a beer shortly after they opened so I wanted to get back in and check it out. 

It seemed less industrial and more 'moved-in' which was nice. The space is very cool and unique. 

Their food menu was exciting, lots of options that I wanted to try. I had a pulled pork sandwich with kimchee, it was good but would have liked more spice. A friend had the beer mac and cheese, I tried it and it was delicious. 

I'll be back to try more of the menu!
I came to Next Door Brewing Company with high hopes-and left a little disappointed. They get four stars only because of the attentive, friendly waitstaff and the fact I really enjoyed their seasonal Holiday Beer (I forgot the name), the food deserved a 2.   Otherwise, the food was awful--maybe it was just an off day.  My son had their mac and cheese-and was disappointed. I had the sassy bird sandwich--the chicken breast was a little overdone and smothered in too much sauce.  Bun was so-so.  Cheese curds were passable.
We stumbled onto this place back in early January at a late afternoon and non-weekend hour.   We used to live a lot closer and would have spotted it a lot earlier in those days.  I thought it was another coffee joint, but wife knew better.  We went in to check it out and were glad we did.  No raucous music and no TV set emphasis.  Good start.  Friendly atmosphere and we were greeted as though we were welcome and not just interlopers.

Tried a flight to see how they brew.  I was thankful to find a brewer that doesn't use maximum hops to cover up all his mistakes.  They have good choices and any beer guy should be able to find something to his liking.  I didn't take notes, and this review is a few weeks after the fact, but I thought the place needs some promoting.  It is a great neighborhood brew pub and bar, and we will be back at some point.  The only food memory that I have at this point is the eggs.  Pickled eggs were great and significantly better than the deviled ones.

Good luck, Next Door.  We wish you all the best.  Will be back with my son-in-law who is a real Beer Guy.
I went to Next Door Brewing for an after work gathering. 

Parking - skip the tiny parking lot. It's a mess trying to get in and out of it. There is plenty of street parking all around the area.

Atmosphere - it was ok. It's a big open space that feels kind of bland. 

Beer - as it's a microbrewery, I tried their sampler. It was also ok. I can't say I loved any of the beers nor were any of them horrific.

Food - it was ok. They have big, beautiful cheese curds but they aren't very flavorful. I also had their Atwood Burger which was, you guessed it, ok.

Service - was right in line with the rest of the experience. It was ok. It certainly wasn't terrible service but I wouldn't go out of my way to say it was good either. 

I didn't find anything about my experience at all remarkable. If I have friends who want to go here, I won't object as it's not awful. But I would never suggest or recommend it. If I give it another try in the future and things are different, I'll definitely update this review.
Neighborhood bar with good beer.  We liked the fish fritters, pickled vegetables, Sasy Bird chicken sandwich and squash soup.  Nice dinner out for me and the wife.
Ate lunch here. Had the wpa, which was a cross between a pale ale and an IPA. Food was excellent- had the veggie tostada and the white bean burger (a special that day but hope they keep it). Both were tasty!
DO NOT ORDER THE CHEESE CURDS. Seriously, worst cheese curds in Madison. They had too much bland, cake-y batter that overpowered the very mild curds, which I think were inside the batter, but they were so melted it was just goo (Not enough cheese in the cheese curd - how is that even possible?) Even the side sauce was disappointing - watery and bland. 

I really wanted to like this place - big tables, large selection of homebrewed beer, photos of the Atwood neighborhood around town. Atmosphere is nice, sadly the food is meh. I had the salmon sandwich, which was more like a mayonnaise-y salmon salad. It was alright after adding some salt. 

The beer is the highlight of this place, lots of selection and they offer beer flights for tasting and figuring out your favorites.
Just tried Next Door Brewing Co.on a week night last week. The ambiance is great, hard wood floors, smaller but nice bar and a windowed off area where you can see the brewing equipment. Not sure if they are still figuring out staffing, but our service was incredibly slow. The staff was nice but we waited a long time to even have someone come over with waters and take our order. I had the white chicken chili which was on special that day and it was great! The portion size was huge, especially considering the low price I paid for it. Will definitely come back on a weekend and try some of their drinks.
Wonderful place. The food was outstanding, the service was quite friendly and very helpful. The stout made it in my top 5. The wood bar was very nice, which added to the overall homey feel to the place. Next door indeed. You can also see the entire brewing room, which was neat as they were working in their during my visit. My gf and I had a wonderful experience and definitely recommend it.
I'm eager to return since I swung by for a happy hour with a friend.

We happily sampled their brews... I'll be back for that White IPA. 

Food: The house corn dog gave me hope. The poutine did not. The mix & match skewers rocked. Highly recommend the mushrooms and the sausage, but wouldn't suggest the hearts unless you're obsessed with them in some way. 

I fell in love with the setup table-wise. As a planner of meetings, I seriously dug the ginormous tables that could seat large groups. And the best part is they have more than one giant table. (Smart move Next Door, now I want to fill one of 'em!)

I'm looking forward to returning for a full meal and will update my review when I get the chance!
I went for Brunch to this place a couple of Sundays ago. 

Upon entering I was really surprised at how quiet this place was for a Sunday afternoon given the location. They have mostly large tables aka communal seating. Since the other half of my party was already seated, we joined them- and were greeted by the waitress quickly. Service throughout the meal was very nice. 

The meal itself had hits, but also misses.  The cheese curds were AWESOME. My husband's chicken and waffles good. But my pulled pork sandwich with kimchi was a disappointment- seriously lacking in flavor. The Burger was not outstanding. The Veg tostada my mother in law tried was good. 

Overall I would return to this place, but with so many outstanding locations near by, it might be a while.
This place was a great find for a Sunday afternoon lunch. I had the sassy bird chicken sandwich which was delicious! It has Brie cheese and this orange sauce that made the sandwich perfectly unique and delicious! 

My boyfriend had the monte cristo sandwich off of the brunch menu, which was yummy but what really made the plate was the grilled & salted red skin potatoes and a mustardy, horseradishy, raspberry vinigarette! Holy yum! 

The atmosphere was nice and I really liked the music they had on on the background (Nora jones style).

Waitstaff was nice and had good recommendations for foods to try. 

Only drawbacks I could find....

I thought the appetizers were unfairly priced. I would have liked to try the fried cheese curds or the poutine but the cost of those was almost as must as my sandwich meal. If they dropped the price of these a bit my rating would be a full 5 stars! :-

Overall, I really liked this place and will go back for another visit!
Super excited to try this place! The decor was fantastic. They did a great job of mixing masculine and feminine, old and new. Easily a place to hunker down and stay a while. It took a while to get service, however, once we had, our server was attentive and polite. Being new to the place, my husband and I both ordered beer flights. (They are not listed on the menu, but they do have them.) It was basically pick 4, so between the two of us we sampled 8 of their brews. They were decent. Some had a strange after taste and some almost tasted like fruit infused beers. If this is your thing-drink up. I wasn't such a fan. I thought the flavors were strange-not bad- just different. The food was the same. I had the whitefish and potato cakes and my husband had pulled pork. Both dishes had strong middle eastern/ oriental flavors. They were also strange. It again almost seemed like a poor attempt at american/ middle eastern/ oriental fusion. 

In short, if you are into middle eastern/ oriental flavors and fruit infused beers, this is your place. If you are looking to go a little more traditional, I would head some place else.
Went here for a beer on a Saturday afternoon and think this place is pretty cool. Super close to where we live and the beers weren't bad. They could use a couple more lighter style beers to satisfy those of us who don't like heavy IPAs. I definitely want to come back and try the menu
Stopped in for a flight of tasters. Sampled 5 in total, all of which were good. The best was Arch Nemesis. There was a smaller tasting room along with larger seating areas. I had some beer battered cheese curds which were just OK. 

It's a short walk to One Barrel so hit both if you are out tasting.
We stopped in Friday for their new fish fry.   We both had the perch.   We both felt it was at best unremarkable.   The lake perch were small and overdone so there was no flakiness to them.   The fries were good.  The small slaw side was tasteless.   The Belgian IPA I tried was the best Next Door beer I've had here in a number of visits.   I'd rate it 5/10 on a scale of Belgian IPA's I've tried.   Overall an unexciting visit.   I would not earmark the place for any sort of visit.   I hope they succeed but they really need to get in touch with what people expect!    Madison has a great array of beckoning places...Next Door doesn't inspire return visits.
Great food, prices, beer and service. Right next to AMC, another great addition to Ahwatukee.
The food is excellent, they had all of the gluten free stuff for my wife an she lives it. Plus they had all of the things I love too. Not to mention beer beer beer and more beer. Try the flights... Now enough about the food. The staff is very very friendly an attentive to our needs. All I can say is that this has been a great night out and this is my new favorite place.
Went for lunch and it wasn't terribly busy. They were already out of their pretzel appetizer, which was disappointing. Waited over 50 minutes to get out food (2 hamburgers and a kids veggie plate). When the food finally did arrive the order was wrong, onion rings weren't ready, and ranch for the veggies was missing. We asked the expediter to get the ranch, but he never came back. The manager did come over to apologize (which was the right thing to do) but the damage was already done. The fries with the second (kids) burger were cold too. 

Maybe wait a month for them to iron out the kinks before trying this place. If lunch was that slow, I'd hate to see dinner service.
The menu has a nice variety of choices.  Try the shredded pork flatbread!  Real tasty. They brew their own beers too.  The Amber was excellent.  Great bar set up and there are plenty of TVs. ASU game vs USC was prominently displayed.  Welcome to ahwatukee!
Stopped by for lunch while working. Good food but I didn't get to try any beer! One major complaint: no free wifi!
New sports bar right by my place, that rounds out a shopping plaza missing only a sports bar? Definitely wanted to give it a try. My roommate and I were going to see a movie and decided to stop in on a whim.

The place is brand new, so they don't have everything perfect yet. But give it some time and I think this will become a favorite hangout. There's plenty of TVs (although no free WiFi yet) and the front of the restaurant is almost totally open to patio seating, which now that the weather is cooling down is a tempting option.

My roommate and I weren't too hungry, so we just got an appetizer and indulged in some adult beverages, and the bill was pretty comparable to any other sports bar you would go to. We were able to watch the Thursday Night Football game and chat it up before our movie.

Nice atmosphere and friendly service, on top of everything I just listed, so we will definitely be back.
Anyone like myself looking for the hottest wings on the planet will not be disappointed !   These are the real deal with legit ghost peppers and gloves.  I say bring it!  Anyone in Ahwatukee looking for a really cool vibe with great beer and food needs to visit.  Dog friendly, bring your best friend and sit on the patio!!  Finally a cool place to hang out.  See you here!
Love it here. Excellent atmosphere and drink selections. Food is good and the staff is friendly. I certainly recommend. Tons of TV's as well. Lets support our local establishments!
I know most of you read my reviews because I slaughter restaurants on this fine website. Well prepare to be DISAPPOINTED!. This place is AWESOME

Tonight was the first time I had ever been to an Uncle Bears, and I was prepared for another mediocre experience. The parking lot was crowded, however the restaurant shares its parking lot with a movie theater, and two trendy restaurants; Pita Jungle and Ra (sushi). It was Friday night around 5:30 pm, and the place looked very crowded, however we did not have to wait more than 10 minutes for a table. This was very rare considering some of the restaurants in the area have 20-30 minute waits. 

The inside is large, however they have it sectioned off so it still feels cozy. I think they are trying to attract an older crowd based on the 70s and 80s music that was playing, but they had no less than 19 flat screens with UFC, MLB playoffs, and college football for the younger crowd. Fun for all. 

Our waiter was well dressed & professional and our drinks came out quickly and accurately. Best of all their micro brew was only $4.75 per pint!!!! For our meal my wife and I ordered a bunch of little stuff... Sausage platter, hot wings, pretzel with cheese, and prime rib sliders. 
EVERYTHING was good and with large portions for the money. I have had sausage platters at other micro brews and this was the best one I have had in a long time. It comes with a generous helping of a semi-spicy sausage with iceberg lettuce and bread to put the sausage on. The wings were fried to perfection and were large. The pretzel again was large and had a delicious melted cheese. The prime rib sliders were awesome however I think they would be better served with a horseradish mayonnaise. I asked for some horseradish and it came out in record time considering the place was packed. 

At the end of our meal one of the owners came over to ask us about our experience. The staff was great, food was great, and it felt like the type of establishment that the owners really put their heart into. My wife and I will definitely be back.
It's Saturday... You got lots of Tvs and im stuck listening to Cyndi Lauper. Are you a bar or a gay night club. Turn on the volume of the game dammit!
The burgers are outstanding! Can't wait to go back and try the wings and the pizza! It's a brew house! So they have all the fun stuff on site for that and the brew dude is really friendly and will answer any of your questions! The beer isn't too bad! Great place to chill and watch a game!
Wings are excellent, especially the salt and peppercorn. Nice crunch on the outside and moist nice off the bone meat. Can't wait to come back in evening to try the prime rib and some brews in the tasting room.
Loving this place - great neighborhood bar and grill.  My husband and I have been 3 times in the last couple weeks, and have had consistent and great service, food, and atmosphere!  Can't say we have a single complaint.
I happened to walk by here a few weeks ago and saw that something was going in this spot, which has been a black hole for restaurants over the years. I happened to walk by again the other night and saw the place was open so decided to try it out last night. 
It was a nice night to sit on the patio, and others had the same idea. Not too many people inside but the place is new. The outside patio had a smoking area and a smaller non smoking area. There was no space in the non smoking area, and the bar had no seats so I was thinking of leaving because I really wanted to sit outside. They caught us before we left and found stools for us which I thought was nice. 
The beers were interesting, and I am looking forward to a few weeks from now when they start having porters and stouts. 
I had the Mac and cheese and it was very good. There was a solid bacon flavor in there and they somehow kept the bacon crispy throughout the dish. Nicely done. My old lady had a pizza which I wasn't crazy about but I am really picky about pizza.  So I don't expect much from bar pizza. 
The staff was quite nice. 
All in all, a good experience. I think I will be back.
1st let me tell you, this is Uncle Bear's Brewhouse Grill. Not Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill! Big difference, menu's are different, the ambiance is different. Just wanted to get that out of the way before I start this thing!
Wife and I was in Tempe to see our Daughter and boyfriend. Brought our little princess with us, daughter said there was an Uncle Bear's nearby! Now Uncle Bear's in well known pet friendly establishment, always a great place for your pooch. Now of course this was on a Saturday night, all of you kids have nothing to do except taking up space! (saying this with a grin) So we had to wait for a table outside, now what I did not like was instead of using the usual led vibrator to let you know your table is ready. They ask for your cell phone so they can text you! That's one way of saving money I guess. 
Now to the food and service. When we finally got seated, we were told since we were on the patio our service was going to be slower? So I asked him why are we second class compare to the dining room! He immediately changed his wording to since there are a lot of people here our service is behind. Since he realized I wasn't going take any crap from him, our service was pretty quick. ;-) 
The menu was OK a lot different from Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill, I was in the mood for a Crispy Chicken Salad. But they did not offer that there, I also wanted the Jalapeno Poppers appetizer. They again did not offer that there! That's when I realized I had to look at their menu. So I ended up ordering their soft pretzel with cheese and sauce. This was a good thing, pretzel was baked with a butter topping. This was probably the best thing I ate that night. I ordered their slow cooked ribs, I was assuming they were going to be more like a BBQ style ribs. Oops! it was more like a pot roast style. I had their veggie's and mashed potato's with my meal. Overall the good was good, not what I was expecting. Service was OK, and the food was OK. There is a reason why I live in Surprise, to get away from this crowd!
Summary: great location, great micro brew, really good appetizers. So why the 2 stars? Horrible service. 

Advice: if you are waiting for a show, this is not the place to go if you want to watch the beginning of your movie. 

I will check back in a month or two. We showed up to have a couple beers and an appetizer before going to the show a couple doors down. Turns out that they opened their doors earlier in the week. We let our waiter know that we were watching the clock for the show bit it didn't help. We had to rush to get out and was still a couple minutes late. 

Since they were open for less then a week I am more then willing to give them another chance. They have 5-6 microbrews and give a solid score on all. Their appetizers, amazing. Try the pretzels.
They have Green Flash IPA on tap!  The food is good, wait staff are friendly and knowledgeable.
Cool ambiance and nice wait staff. Three stars because expectations exceeded the taste of the food since prices are a little higher and decor a little trendier than your local bar scene. I got the prime rib sliders but they lacked any flavor development and sides were all about average. However, I think risking another visit to try a different item on the menu is worth it just to have their wings again.
With some effort, this new establishment can be a winner.
They have yet to understand how to handle showing different NFL games.
The TP and soap were out in the bathroom at different times.
The food was more than a sports bar, but they had great variety including vegan options.  We enjoyed the shrimp flatbread.
Great atmosphere with tons of TV's and ample places to sit; major bonus- you can sit outside with your dog! I loved the cute dog bone designed flight and dry erase beer ordering system. Prices were a little on the high side for a neighborhood bar but the awesome service made up for it. We ordered the pretzel to start which had a surprisingly good mustard sauce. The seasonal Pale Ale came a little on the bitter side but was definitely my favorite. My boyfriend enjoyed the Dark Ale with just a hint of chocolate/ espresso taste. We also filled our growler and they offered to give us another growler of their design if we paid for a second refill! Now that's an awesome deal
Cold food terrible service!  Not busy so no excuse, waiter didn't come back to table and finally had to ask another to cash us out.  Chili was cold, hamburger and fries were cold, no ketchup.
Good food, casual atmosphere, and a decent beer selection.  Can't comment on the beer too much since everyone has their preference, but I found a couple selections I liked.  The food was good.  Wasn't exceptional, just standard issue bar food.  I'll probably be back to tray some other things on the menu.

There's probably some story behind it but I thought it was odd that they have a Mobil Oil red pegasus logo hanging on their back wall.
I'm not usually one to leave negative reviews and usually give the benefit of the doubt when I have one bad experience, but our family came here and finally left after waiting forever and never getting served. Too bad, because I LOVE places like this and have heard great things.
If you're going to open a brewpub you need three absolutes. Good beer, fish and chips, and a decent handmade pub burger. This place has nasty beer, no fish, and horrible hamburgers!! Nice place with shiny beer equipment, HOWEVER, this place just sucks!! Service was great, management was clueless. If you order a Hop Dog IPA, it damn sure better have some hops in it!! Make YOUR OWN hamburger patties!! Preformed frozen patties are an embarrassment to your location. 

Either get it right or get out of the way and make room for somebody who can do it better.

All in all, skip it and go get a slice at Vimcents!!
Four of us dined there before the movies. Excellent service, really good food, nice comfortable atmosphere, good vibe, good beer, lots of tv's, not too loud. I wish the movie was as good as Uncle Bears'! Yes, we'll be back.
The food I felt was 3 star. The beer was 4 star. And the service I felt was 5 star. The staff was friendly even when we were there for a company Christmas party, we showed up late, and it was getting chilly so we asked them to adjust the fire in the patio area. There are other brewhouses I'd pick normally. But this was a pretty darned nice place.
The place looks nice, I liked the atmosphere.  However the bartenders were not friendly.  We had to wave to get service and we were never checked on. Our sliders took a long time.  They came out cold and had no seasoning. 
 We thought we would it try again,  but when new customers came in, got a hand shake and better service,  we decided not to give this place a second chance.
Pretty solid 3 stars here. Nothing extraordinary but nothing really disappointing either. There are better brewpubs in the area though. The drinks were good and the one I had was really strong. The potato soup was all right, but I feel like Paradise Bakery has better bread bowls. Fish and chips were decent, and there was an all right beer selection.
The outside area was nice and the fire was cozy for those few months in Phoenix where it gets chilly in the evening. Service was friendly and pretty on top of things.
This restaurant was awful.  We waited to be told it was open seating. Sat down, restaurant was empty and waited 10 min for our waitress. Ordered Chicken wings and mac and cheese.  Wings were cold and under cooked and mac cheese was gross.  Service was terrible as was the food.  STAY AWAY!!!
Second time visiting this place, our first visit we just tried a brew after a movie, liked the place and decided we should come back to try their menu. Not your standard sports bar menu, they have vegan & gluten-free choices and they also have cheese boards and flatbreads that stood out but I did not try as I was starving. Husband & I both had burgers. I had the New Mexico with green chiles, pepper jack & onion strings on wheat bun- it was pretty good, patty was big, greasy & tasty although it could have been cooked just a tad more, (menu says they cook patties to medium-well but it was still a bit too pink, but tasty nonetheless) beer-battered fries were perfectly seasoned and crispy A+. If you like hops in your beer I definitely recommend their house IPA. Service was great & food was served up quick.
Fabulous food, AMAZING burgers (I had the So Cal lettuce wrapped because I can't have dairy in the bun). Fabulous house Pinot Grigio. AMAZING SERVER! Fun atmosphere. I would go back on every date night from here on out. Friday night and they were busy but we were sat right away!
If your going to expect customers to praise your restaurant when two guests are standing in the front it might help for someone to acknowledge us.  Waiting 5 minutes at front and had no greeting.  Then proceeded to take our own menus into the dining area where we noticed about 6 other tables eating.  We sat down waiting for a server to greet us.  One of the servers on the side looked at us and walked into the back.  After waiting another 5 minutes we left the restaurant.  Don't think I'll be coming back.
I have been to this location twice now. The service is slow, unattentive, and lacking passion. If you brew your own beer, you should probably talk about that. If you cared about your guests you would serve them better than a Denny's server. The servers job is easy. Be knowledgable, provide drink refills, engage with your customers, and show some love for the business you represent. Is that so hard? The staff here seemed more concerned with watching the football game then taking care of customers. Next time I will pass on Uncle Bears!!!
Well, i had the chicken sliders, and the helpings were plenty (4), along with delicios fries to go along with a jump beer. Perfect combo.  Also ordered the artichoke and spinach queso app, but itbwas queso with some spinach, and I am still looking for artichoke.  Not good when it cost $9.50
I visited this place for the first time with my husband last weekend and was surprised to find that they brew their own beer. I was pretty excited about that and so I ordered the sampler to try them all and she even gave me a small shot of the stout which was not included in the sampler. Most of the beers had pretty good flavor but not enough of it. They were just a little too thin and tasted watered down. Some I liked more than others but really they all were lacking in body. The food is basic bar food: burgers, pizza, a bunch of fried appetizers. Their wings were pretty tasty but everything else was just ok. I don't think the burgers and fries are fresh made in house. I probably would not come here again for the food since it was a pretty boring menu but I might stop in for a pint before watching a movie at the AMC next door. So, here are my thoughts on their beers:

Dog Paddle Wheat - It may just have been the power of suggestion since I read the description before tasting but I really did get the notes of coriander in the flavor. This is a nice and light summer beer but I really didn't get a wheat flavor or mouthfeel at all like you would in a hefe. I'd try this one again when it's hot out and probably like it a lot better. I think it would go great with some Mexican food.

Fence Jumper - Description says oats were involved but apparently not enough to release any proteins because again it seemed watered down. Flavor was very bland as well but then I'm just not a light beer type of girl. Order this one if you are used to Budweiser. You'll probably like it.

Head to Tail Amber - Well usually amber is my favorite but again there was a lack of flavor and body. I will say that it was a really good balance between the malt and the hops. Not a bad beer just a little too dry for me. Hubby had ordered an Angry Orchard and we did try mixing the two (they offer this as an option on their menu) and we both agreed that was very good!

Dog Park Dark Ale - This is a great beer. Really well done. Excellent flavor. I love the deep malty beers though so this is just right up my alley. Again, light body but that's ok because it means you can drink more without filling up! If you like the taste of Guinness but not the heaviness give this a try.

Ocean Beach West Coast IPA - I don't really drink IPAs but this one was ok. Not too hoppy so I guess that's why they classified it as west coast. I did get the citrus taste mentioned in the description so I bet this one would be good in the summer, too.

Dog's Out Stout - I always love a good stout and this one was no exception. Not too much sweetness there - it was a little dry but still great depth of flavor. Again the body was lacking which was a disappointments since usually stouts have a nice creamy mouthfeel to them.

I ordered a pint of the dark ale and confirmed that this is the best beer of the bunch (to my palate at least). I wouldn't mind drinking any of them again but I wouldn't necessarily seek them out either. I hope they keep working on improving the recipes because at least they are on the right track.
Fun atmosphere, always have sports on and tv's are in view from almost every seat. Good food and drinks!
Clean place, great selection of beers, very good food, great service AND a dog friendly patio!
This is a very interesting but fun themed-brewery. As you may guess from the logo, it's all dog-themed which is funny but not over-done so it's great. Since it was our first time here, me and my girlfriend ordered a flight or beer samplers which came on a big wooden dog bone shaped plank, again awesome. Honestly, their beers didn't blow our mind, the seasonal Pale Ale was surprisingly bitter and the Golden Ale was a bit bland. However, I really liked the Dark Ale and Hefe. The food seemed pretty pricey so we stuck with pretzels which were terrific.
Walked in here as a change of pace from Pita Jungle next door. Very open and spacious. Huge garage door type of opening behind the first bar lets lots of sunshine and fresh air in. 

Jen ordered the beer flight and was a big fan. I'm not a big drinker but the Head to Tale Amber Ale was pretty good for my novice palette.  

We had the chicken fingers as an app and even though normally I don't like breaded, theses had a subtle peppery seasoning in the breading which made me want to come back here again just for that and the distinctively different BBQ sauce that came on the side.

Jen and I both ordered prime rib. Didn't know what we wanted at first but it coincidentally was 4pm when they started serving it. Great choice. Jen knows i ca be pretty critical of my food, and when she asked me how it was I said, "Best prime rib I've had in 20 years."  No joke. It could have been that we probably had the first slice and it was also a little luck since our server didn't ask what temp we wanted and yet it came out a perfect medium rare and was sooooooooo good. 

Our server was pretty much MIA the majority of the time. Alright guy and other server did check on us. We could have used a little more attention but the meal was so good I pretty much overlooked that part. 

On a side note for those who might like to know, the patio is dog friendly and they have a ton of TVs.  

I've also read some reviews about not being greeted promptly and poor service. To be honest I can see this just from observing by our experience wasn't all that bad and the food was so damn good we will definitely be back.
When we walked in, I thought I was in heaven.  The place is not only dog-friendly, but they have beautiful, fun dog shaped decor.

I ordered the basic burger with no onion, tomatoes or mustard, only lettuce and ketchup.  I also ordered onion rings in place of fries.  My burger came with onions, tomatoes and mustard - no lettuce or ketchup - with fries on the side.  I told the waiter and he apologized and promised to fix the error.  My second burger came with nothing but the patty and mustard - no lettuce or ketchup.  By this time, they had brought my onion rings so I could eat something during the burger catastrophe.  The third burger attempt produced just a patty - no lettuce or ketchup.  I asked the waiter to get those items for me and he brought those on the side.  He apologized and murmured something about the new burger process, blah, blah, blah.

My husband ordered the mac and cheese with shrimp which he enjoyed.

I figured the restaurant would comp our drinks or my burger, but nada.

I was extremely disappointed.
The waitress forgot about us.  She ordered our beer, but I brought it to the table myself.  She never came back until I went to the hostess to complain.  The situation was soon rectified by a manager and a waiter that took care of things from there out.  They bought us a round, the food came and then the place was enjoyable.  The OB Fish Platter with Cod, was tasty.  It wasn't "BIG" like the menu said, but tasty for fried fish and fries.  The Margherita Pizza topped with arrugula was tasty, but not out of this world.  The dog friendly theme and patio were cute.  I'd try it again, but I'm probably going to sit at the bar, so my beer doesn't get warm waiting for delivery to the table by an overworked waitress.
Went here for a happy hour and was very disappointed with the food and service. We even had to call the manager over. Hopefully it was just that one time. The 2 stars are only for the beer and atmosphere!
First time in.. Diane was so nice and made a very warm welcome.. The house brew is awesome I had the head to tale amber ale and can't complain.. Diane was very constant and very attentive.. I've found a new spot for a drink..
This is one if my favorite places in Ahwatukee. I love this place. The atmosphere and the food are excellent. I'm a low carber and they cater to my type. I almost always order the chili which is awesome. The chili and wings are an inexpensive meal with your choice of beer, golden. Can't go wrong with the burgers, I always ask to hold the bun. My biggest issue and the only reason why I dinged them to two stars was the service. Typically, I've had good service. Never been great but good enough. Tonight we had a young lady (don't remember her name but she had tattoos across her collarbone), she was friendly too but she was super slow. It took forever to get my wings and chili and it wasn't busy! She forgot my father's cocktail order. It was bad. 
I'll come back but not for the service and with lower expectations.
Oh my goodness I love this place if I lived closer I probably would be there all the time.  Sat outside bar area at night with the full moon on us and the fireplace going it was very pleasant experience and the Brewery beer samples were amazing.  I ordered the beer cheese soup and was amazed by how good it taste. Last time I ate cheese soup was in North Dakota and always wanted to find some here in Arizona. I would definitely go back to have my choice of brew beer and beer cheese soup. Our bartender was very helpful in helping us out with picking our favorite beer samples and suggesting food.
Bad beer, basic food, higher cost than value. Bar environment here is fine and nice outdoor into bar area but the beer here is no where near good. I did a flight and ordered a Green Flash at the end cause none of their beers would I have twice. Really hoping for a good local micro in this area of Phoenix but we're still waiting. Do yourself a favor if looking for good beer right here and just walk over Mellow.
The beer is ok.  The food is rather good for bar fare.  Having your dog come out to dinner with you on the patio is great.  Happy hour has some good deals with the sliders probably being my favorite.  There are lots of TVs but don't think of this as a sports bar or you'll be disappointed.  It's just a family restaurant that brews its own beer
This was my third visit to Uncle Bear's and most likely my last. The service was incredibly slow from the beginning.  My family arrived before me and asked to be seated at an outdoor patio table when one became available.  Two outdoor tables became available shortly after I arrived.  I watched the two tables being cleared and the girl at the reception desk hadn't notice the empty tables until my son said he'd bus the table if it meant we could be seated for lunch.  That's when the girl behind the desk said she was waiting for the table to be cleared and I told her they were cleared.  That's when she  picked up some menus and walked us to the outdoor patio.  

Justin was our server and he seemed new and completely out of his element--perhaps just learning or not the right job for him.  He asked if we wanted to order and I asked if they had a Sauvignon Blanc and he looked at me blankly so I told him it was a white wine and he said he didn't know and pointed to the drink menu and said "the wine is on there."  

I ordered the Asian chicken salad with dressing on the side: it came with the dressing on the salad.  Justin told me there was another one in the back and he'd get it for me and I said okay at first then thought it better to keep this one because there was no telling when he'd actually make it back to the table.  The chicken coating was so hard I could barely cut it with my knife.  Thankfully the lettuce was good or I wouldn't have had anything to eat.  My son had the fajitas and his tortillas were old, dry, and hard.  My daughter-in-law had the lettuce pork wraps and the lettuce was so wet her lap quickly filled with the excess water.  The only one at our table who did not have a complaint about their food was my four year-old granddaughter who ordered the cheese pizza.  When I suggested to my son that he ask for fresher tortillas, he said "no, I know as a former server what servers do to food that people send back.  I'll just eat the old and hard tortillas, but I don't like this place anymore."  

If it was possible to not have to select one star to post a review I would have done it.  This place didn't earn or deserve even one star today.
This dog-friendly bar has a great happy hour menu! Staff is all very friendly! Great place to sit back, watch sports and enjoy a beer :) Easily the best dog-friendly restaurant in Ahwatukee!
Beer is supposed to be cold right !?  I'm here with 3 other people and all of our beers are just barely cold.   Atmosphere is cool and food is not bad but the beer and not cold and that is a must go any beer drinker.  This is not Germany.
Fun environment great atmosphere awesome food good drinks tv's everywhere all the games and they have there own brewery doesn't get better than that
Spacious restaurant with great outdoor seating. Tried a house made wheat beer, other than being warm it was tasty. I hear some beer is meant to be served warm?...maybe that was one I picked? Meh. Not for me. Scrumptious french fries, even though they aren't fresh cut, they were crispy and awesome. The pulled pork was a bit sweet but still delicious....huge portions! The Mac n cheese and buffalo chicken pizza were also ordered at my table and looked awesome too. BF enjoyed his burger that was on special. OH! The most delicious chipotle mayo!! If you're into that kinda thing....you must order it.
Ok, the beer here is not mind blowing by any stretch, but to say it's horrible or disgusting is a far cry from the truth as well!
BTW Yelpers if you're going to trash beer here or anywhere else please say why you didn't like it! Saying it's disgusting and leaving it at that just shows your lack of credibility IMHO!
Again is the beer here mind blowing, no, is it well made, clean and free of off flavors yes it is!
So though it may not be the latest trend in yuppified Organic Beer, it is a nice stop in for a decent Beer in a decent atmosphere!
Can some of these brews be improved upon? Yes they can, but they are not disgusting either!
As a brewer I found them adequate and as I said well made! Clean and without flaws!
Did not eat here so cannot comment on the food!
Service was fine!
We ordered wings, queso,  mac n cheese, sloppy Joe and chicken tenders.  Not a very impressive order to be sure, but it still should've lived up to its typical standards.  But, it did not. 

While the wings were good and meaty, everything else feel way short.  The sloppy Joe was the consistency of wet dog food and did not taste good.  The Mac n cheese was flavor less ( it's bad when a 4 year old is asking for salt and pepper ).  The fries were battered and greasy.  The chicken tenders and the queso dip were decent though.

The wait staff was excellent; however,  this review is for the food alone.  Step up the quality of the food to match the high prices, and this place would be decent.  Good beer selection.
Definitely not impressed with the quality of the food here. I stopped in before catching a movie and wanted something simple. Got a turkey sandwich and the cheese soup...Both mediocre at best. The bread was not lightly toasted, rather soaked in oil from the grill. I got stomach pains from the grease about a half hour into the movie.  The turkey tasted super processed and was a strange hue of pink..far from what I was expecting. The soup was really bitter..A sign of too much beer in it. My friend got the mac and cheese, which was much better so if I go again I'll probably only get that.
Neat atmosphere.  They brew their own beer which you can see in the back.  Lot's of TV's to see what's going on in the sports world.

We ordered the pretzel and an appetizer.  It was really good.

I got the fish tacos which were just OK.  i should have known better than to order these from a non mexican food restaurant.  My son got the crunchy macaroni and cheese and liked it.  The wings were good too.

Lot's of tasty beers to choose from.  I got the sampler tray and tried a few of them.   They were all good.
This place has become my favorite Ahwatukee bar. We really needed something like this in the area. The beer here is always wonderful, my favorite is the Mandarin's Best Friend. It has an amazing citrus flavor and is so refreshing for the summer. 

I've tried close to everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. My favorite: blackened chicken sliders. Yum! 

Occasionally the service can be a little on the slow side, but if you're looking for a fun, relaxed placed to just hang out...Here it is.
First of all my service here was incredible. Our waiter was informative and had a great personality. We ordered nachos which were delicious (they weren't generous with it though. It's definitely a 1 person appetizer). The turkey avocado sandwiches were a bit on the greasy side and the sliders were excellent. They have delicious French fries too! I wasn't too crazy about the beer. I definitely love my dark beer but there was only 1 choice for that. It tasted a bit dull and the flavor just wasn't impressive. The mandarin beer was interesting and tangy! It's something I would drink from the sampler but not have a full cup of. After a few sips, it gets old. The ales were good but nothing to get too excited over.
I like the concept, but the execution is a bit lack luster. Friendly service, decent beer, average food. I'd still come back. Mutts nuts double IPA is too strong. BLT the bread and Chipotle mayo is great, but the bacon was over cooked. Great sounding grilled cheese was just OK... add tomatoes? The cole slaw was made yesterday and needed salt and pepper to taste better.
I absolutely loved this place! I ordered the Arizonan and my boyfriend got the prime rib sliders. Both were excellent. For an appetizer we ordered a pretzel which was soft and sooo good. They have pics of dogs everywhere and dogs are allowed on the patio so for an animal lover like me it's great. The service was awesome. Hosted greeted us with a smile and asked how our day was going. The waiter was friendly too. Nice place to relax, watch some games, and have some beers. We will definitely be back.
Oh OHSO...how do I love thee! You are near my house and now near my work and I am now certainly going to be fat from your bloody mary's and brisket and french fries. 

I am biased because the original OHSO has such a fantastic location and patio, but this is in an awesome center with an OK patio - in fact its kind of cool how they utilized the space. They kept with the bike theme and added some neat touches to accommodate the new place. The open kitchen is a fun touch - its so busy but they keep it clean and I love to see whats happening in there. 

The menu is similar but there are a bunch of different things on there which make me jealous that we don't have them at the other location. I stuck with my old favorite, the brisket, but my girlfriend got the waldorf wrap which was nice and refreshing. The guys got the brisket as well. Their bloody's are fantastic at both locations but this one offers a peppered bacon as the stirrer and man was that amazing! It melts in your mouth and I don't think I have ever drank one as fast as I did today.

Jon, the owner, was there chatting it up with everyone. He is such a great guy. I was impressed to see how busy the new location was since it was the first day today. This location is going to kill it and give Four Peaks a run for their money. Cannot wait to go back again!
Very cool atmosphere. Something this Scottsdale area definitely needed for those of us who work in the area. It's a nice get away from the work day.

Food is just fantastic! The burger + cheese is definitely worth trying even if it sounds simple. Fries were outstanding too. No complaints.
Great little spot for craft beer and home distilled liquor. Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Friendly and helpful staff great food at a reasonable price. Was there the second night open and it was very busy. Congratulations G. Also hear there is a new one coming on Tatum and Shea soon.
First off, I'm not sure how there are already comments on the quality of their distilled liqueur as it's not available here yet.  We came here on their second night open. It was a Saturday. The place was crowded and loud on the inside. They were out of one of the beers we tried to order. Overall, the food was just as good as the other location's and the service only seemed to be marginally better, which isn't saying much.  The food and drink selection is eclectic,  Pico de gallo on the pesto hummus, yucca chips, and basil in half of the signature drinks.  Despite the eclectic nature of the menu, nothing really jumped out at me.  I wish the snacky items were available outside of happy hour. Everything I tried was alright, and I'll probably come back once in a while after the opening hype has died down and the distillery is actually up and running.
Opening night...crazy busy! Our server didnt miss a beat though. The decor is hip and fun just like the crowd. Lots of patio diners brought their pooches. OHSO really caters to the 4 legged darlings with water bowls and fresh baked doggie biscuits. 

I thought the menu, and especially the appetizers, were over priced but oh well!
Great service, Awesome selection of cocktails and beer! Shared the olives, and Hummus which was delicious!  I enjoyed their version of the Moscow Mule because they have a house ginger mix.  Great Location!!
My first time at O.H.S.O. and it was a good experience. We had the beer brunch, which was a great deal with delicious food. The biscuits and gravy were great. The atmosphere is fun and the patio is superb. 

My only negative was the service. Our waitress didn't seem to know much about the menu and told us one price for a side and then charged us more. She also didn't ask how we wanted our eggs cooked, so my partner wasn't keen on the scrambled. Oh well, nothing awful, but definitely not a bonus for the place.

I will definitely be back and come for brunch, just will look for a different server.
I've been to their original location a few times and was excited to find out there was one opening up close to me! We went for brunch and it was fantastic. For $10 you get a large meal and one of their local beers or a huge mimosa. You seriously can't beat that deal!

I had the biscuits and gravy and it was delicious. I also had a bite or two of the Pan Purdue which is their french toast. It wasn't overly sweet or heavy. They forgot the fruit compote at first but brought some out when we inquired about it. Be sure they give it to you, it's great!

They do have a patio outside which is dog friendly. However, it's not as large as the Phoenix location. 

I hope more restaurants open a location in N. Scottsdale as it's so much more convenient than driving to Phoenix every time I want a great meal.
John was awesome, and Derek was a super sexy beer man. Me and the lil tina had a great time checking the new place out!
And you know, Summer, running the place like a boss!
we love this place, stumbled on it while looking for dog friendly venues and fell in love with it. We are there at least once a week, usually more. Great atmosphere and staff and great beer, what more could you ask for! We recommend it constantly, and every time we do we get rave reviews and thanks.
I would give 5 if I could. 3 if they were not so new. 

3 of us showed up yesterday, 5-22 about 8pm. We were greeted and seated inside in the corner. Which is fine if the corner had some design atmosphere. 

Really liked the menu style (design, layout, paper, items (lose the hyphens)). Ordered a couple OHSO cocktails. "Shhh" they were called. Refreshing! (still did not know our server's name until we asked after apps).  

Ordered the Steak and Fries app. About 5 minutes to the table. I could live on these...Happily! They are amazing. Once we finished the app, within 2 minutes our entrees arrived... Diablo burger Medium with OHSO sauce on side (Bloody Mary Mix, Horseradish, maybe some 1000 island or mayo mixed in) Good tangy flavor with some heat. I had to send back because the meat was rare and slapped me in the face. They did not do a re-fire, actually made a whole new burger (good work). A bit over medium. But good flavor and you can taste all the items perfectly. The bun, reminiscent of Kings Hawaiian Bread (soft but not sweet). Problem is the bottom holds a lot of weight, heat, juice and within 2 bites, it's completely in pieces. But I did slop up every crumb on the dish. Guest 2 had the same with side of ranch (I am a ranch fan... but it seemed to be kinda zingy like the Hidden Valley Farms, not like homemade buttermilk/mayo (the type you use on wings, pizza, fries, etc)). He had already killed his burger by the time mine arrived. Instructed me to flip it over to attempt to save the bun. Guest 3 had veggie burger sub fries for salad. I tasted the burger... one of the best veggie patties I have had in AZ and Los Angeles. 

Why the 4 and not the 5? - Decor seems lacking in some areas, there are visually cold spots in the building. Flow is not bad. Price points for some items are a bit high. I figure they will find the loss leaders soon and adjust. $100 for three burgers, 1 app, 1 beer, 2 cocktails.  There are other places with same quality and better deal, but it is NoSco!

BIG ISSUES: 
1) no true identifying uniforms to figure out who works there and who doesn't. Thus you find yourself visually confused as to who to ask a question.
2) timing timing timing... in a period of 15 minutes we had ordered, ate and looked at each other to figure out if we were going to get a second drink. Meaning, that the servers need to pace the kitchen, watch the tables, get more drinks to the guests, up that ticket avg. That timing is great for time-pressed lunch crowds. 

It should become a NoSco hotspot with a long lifespan. It's immediate competitors are: FourPeaks and TwinPeaks. (actually delete TwinPeaks, it's just terrible in so many ways). FourPeaks has the beer, the size, the longevity. But I think the two can co-exist happily and thrive. 

We will be back...
Four out of four people at our table had mistakes made with their food. Some were easy to amend (picking off onions, etc), some were not (burger slathered in undesirable sauce). Remedy took a while and everyone else was finished or nearly so by the time I got my corrected burger. One more umbrella on the outside patio would not go amiss either. Small selection on the menu. I'll give it another shot once they are more established, but not impressed thus far.
I have been here three times since the opening last week! I would say I am a big fan! We love their happy hour deals, that's mostly what we've come for. Their calamari and Ahi app is cooked to perfection! Their shrimp tacos are very tasty. N the Thai   hummus with cucumbers and carrots are very tasty but not spicy. I also love that they bring you cucumber water as soon as you arrive and are seated. The staff is all very friendly, and quite helpful if you're not sure what you're looking for. We will be coming here a lot of the next few months!!!
Came in this morning for their $10 brunch and beer special and was not disappointed. My wife and I sat on the patio and enjoyed a delicious OHSO hefeweizen, a cool and sweet mimosa, the steak and eggs burrito with guacamole and the lox and bagels.

The service was great, it seemed our waiter was always nearby to refill our drinks on the warm patio. Not long after we got there, they turned on the misters, which made the experience much more enjoyable. The food was delicious; the burrito was simple and savory, and my wife loved the lox (you build your own sandwich, which she likes better). For everything we got, $10/plate with beer is a fantastic deal!

I think the thing I like most about this place was the atmosphere. Every member of the staff were friendly, even bringing out water and snacks to the canine customers. The local beer selection is one of the best I've seen.

I highly recommend this place, we may be making OHSO a staple for our weekend brunches to come.
Great time and place! Food and drinks were awesome! Our server, Melissa, was friendly and helpful. Happy to have this location open now, we'll be back!
For being opened only two weeks, aside from service, all was good. The wait staff will get better in time (a little slow and inattentive) but the ambience, the beer, and the food were very good! 

They have brunch specials on Sat & Sun only for $10! My wife had the bratwurst and eggs. It was the best brat we ever had- not too spicy and much less gristled than others.

I had the Diablo Burger with a side salad. Cooked "no pink" with a great tasting sauce with chili peppers and pepper jack cheese. OHSO good!! 

Many beers to choose from including local faves. OHSO stands for Old Homebrewers Social Outlet. The beer is the reason they're here!
I've been to OHSO eatery a number of times so I'm not writing this review on one visit but on my general feeling.  I love the array of beer they have on tap - I always find something really good and then can't remember what it was.  The next time I have to start all over with finding my favorite. I have a feeling the quantity of beer consumed directly effects my ability to remember.

Here are the things I've tried:
Veggie Burger - delicious, love this one.  Not even a vegetarian but enjoy the heck out of it.

Gnocchi - YES!  Love it.  Heaven.

Beet Salad - good, but they forgot to add the goat cheese on this one so it did not achieve full deliciousness.

OHSO Rita Flatbread - not spectacular.  If you're going full bore on the carbs go for the gnocchi.

Spicy Green Chile Pulled Pork - very delicious and SPICY.  Get ready for a kick.

Biscuits and Beer Gravy - not my favorite.  Needed more gravy and the biscuits were pretty dry.  

I love the atmosphere of this place and bring your pups out to the back patio.  Great place to hang out and try a few beers (1, 2...10).
Came here today for brunch and I'm giving it 3 stars because the burger was decent and they had some good staff members. Our server Jann did not smile once or even introduce herself. I only know her name because it was on the tab... When she said thank you for coming in, she didn't even look at us. She didn't seem busy, just tired or something. Not once did she check on our food after we got it and we had to ask a busboy for our check. We also got the biscuits and gravy brunch deal that came with a mimosa. The gravy was barely warm and I wouldn't get it again. I could be because we came in around 1:30pm but I'm paying the same price as the customers coming in at 11am... It would make sense to provide the same quality unless that was just it. Maybe our server was hungover. I saw her take care of her other tables and still, not a smile. We'll come back, but we're not getting brunch or sitting in Jann's section. Should've sat at the bar. The bartender greeted us - not the hostess and he seemed nice and attentive.
HH ends at 6pm and we arrived at 6:02.  Our server told us it was technically after HH but said he'd be able to throw in a couple HH drinks for us if we'd like.  I got the Shandy which is a mix of citrus vodka, lemon juice, and beer.  It was delicious and refreshing on a hot afternoon! 

We ordered the brisket sandwich and pork carnitas tacos.  Both dishes were tasty and the portions were generous.

I'm happy they've opened a location in Scottsdale.  I want to try their backyard BBQ!
i swung in here yesterday for lunch .i took my spot at the bar i found the service excellent especially the beautiful young gal behind the bar very effeciant and proffesional . the menu is pretty much basic bar food lots of burgers , i scaned the menu 3/4 times looking for something that caught my eye but ended up having a burg which was good.
A a new go-to for my puppy and I!! 
Excellent food and brews. Get the kale pear salad with chicken!
Beer, real good. Burgers, awesome. Fries, yum. Service, decent although a bit slow. Overall, I like this place and will be coming back!
Great atmosphere menu and service !! Ohso stands for outrageous home brew social outpost ! Ya perfecto !
First time with a big group, and although they don't take reservations, we got in right away! Derek was our server and he did a great job getting through all of our food and drink orders. We are quite the group to try to get through, so he did a great job. Would recommend anyone to this place!
I LIKE IT!  

What's not to like: Taco plates and $6.00 small craft beer pitchers!
Nice ambience but hate the vegetarian food .. Specially the veg patty.. Tasteless and cold .. Felt like they just look out do deep freeze and did not heat up properly .. Also the food was served after 40 min !!! I love the other Ohso location but disappointed with this 1
Absolutely delicious. Cant wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
I love ohso! This new location is great, I love the pulled pork and the fact that I can bring my pup! Great beer as well!! Service is always excellent as well!
Love the west coast beach cruiser hipster vibe. Excellent choose of brews and great local ones! Fantastic service and bartenders are in too of it and always cleaning the bar :) love it and we will be back.
Awesome patio and delicious food. Pet friendly. We ordered burgers from the late night menu which starts at 10 pm. We also got pretzels which were small but really good. I was a fan of the extensive beer selection  especially my fav, Bells Oberon, which isn't found here very often. 

We loved the food, drinks, and atmosphere, but the service was super slow. That's my reason for three stars instead of four. These guys just opened though so we'll have to give them another try here soon. 

You really can't beat the price... two beers, two orders of pretzels, iced tea, and a burger and fries - $35.00!!
Good beer selection and a nice cocktail list. First time for brunch but lunch is always good! Dog friendly with pet snacks
I'm very glad this place opened up near my home.  I've gone here for brunch, lunch and dinner.  Each visit has been very pleasant with the staff and the food.  


Brunch:
I ordered the french toast and it wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still tasty.

Lunch: 
Hands down the Arizona Burger!  It never disappoints!  yom yom yom yom 

Dinner:
Arizona Burger once again! lol

The beers are also damn good.  The White Chocolate Ale is a fan favorite, but it's hard to pick a favorite when they have such a great selection.  

Happy hour is always busy!  So get there early to avoid a long wait for a table.  Everyone likes to hang out in the patio and at the bar.
They always have very fun and helpful bartenders.  Their selection of craft beers is one of the best in town.  Their HH appetizers are a little weak but their burger and bbq pork and brisket are very good.
Finally checked this place out and either many people are still doing the same or it's just that good! There was about a 30 minute wait on a Thursday night. My burger was good and there's plenty on the menu I'd love to go back and try. The patio is great, but it's too hot for that right now and they try to cool it down with misters and fans, but they've basically made the side tables unusable because they get soaked. 

The only thing I wasn't thrilled about was the service and the atmosphere - the servers blend in too much and just look like patrons. I get the relaxed look, but throw on an apron or something! Also, ours was MIA a lot. There were a lot of large groups - kids and drunk adults, essentially acting the same - which is just slightly obnoxious. It lacked the busy, but relaxed feel of Four Peaks, instead just feeling busy and chaotic. 

Also, any new bar coming to sleepy North Scottsdale creates a buzz, but this one disappointed just the same as the existing bars because they also close up at about midnight or 1am, even on weekends.
Very cool place with a comfortable atmosphere! Perfect place to grab late night drinks with friends or to go on a fun and relaxed date. Lots of home brews to choose from. You can also brew beer at their primary location!
I have been wanting to try this place for a while and am glad to see they opened up a spot near my office. We went after work one evening and were seated at a table inside near the entrance. The service was great for our group of 6 and the drinks and food were great! Do note that the menu on the website is for their main location and don't get your hopes up for the green chili pork sandwich :(

I ended up ordering the Arizona burger after we shared a couple of appetizers. I also indulged in a sangria and then switched to their white IPA which, for someone who doesn't like beer, was pretty good. I'm looking forward to trying them out again before I leave town.
This new location is big, Service was great! Cheeseburger Flatbread was good, lots of draft beer to choose from. Lunch and dinner specials change daily.  Guacamole is not made in restaurant and tastes straight out of the box but good service, beer and food made up for it.
This is a very large location with plenty of tv screens to show the latest sporting event which was nice.  The family and I have been here twice so far and had fair experiences both times.  Service has been good; however, the food is not as good as I would expect a typical bar and grill would be.  I ordered the French Dip my first time and a Bistro Burger the second time.  The fries that come with the meal was nothing special and both sandwiches were on the bland side, again, nothing special.  I had a craft brew on my first occasion and that was enjoyable.  I think this would be a good place for friends to meet up to watch a sporting event and maybe order a couple of appetizers.  The food doesn't make me want to return with the family.
We were thrilled that a new location was opening as we had stopped going to the Miller's in Town Square because it was continually over-crowded during the UFC Fights and people were just rude making it impossible to enjoy the fights. It's pretty much the same set-up as the other location but service was spot-on! Our server was very mindful of stopping by, refilling our drinks and making sure we were happy with our food. Tables were spaced out and we didn't feel like sardines during the UFC Fight. We did determine that, as non smokers, it's not a good idea to sit by the windows overlooking the patio area as the smokers seem to mingle right by the window even though the outside seating area is further away. 

My only complaint is that they have done away with the raw bar which, besides the UFC Fight, was the only  reason for visiting. I loved their raw oysters as they always tasted fresh--better than some of the high end restaurants we've visited. Please bring the raw bar back!!!
I want to give this place 2.5 stars - 3 is just too many. The service was ok, the server was new, which was fine, I just wish she knew the menu better. I really wanted to get the zingers (which they are known for...) but for some stupid reason I ordered the regular burger - it was tasteless, the onion rings were pretty good though. The calamari appetizer was the best part of the meal. I may try it again... I like 2nd chances. 

The others in my group had zingers and one friend had the meat loaf, which he said was ok - I guess it was also tasteless and dry.
Went to apply today at your restaurant. You've had an ad on Craigslist for 2 days. Went in to have the hostess tell me it was a mistake and to apply online. So you just like to waste everyone's time? If you can't manage a Craigslist post how do you manage a restaurant? What's horrible first impression. I don't need your job and you don't need my business.