Here is 1 of the local casino that I love playing when I come visit.  I never stayed here so my review is about the rest of the casino.  They have the machines I love (I play the 1 cent) and usually someone in my party wins something there.  Not always a huge amount but at least they win.  As for the tables, they're not bad either.  It's a lot cheaper here than playing at Green Valley or on the strip.  The Hooters here is like any other Hooters in CA.  The buffet is decent.  It's not the best and it's not the worst either.  Most of the time, we either at the buffet, fat burger, or at Sunset Cafe (which is open 24 hours).  Some of the cafe food isn't good like the cornbeef hash, but their steak and eggs are just like everyone's else steak and eggs in the other casinos.  Plus if you're tired of gambling, there is a shopping mall across the street.
Best local casino by far! Sunset has everything from a bowling alley to bingo to a movie theater. The players club is also the best in the valley. They always have free slot play every month and sent great coupons in the mail. The casino is very clean and spacious. 
The best secret are the late night specials (10pm on) at the cafe. You can get a full breakfast for 2.99!! The buffet is alright, but I'm not a huge fan of buffets. Sunset station is where the locals play, and for good reason.
i normally eat here on saturdays nights at the cafe.  so ill just review the cafe.  i thought it would be a problem, since the cafe is sorta an open area to the casino, so i thought we would smell cigarette smoke.  but we didnt, so that was good.  

food there is pretty good.  Not much of a selection, but what they lack in selection they make up for it in portions.  They have a teriyaki bowl (surprisingly good), rotisserie chicken, burgers, sandwiches, breakfast stuff, etc.  Nothing there really caught my eye, so i ordered an appetizer sampler and i was satisfied. 

the staff was pleasant, and she was very attentive.  We came here during the olympics, and we were able to see the swimming races as they have TVs spread out over the cafe. they also have keno, which i dont play, but if i did, i wouldve appreciated it being there at the table.

but overall, a really nice casino.  they have a movie theatre and a bowling alley (ive been there).  the mall is also across the street, along with Borders and B&N, target, old navy, a plethora of panda expresses and many other shopping places. anyways, if youre just visiting and have no desire to go to the strip, then this is a nice place to stay (other than GVR).
Well I'm leaving the hotel tomorow morning so I guess I'm technically still a guest, but oh well haha.

Beds are pretty comfortable, the shower has decent room and water pressure [I hate when hotel showers just drip, it's annoying n difficult], n my only complaint is that they have the cheapest toilet paper is the world--wtf is that about?

To get to the pool, get in the side entrance, n use the elevators requires your room key. Kinda weird in my opinion but I guess that's a good idea so random people can't just wander into the hotel or pool area. So safety-wise, a plus.

Oh, n there's a Starbucks on the Casino floor sooooo there are NO coffee pots in the hotel rooms and NO refrigerators. Kinda random. At least you have one of those ice cups if you wanna run down the hall to get ice for an ice chest or somethin.

Buffet style eating here is pretty good. They have a whole section for sugar-free deserts if you're concerned about that kinda thing. The buffet line is split into each type of food: Asian, Americana, Mexican, n Dessert!

Our hotel room was on a non-smoking floor which was nice. But there are also floors that allow smoking.....but if you smoke on a non-smoking floor there's a sign that says there will be a $100 violated fee haha so don't do it.

The pool in the back area of the hotel is about three feet deep but it's designed pretty cool almost like the edge overflows kinda like a fountain.

Hooter's, Regal Cinema's, n a bowling alley are attached to the hotel/casino. There's plenty of places around like Walmart n Target or Walgreen's to go get anything you might need outside of the hotel close by. Convenience is always great.

Overall, it's a good place to stay. Good for families n whoever else wants to stay. Oh n by the way, the downstairs casino area is decorated like it's outdoors---reminded me of an old Disneyland ride lol fake sky n etc!
This is my new favorite casino.

Very quiet, very nice-looking casino.  Low minimums on blackjack and craps ($5).  Friendly dealers.  And it has many of the slot machines I like:  Invaders from the Planet Moolah, Star Trek.

They have a card system that gives you money to play with as soon as you join.
This sation casino is outdate for me. The good think about it is what it has to offer locals. There the movie theatre, the bowling alley and my favorite thing, club madrid. On fridays it used to be you could see The WHIP its who are the coolest 80's throwback band. And yes you vant to touch his Monkey. :) :) Other then that i feel like i should be 50 years old in here.
My husband and I spent a few nights here before he left for Iraq. Since the military footed the bill, I cannot say anything about room rates. The room we stayed in faced a parking lot, but was on a high enough floor to still give us a great view. The windows in the room were huge! Not like the fake ones you find in a cheaper hotel, where the curtains make you think there's more window than there really is.
The casino area was bright and roomy. It made me feel like we were outside in the sunshine, even thought I knew it was already dark outside. 
We tried two of the hotel's restaurants: The Sonoma (Cellar?) Steakhouse, which is on the very expensive end, and the cafe that served breakfast at a decent price. I can't remember the name, sorry. Breakfast was great though. 
I know the hotel has a pool, too, but we didn't try it out. We spent alot of time in our room.
Another great benefit to the hotel, is that it's so close to so many things to do. One of the malls is just across the street, and Last Shot Tattoo (great place, too) isn't far either. All-in-all, I think this is a great place. :)
You can't beat $40 a night on a weekday with a stick.  The room was clean and attractive, the exercise room is sufficient.  The buffet is an awesome deal, $14 for dinner (cheaper if you join the club) and the food was decent enough.
Soo, I met the bf's parents we went to Vegas and this was our first stop! After the parents picked us up, they drove us to this hotel. I really liked this place because it's newly renovated, clean, and cheap! They had a lot of slot machines that were the nickel machines and they were loose, too, compare to the fancier hotels at the strip. I noticed the tables had low minimums, too!  Although this hotel is away from the strip, it wasn't a bad drive if you want to stay here over night. Stay away from the buffet, though.. it wasn't that good! Get their Preferred Card, you get points and win some cool prizes! I didn't get to stay for the drawing, though.
I canot comment on room...did not stay...but after bad experience at hotel I stayed...may consider next time....oh wait a minute there's a $10 "resort" fee added to room per night...probably will pass.

Did gamble quite a bit...went for Monday night football for third year in a row when bears played vikings....$1 dogs and beer....good deal....went back 2 nights later to bet sports and play craps....dealers were friendly and won $200...cocktail servers at craps were efficient...but one at sports book on Monday I tried to get a beerr but she wouldn't serve unless I had a drink ticket...she called me honey...you're not my honey you don't know me....my bad lesson learned for next time.

This was my base casino when my friend lived there nearby..he moved away...very good poker machines and craps and not near as crowded as strip or downtown....joined Station players club 2 years ago
Been going to Sunset for years now and consider it one of the best off strip resorts in Vegas. 

Sure; Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and M are a little newer and appeal to the young crowd but there will always be something about the relaxed decor, buffet, Ben & Jerrys, and Regal movie theatre that I will always enjoy.
This place was great!!! I was there this past weekend and enjoyed every minute spent at the location. The buffet is awesome, affordable and delicious. We had a suite on the 8th floor, rm 827. Very affordable, great service, nice clean rooms. Will re visit in December!!!
No 5 star rating because there was a convenience fee and it was not on the strip other than that a definite place to visit.
Rosalita's Cantina @ Sunset Station 
Best Mojito I've ever had!!! 
We went on a Sunday for the happy hour at Rosalita's Cantina. Our bartender "Sosa" was top notch. He had a great sense of humor and establishes exceptional rapport with the guests. Being a Cuban native he smiled when I asked for a Mojito....and said "you make me feel at home, this is our drink! " It truly was his drink!! I've had Mojitos in some of the best Cuban and Caribbean restaurants in NY, and his topped them all. I look forward to going back for happy hour.
NOTE: THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTEL

Our room was in a far wing of the hotel and once you got to the Coco's Restaurant (which was nearly always empty) you could actually kind of breathe and not smell the cigarette smoke that casts a pall over the entire lobby/casino area. 

Just about the only things I liked at the hotel were the Tarocco Sicilian red orange toiletries (Shampoo, conditioner and hand cream) in our room, the room's decor (tasteful and not quite dated but clearly from the 1990's) and the fact that they had a decent movie theater.

The cigarette smoke in this hotel choked us every time we entered. The pool wasn't heated and was an outdoor pool, though it looked like it would be nice if it were warmer weather. It was closed the first night we were there and too cold to get in the next day based on other guests remarks.

Our bathroom smelled like cigarettes on our last day there, like the odor was seeping through the ventilation. The beds were some of the most uncomfortable I've slept on. I woke up several times in the night with pain in my back from the sagging mattress. The 2nd night I took a sleeping pill just so I could be knocked out and get some rest it was that bad. The buffet was pretty much inedible, unless you like doughnuts and strawberry yogurt. Lots of variety, all kinds of food - but lacking in flavor of any kind. None of us liked it and teenagers will eat anything, so that's saying a lot.

It was especially sad/pathetic to see so many elderly people mesmerized by the slot machines spending away their Social Security checks, yikes! 

I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to, I'm sure there are nicer places in Las Vegas.
So.... I'm reviewing this place based on the event held there... Punk Rock Bowling. First off, I would like to state that they really seem to appreciate their guests and their security is quite resonable... even with punk rockers shinanigans and I think they understood many things were in silly fun.

Their night manager was superb! He assisted me with a matter and assured me that the problem would be dealt with any means possible and I was EXTREMELY satisfied with the service! Every member of the staff was there if I had any needs, everything from management, security, room service and even the maid staff!

I enjoyed the ability to drink and smoke at leisure and not feel bogged down by extensive rules... although my only negative expierence was while exiting towards the bowling alley, the area suddenly becomes non-smoking, which I was not aware of. I saw several old friends and starting chatting when a security officer told me it was non- smoking. I said okay and started walking into the bowling alley to put out my cigerette in the trash can, which he followed me then told me that I had to leave the building cause I had smoked... despite that I was walking to throw my cigerette away and it was already in the trash. It was so stupid. So instead of grabbing my friend from the bowling alley, cause I was rudely told that I had to leave that second, I ended up leaving by myelf cause I couldn't get my friend. 

But since I was staying in the hotel it was dumb and only this one person with a bug up his butt.

All and all... this place was cool for PRB. The buffet is sorta gross and WAY over priced at almost $17 bucks. Nothing was good, but if you needed to soak up alcohol with large amounts of food, then this is the place.

I wish the bar had cheaper drinks. I ordered 3 shots and my friends were blown away when it was over 22 bucks and he charged me 2 bucks for a chaser.
I went there this weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and it was Awesome! It is pretty big but it is not that crowded. Everything you need is around the Sunset Station. You have a huge choice of restaurants to choose from. There is a mall across the street and there is also a Wal-Mart and Best Buy. The Casino has about everything you want and if you do want to go to Vegas it is about 20 min away. So your good no matter what.
Buffet attendant brought out fresh prime rib for me, and it was the most juicy, tender, and generous cut I've had in Vegas yet.  The $15 price was covered by the cut, mashed potatoes, and broccoli alone.
REVIEW OF: MOVIE THEATER

I went here to see Prince of Persia. Got there and the line was like 12 deep with one guy working the register (slowly...lol) I could tell we were going to be there a min but it was ok, the company more than made up for the long wait. 

We got our tickets and moved to grab a bite of something...We ordered the mini dogs but for some strange reason they had to call a "manager" before they could tell us if we could order them...ok, no prob. Let's just do the regular dogs, ok?  "Ok....wait is it ok if I microwave one, because we only have 1 cooked now?!" LOL... Ok, sure, I said (I was hungry, and we just wanted to watch the movie) so we got that and 2 drinks and luke warm cheese sauce. I was looking for mustard, relish etc. Finally I found the cart of packets..lol. No straws anywhere....had to ask them for 2 and finally just grabbed 2 from a stack because they were not paying attention. 

Off to the movies =) we get to our theater and go inside....WOW - This is a small (no tiny) theater! I mean like 10 rows on top (if that) and 5 below. It was packed too. We got a decent spot to sit in, but the seats were horrible. My back was killing me the whole movie and then some. 

The movie was great but if it had not been for my company and the movie being as good as it was (I am a fan of the game and this movie was killer imo) I would not have been able to deal with the experience. 3 stars is the most I can muster up folks.


P.S. The walk through of the casino was nice, the only downside for me, was all the damn smoke. LOL. And getting a cab was rather quick.
BEWARE of the hidden amenity fee. At first look, the rooms seem so cheap, but then also add onto that price an addiitonal $16 for an amenity fee that they automatically charge you even if you don't want to use their internet. 

That's the only reason why Sunset Station gets 4 stars. Other than that, the rooms are very clean, new looking, and nice. The casino tables have low minimums which is nice.

Also, the hotel is huge! It has a movie theater, starbucks, and tons of restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a quieter place to stay away from the strip
I go here to Cash my paychecks and with most Station Casinos the Cashiers are friendly. The Valet's were friendly though over worked because they needed more of them. Having not been to the buffet in a while. It was good and they redone it. I recommend it to people. They have Gelato which i didnt try but the desserts were good. Bread Pudding was awesome.
Let me begin by stating that the Sunset Station is my home away from home...literally. I once spent 3 weeks in a row here while on an extended business trip. With that said, the Sunset Station has plenty to offer and kept me entertained , even while couped up in the same hotel for almost a month. 

The rooms are nice and big, though a little dated (The hotel hallways feel a little like the lodge in the movie "The Shining" to me. I fully expected to see those creepy twins pop out at any time). The price for rooms is very reasonable, especially during the week. Do be aware of the "Hotel Amenity Fee," which is automatically added to the room price. It is usually in the neighborhood of $15 per night and will give you access to the hotel Wi-Fi in your room among other things. 

The casino is great in my opinion. It has one of those fake sky ceilings, which gives the whole place a more airy feel. The look of the place is modeled after a Spanish/Barcelona setting. The best part is the Gaudi Bar in the middle of the casino, where all the table games are located. Modeled after the architecture of its namesake, it creates a very pleasing environment to lose money.  The dealers are very friendly.

The Sunset Station is more than a casino, with several restaurants, a movie theater, bowling alley, and even a huge play area to drop the kids off at while you go gamble away their college funds.

I recommend this place to all my friends and family when visiting the Las Vegas/Henderson area.
This is a review of Coco's in the Sunset:..OMG just stay away. First you have to walk thru a smoke infested casino.  This is just a dated casino coffee shop, re-branded under the Coco's names. It's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened. Coco's menu nice with lots of selections, nothing complex as far as offerings. Service here it gets really good! Basically a non-inolved staff, just putting in time with an attitude. Clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work. Kept breezing by saying our order is due up any minute....Finally arrives 45 minutes after taking our order. Stated it just came up on the serving table. Order was cold, slab of curled swiss cheese on my omlet, cold toast. We just got up and left. Before we left asked to speak to manager...Ha...explained situtation to another wait staff member...she blantly stated they couldn't do anything thats just the way it is...Don't waste 1 hour of your life..lots of other choices in the area....give Marie Callendars a try, right down the street.
This was probably the first thoughtful Stations casino designed with an artful eye- showcasing elements not usually found in your typical casino.
Beautiful spanish/mediterranean tile- I love this the most about this casino. The colors are gorgeous. The restaurants: Hooters- ate here once, the shrimp is delish, Oyster Bar- very good- ate here many many times, the Buffet- just ok for me, Ben & Jerry's- yummy combinations, Fatburger (my favorite fast food burger place). The amenities: Amphitheater- saw an all-star Jazz concert featuring Dav Koz and friends; general admission- had a great time here with my co-workers/friends, Cinemas- watched many movies here, the Lounge- small but fun- saw the Spazmatics here. It's a very good casino in the Henderson area with lots to offer.
I think this is about 15-20 minutes from Las Vegas strip or airport. I stayed here for a business trip. I got a super sweet upgrade to a suite...way more than I expected. The room was pretty cheap too, but beware of amenity fee. ALso has a hooters, movie theater and bar in hotel. Had fun and I will remember this place when I come back for fun not work.
CASINO: This casino is about 3-4 mintues from my house so as you can imagine this is the casino we frequent most often. They have beautiful artwork here (same guy that does the glass @ the Bellagio does it here but you cant take pics of it b/c they think ur cheating somehow? There goes a star!

ENTERTAINMENT: This is a pretty big place and it has within it a daycare, movie theatre, bowling alley, and Club Madrid that never has a cover charge and has weekly night live bands. I saw Nawgahyde here which was awesome (almost as good as the 80s tribute bands @ Fortune Casino on Racetrack)

RESTAURANTS: 

hooters: u already know them

Guadalajara Bar & Grill: the best mex. restaurant you've probably never been to. I'd been to Sunset about 50x before I ate here and boy was I wow'd. See my review for them separately under the rest. name. I went here to celebrate my 1st A in Anatomy & Physiology. TIP: order the Cadillac Marg. its worth it for the extra $3. Dont go for quantity go for quality. and be sure to try all the salsas available.

viva salsa: my bf liked it. fast food type- order @ the window & eat in the courtyard

Oyster Bar: had a great caesar salad here but dont get shrimp - its that nasty $4.00 big bag of the tinest pink shrimp uve ever seen. nasty. better to get the chowder.

Italian place & wine cellar place - never had it either one
COCO'S: Great breakfast. WAAAAY BETTER THAN IHOP & DENNY'S COMBINED.  i liked it better than omlet house b/c it has a healthy fare section w/ dishes under 500 calories!

Subway: brand new - they closed the quiznos for this - smart move!
Panda Express: standard fare
Fatburger: it was good the 1st time I had it but 2nd time just too greasy for my taste
Sbarro: standard fare - just not my deal

The Feast: This is where I spent my Thanksgiving in line for a . long. time. Didnt have a watch but it was worth it once we got in. The 2 of us ate thanksgiving w/ no left overs to tempt me - and it was delicious. they even had menudo! Desserts werent great i'll admit- only the pumpkin pie was worth more than 1 bite. This place was almost as good as the Orleans... almost. I'd defintely go back provided I went jogging earlier that day. for a few hrs!
Im a fan of sunset station :) I have to admit I was a little sketchy on staying here for the first time.

But the rooms are pretty big :) I like that the sink area and the shower/toilet is seperated. The beds are nice as well :)

The negatives, the shower is not to my liking. I can see that they are using the shower heads that save on water usage, but it's set to low in the wall. I have a hard time trying to take a good shower :( 
Also the toilet sounds like its going to suck you in when you flush haha :)

Another negative I saw was the lighting in the room. When I first walked in I turned on the light switchs next to the door, and it only lit the bathroom area. And it was very dark in the bedroom side. Had to scrounge to find the lights for the bed area. 2 switches next to the bed, a lamp in between, and a lamp on the corner by the window. I think the lamp by the window should be connected to the light switch by the door. Or atleast have another light switch by the entrance into te bedroom to turn on some lighting.

Other the that it was great :) great facilitys like the bowling alley, the buffet, and the oyster bar just is the icing on the cake :)

Looking forward to staying here again in the near future :)
It's close to home, it has food, gaming and movies. Yeah, we go here to rock our socks from time to time. Its nothing special when it comes to Las Vegas Casinos. Nothing fancy or shiny. Its like an old car, still works, still gets the job done without all the bells and whistles. 

They have a lot to do and plenty of places to eat. We often stop for icecream or a Fat burger. We usually always go to the movies at their regal cinemas as well. 

Sunset Station to me is like the weird friend you had in high school that you wish no one knew you hung out with from time to time...especially since you enjoy your time together. Yeah, thats how I feel about Sunset Station. Hahaha
great for games
me and a bunch of friends met there for Sunday brunch. we have the boarding pass cards so it was discounted. i believe it came to like 10 bucks. the place was spot on clean. the waiter was right on with more Mimosa's. the food was great. and we spent maybe 15 min in line. maybe. i would highly recommend this to anyone. the other thing i love is that it is only a 10 min drive from my place. i have gone to the theaters there and a few of the other restaurants. i am still impressed with the stained glass above the table games.
Every once in a while I'll meet my Henderson friends here for a drink or three.  We enjoy meeting here because it's a fun place to meetup.  We'll head to one of the bars and have a Beer and for the gamblers in the group, they enjoy the huge selection of Video Poker machines offered.

Since I don't gamble, I stick around the bar area and people watch....good times.

The casino is always kept clean and the employees are mostly friendly.  The only thing I don't like is parking....I prefer the parking garage in the back of the property rather than the surface lot, which seems to be a magnet for road ragers.

Return Factor - 40%.....only because I live on the other side of town.
The hotel room itself was excellent, large, roomy and clean.  The meals at the buffet was average but the coffee shop meals were of good value and large portions.  The hotel front desk was of no help, even though my reservations had the room and breakfast included.  They would not honor the breakfast and stated that it was my problem to solve with Hotwire whom I made the reservations with.  Even when they printed out my reservations at the front desk, it stated with meals.  This I thought was a little under handed by the hotel to accept the reservations and then to spring it on you when you check in is a bit unethical, in my opinion.  To rub salt in the wound, they charged me resort fee of about $17.00 per night and didn't get anything for it because I didn't hang around the hotel too much.  Still manage to have a good time here because we were determined not to let anything get in our way of having a good time.
This is a great place for locals. Tourist may not enjoy it as much. It is a good place to gamble. I usually either win or break even, but I don't go crazy gambling either. Everyone is nice from the waitresses to the table dealers.
Great place to stay. This was the best lodging I have had since traveling to Las Vegas for business. Large rooms that are more like a suite than a hotel room. There was no smell of smoke in the room or casino. 

The only complaint would be the wind whistle from the window that sounded like a haunted house sound track.
The Cafe in Sunset is easily the best of the Henderson area. The shrimp cocktail inside is a must. The Mexican restaurant is great as well with the massive salsa bar. I've never had any problems with the casino.
This is my old stomping ground...The bowling Alley is amazing, I think it's 72 lanes...the buffet was renovated and looks better, the food is like any other buffet.  The movie theater is a convenient place to go, they have iMax but not TRUE iMax. The table games are nicely placed in the center of the casino and have nice local limits. The dealers are real nice and friendly.  Kids Quest helps parents babysit their kids if they want to gamble.
The buffet at this casino is pretty damn good! 

As for the slot machines and poker machines, they are so tight I think they squeak when I walk by! 

My aunt and uncle are Million Point members and have way too many points that they can ever think of using so we always end up eating here when visiting the family in town. 

The food is always hot and in constant rotation. I have yet to meet a dry piece of chicken. Their salad bar is really fresh and clean. I like the dessert bar the best as it has Caramel Creme Ice Cream. The hubby got a scoop and I almost had to knock him out to get another bite. It was that good! I really like that they have an "international" flair to theif buffet because then it doesn't get boring.

I am sure that I wil be back for a buffet next time I am in town as my aunt and uncle will not eat anywhere else.
Great gambling and great affordable restaurants and friendly staff and gorgeous cocktail servers. Buffet is great !!!
My family and I usually stay there twice a year while on a boating trip to Lake Mead, never had a bad experience, until last weekend! While on vacation my husband and I request a smoking room, because we smoke when we drink and gamble and requested such when making our reservation. When we checked in they told us there were not any available. Now I've stayed there plenty of times and have never had this happen before, so I called down to the front desk and inquired as to why my reservation request was not filled. I find it highly unlikely that they could not figure something out, it's a very large hotel! They very snottily told me that it was based on availability and there was nothing they could do...really, then why make a reservation? Then the remote control on our TV didn't work, then the temperature gage on the shower wasn't working, either freezing cold or scalding hot, and the vent in the shower was missing so it was a disgusting dusty mess. Shortly after my scorching shower I went to get a water from the vending machine and guess what....it wasn't working! Really? After several more calls down to the front desk I realized I was wasting my time. Invest a little fixer up money on keeping things in working order and employees who aren't rude, self-important, power tripping pains in the butt! 

On a far more pleasant note we dined at the Mexican restaurant and the Italian restaurant located on the property and both had fantastic food and service. The cafe was pretty good too!
Enjoyed my stat in the hotel. Pool was nice, casino staff was nice and fun. Buffet was pretty good and the two free drinks at the main bar were a perk. The amenity fee is absurd and that's why it only gets four stars.
Review is for the casino/sportsbook only:

This place is quite nice.  On the inside it reminds me of the Paris with the "sky" designed ceilings.  The video poker here is pretty decent (comps are lame just like most Stations Casinos) and for me.....the Sportsbook is the draw.

Unfortunately, with as much as I like about it.....the distance from anything stinks.  It's a nice drive from Green Valley Ranch, LV Blvd, Downtown and 10+ minutes from Boulder Highway (Sam's Town, Boulder Station, Eastside Cannery).  

What makes up for it, is that it is quiet and cosy.  The Sportsbook is one of my favorites now due to the comfortable leather seats (better than some sportsbooks on the strip/near strip) and the posted odds aren't half bad.  They have better lines than MGM Resorts sportsbooks do.

If you're a local this is a place for you, if you're driving by as a tourist.....stop in for a few minutes.  It isn't as nice as Red Rock Spa & Casino or Green Valley Ranch, but it's still on the decent "tier" of Stations  Casinos.
On one of our trips between Phoenix and Reno we stayed here. It would not have been the usual stop for us but we had business with in one block and figured why not.

We were very pleased with the hotel and casino. Reception was polite and had a room ready when we arrived
The room it self was a decent size and decor. All areas were clean and comfortable.

I am one of those who dislike being presented with a resort fee. Everyone is doing it, but I still find it unacceptable. I use nothing that would fall under this fee as stated, so we are paying for what? But we got this room so unbelievably cheap It really did not matter.
This casino is a bit ways from where my brother and sister live. So we only went to this casino once only because we went to the mall down the street and came here just so we can wait till traffic dies down. Anyways this casino is a bit small and had the feeling of an old casino not much of the hotel/casinos on the strip. I played a little bit of paigow here but didn't feel a bit comfortable playing their one bit. I wasn't too sure what it was but it just kept me from rating this well.

This casino did have a Kids Quest, but my son said it was small and boring compared to all the others he's been too. So I guess this isn't the place to take your kids if you had a choice.
I received a deal to stay at this location and was very anxious for 10 great days in Vegas. 
We had three issues. 
1. They put us in a room and made use move a day later because they had scheduled maintenance for the 21st floor. They had to paint all the doors. So we had to pack all our belongings and move 4 floors down. We were not told about this on check-in.  We got a message on our phone on the second day.
2. They have WiFi, but you can't access it in the common area's unless you're at the hotel for a conventions. I work and it would be.great to access the Internet anywhere in the hotel. I don't mind paying extra, but it isn't an option. I turned off WiFi on my phone and computer and used my phone as a mobile hot spot. 
3. They close the cafe every Sunday from 8PM to 11PM at which time they move the menu to another location in the hotel. Why don't they move the menu first, then close the cafe for 3 hours? 
Overall, the employee's are very friendly, but management sucks!  I tried to contact management at least 3 or 4 times and they weren't available, so thats why I'm warning everyone on Yelp.
I happen to like the Lomi Lomi that is offered at their buffet. The Lomi Lomi is prepared using fresh salmon marinated in authentic Samoan style.  Someone actually pays attention to authenticity!

The locals know the machines and which ones pay off.  They literally own the seats in front of those machines.  Table games are the only game here.

I did find one video Jacks or Better that pays 9/6 which is rare in Henderson or in Las Vegas

Rooms and accommodation. Don't look for anything great unless you pay for the suites.  Over all, this is a budget hotel casino.
I love this local casino and I'm not sure why. The layout is confusing at first but once u find yourself the landmarks spots it's easy to navigate. I've stayed in the rooms before when y parents would visit, nothing posh but I do appreciate a clean room and decent size. 

What I also like about this place is the upgraded movie theatre, hooters, and I absolutely love the bowling arena. I played $3.75 bowling but I do know they have $1.50 bowling as well . Cosmic bowling was super fun plus if u have kids playing with you you can set up the bumpers to go up when it's their turn to bowl! Super neat!!! California bowling is so expensive so I appreciate this place!!!
I couldn't deceide wheter to give this hotel a 3 or 4 star.  Let's say it's a 3,5 star.

We come here for a couple of years now and there are a few reasons why we keep coming back:

1.  We hate the strip.  We love the greater area of Las Vegas, but just avoid the touristy, fake, want to take all your money strip as much as possible (there are some places to eat we love though).  Sunset Station is far far away from all that sh....
2. We started to hate downtown hotels to.  Years ago, Fremont street was a good alternative to stay.  It wasn't as busy, especially during weekdays.  Hotels were cheaper, well just a good value.  If you know where to go, you can find good eats there.  And when gambling you don't spend as much as you would on the strip.
3. Even though you might think it's rather remote, it really isn't.  It's minutes away from the airport and car rental terminal.  Using the highway you're pretty quickly downtown.  It's close to the outlet mall (formerly known as Belz).  Galleria is accross the street.  Not to far from downtown Henderson, where the absloute cool bar 'Gold Mine Tavern' is located.  I think you get the point here...
4. Plenty of activities under one roof: there's bowling, movie theatre, Hooters (is that an activity?), of course gambling (still 1c video poker), a pool...
5. It's a bit more expensive then Downtown hotel rooms, but a lot cheaper then a room on the strip.
6. Plenty of places to eat in the surrounding area.

Now for the downsides:

1. You need a car.  I know most people will have a car, but I do now that there are Europeans who come to Vegas the first time will not rent a car and getting around in cabs.  It's simple: if you don't have a car, don't stay here or you will spend a fortune on cabs or spending your entire vacation in this hotel.
2. We come here for several years now (twece a year) and the hotel is showing some 'age issues'.  It's still OK, but they should consider renovation anytime soon.
3. Don't forget there's a RESORT FEE of 14,95$ a night no matter how you book your room!!!  Every website mensions it, but it's easy to miss.


As you can see, we have more reasons to come here then to book some place else.  Wheter you want to book a room here or not depends on what you expect from a stay in vegas and what you expect from a hotel room.
There is something about coming to this Station Casino that I love. It could be because it's just walking distance from me. It could be because every single time I go there I always have a fantastic time. It could be because I love the Station Casino commercials. All I know is, whenever my visiting friends and family come here they always enjoy this place more than going to "strip" casinos.
A decent hotel at a reasonable price.  The pool is set up for kids (not very deep with a very shallow, wading pool end).  The only problem we had was smoke odor.  It was coming into the bathroom from the vent.  My brother had to switch rooms at first because the odor was so strong.
This is a "We Love Locals" casino, and what they really love is very old locals, not that there is anything wrong with that, if you're really old or enjoy the company of the really old.  I'm pretty old, so I'm comfortable with that.  

The casino is deceptively large.  I was with my wife, and when we gamble together we play slots.  Most of the slots here are the kind that cost a lot of pennies and have about twenty-five odd characters on the screen.  Also,  there's a huge percentage of video poker machines.  We enjoy the games that have the diamonds and standard slot icons, oh, and also butterflies.  There were very few games that we played there, but we beat them pretty hard and didn't win.  Poker room looked nice, but I didn't go.  Best part of the casino was the cocktail service - adequately staffed with hard-working friendly waitresses who kept them coming.  

The hotel was okay.  Front desk staff was outstanding, friendly, and competent.  We had a comp room and upgraded it online to a deluxe room.  It looked nice but instead of a king bed we had what I assumed was two queens.  It wasn't until I fell into bed with my wife that I realized they were double beds.  So for an extra $20 a night, I got a half a bed.  (Not complaining, Honey)  Other important room amenities passed the test. There were two vanity areas in the bathroom, on opposite sides of the room, so you can stare at your roommate's back side through the mirror while you're brushing your teeth.  Shower head and water pressure were good (important to me).  Toilet had a hydraulic power-flush (TMI?).  

Restaurants.  We had two breakfasts at the buffet.  Buffet is incredibly inexpensive and certainly a daily stop for many locals.  Breakfast was very adequate and comparable to more expensive alternatives.  We had one dinner at the Italian restaurant, and I thought it was great.  The waiter was cool, knowledgable about his wines and the menu.  Food and wine were excellent and relatively inexpensive.  I would eat there again, but I probably won't stay there again soon, so I guess I won't eat there again.  

The pool.  This was kind of weird.  They have a huge pool with a very intricate design, like a big fish.  Couple of negatives here, however.  The pool isn't heated, and there is no jacuzzi/whirlpool.  Bummer. They have a bar set up in a palapa, and the drinks were inexpensive and the bartender was very customer friendly.  

Overall, the Sunset Station is pretty good.  It's not really a fun place, but it is an inexpensive place to eat, drink, and sleep.  I may give it another go in about, say, ten years.
I'm rating this a three star for my overall experience with this casino in general. The first time I've ever been here was just for the buffet. The BF said he's come here since a child with his family and they had the "best" buffet. EH, yea, I'm sure it was back in the days!! It was mediocre. The reason why I'm giving it a three star instead of a one or two is because they had these two amazing ladies who helped us sign up for their rewards program. They were so attentive yet not pushy like the other "younger" strip casino waitresses. 

Besides all of the above, I would not stay at this hotel again. I only stayed in Vegas for one night, it was cheap, but saving the extra $40 wasn't worth it. The bed was HARD, the room service and front desk people were not friendly whatsoever. I mean, what happened to those two ladies a year ago?! They also never explained what the room charges were. There were two different taxes, the $14.99 amenity charge which were DID NOT use - asked them if they could waive it because their WIFI didn't even work!! it was SLOWER THAN A SNAIL..... 

OH their shower head leaks and sprays water EVERYWHERE and if you didn't know what the hell to do, you're basically SOL (you had to turn the shower head left and right so stop the spraying. As for LADIES, beware, they have the worse lighting to do make up - it's a incandescent light which makes it yellow, but it was the worse one ever to where, you couldn't even tell if your foundation/powder blended well, so that was a total bummer to go out without knowing if my make up was ok or not. 

The only reason why we really take this 20 min drive out this way, is because we like the outside environment. It makes it feel like you're home because the grocery store, CVS, local restaurants are all down the same street. Beats spending a fortune for one meal. 

Although, I wish they had a microwave/fridge in their deluxe rooms. EH, like I mentioned before, this was a BUST. Will not stay here again..AND I change my mind, it's now a 2 instead of a 3. That's how sad I am about this place. Such a disappointment.
Yes I am still a fan.
Sitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet DO NOT LET THEM GIVE YOU A ROOM WITH A CONNECTING DOOR,,,, EEEE GADS.
Its a vegas casino, there is really nothing special, it has a movie theater, some average casino food and an average vegas hotel.
Buffet only review.   Horrible food.  Really dreadful.  It gets 2 stars because the place was acceptably clean, and it was cheap.  The casino is similar to other Station casinos around town, but parking and way finding here is not quite as good as Fiesta or Texas Stations, which are similarly suburban locations.
I came here with my marching band like my school's MB does every year they go to Vegas and I loved it! The food at the buffet was excellent! Even the other fast food places downstairs were great! There's even a movie theater and an arcade, it was great when we didn't have anything to do. The rooms are nice for the pricing! Would rather stay here than anywhere in Vegas (on my budget haha)
And the parking lot was huge and empty! We made a fake football field out there and rehearsed out field show.  I really liked staying here and I'm coming back with my family!
i tell my staff you can't be number one if you treat your customers like number two. (that is number two as in poop). well sunset station definitively treated a bunch of us like number two last week.

i am very disappointed to make this update to my previous review but the events of last weekend and this week have prompted me. my daughter was married last weekend and we decided to have everyone stay at sunset, even mom and i spent four nights there (so we would be close to friends and family and didn't have to do extra driving.) we booked about 12 rooms and for that they upgraded my daughter and husband to a suite...well actually a jr suite which is really a regular room with a couch instead of a desk.  edc was going on and the hotel was sold out so for the rooms we rented and everything else we did at their property they gave us $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to my daughter, big deal. their motto everywhere is "we love locals." are you like me, can you just feel the love here with the $2 discount? you know....seriously, i tipped the room cleaning staff more than that. you know i accepted that going in but i guess the the frustration came from the past five days getting the bills correct (was surprisingly hard to get the $2 that was promised) there were a few other issues on the bill but it was way more work than it should have been to get corrected. along the way i even got a "sorry that's not my job" email from one of the staff. 

okay from the beginning i felt that $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to a jr suite (not a real suite) for my daughter was a little cheap of them when we were renting a dozen rooms and staying on property. maybe i am wrong but i don't think the edc crowd does a lot of gaming, i know our group did, as well as eat and drink on property. (i think the bill at hooters alone was between $500 and $1000) the treatment i received was certainly not indicative of an organization that really does love locals. ever feel like a chump for recommending someone or something then they treat you like crap? yeah, well that is me right now.

i will say that when i escalated the bill issue to the gm it did get handled immediately and for my inconvenience they offered my daughter a two night stay with free buffets....yeah right..NOT, my time working through their errors and screw ups is worth nothing to them. they love locals....bull crap. that is just someones brain child in marketing that looks good on all the signs and makes everyone feel good while they take your money. 

I am really ticked off about this for a couple reasons, first is well obvious...they tried to screw us over and made us feel like more of a hassle than a valued guest. but the main reason i am ticked off is that i really like this property. it is nice open clean, modern and fun. it is sometimes tough to find a "good" blackjack table but i have met with a fair amount of success. their buffet is a great deal with surprisingly good food. they have ben&jerrys, hooters, fat burger, bowling, lots of stuff. we have in the past recommended them to friends and family who come to town looking for something accessible to the strip but quieter. it is an easy trip from sunset to the strip via freeways. i am not sure if i will continue to recommend them. i dropped my rating from four to two just because of the treatment we received.


previous review: Nice place off the strip....way off the strip. Nice rooms, go for a suite if you can. Lots of stuff to do if you don't want to gamble, they have a bowling alley and theater. (even an imax but not sure if it is a real imax.) Short walk across the street to shopping. And for the adventurous, a long walk down the street to Costco. They have a nice food court area plus Fat Burger, Ben & Jerrys and Hooters.

Have had good luck at blackjack here but i think you need to start a fire to get cocktail service. But when you are winning it is not so bad when you have to wonder over to a bar and purchase a brew.
This is an average Las Vegas locals casino in the Southeast part of the city. It's one of Station Casinos "mid-tier" properties, with more upscale decor than the Henderson Fiesta location, but it's not as nice as Green Valley Ranch. This is a good thing if you want a slightly upscale experience yet don't want to pay out the nose for it. 

Many of the restaurants, the buffet and amenities are reviewed individually on Yelp so I'll skip over them with this review. If I don't want to drive to Fremont Street but want to play some slots, this is a comfortable place to go. Service is attentive, they have a wide variety of slots including some new stuff I saw at the Global Gaming Expo that they rolled out fast. I haven't played table games here so I can't touch on them. Overall, it's just a good place to go in and chill out for an hour playing slots and having fun.
Regarding THE BUFFET, I was impressed with it when I was there in November, therefore I made it a point to return. Boy, do I regret it. It was totally disappointing. The staff was not friendly, they actually had attitude...the food was horrible, and the presentation was horrible. It was sloppy and dirty. I spoke to a manager and complained about the guy at the carving station. When he finally decided to return to his station (from the back) he didnt utter a word and helped the lady behind me, when I was first in line. All of their attitudes suck, and they act as if they hate their jobs. NEWS FLASH: TO ALL BUFFET EMPLOYEES WORKING THE LINE...If customers like us dont frequent the buffet, you wouldnt have a job!!  something to think about! The only nice person I came across was Ray behind the dessert bar, he was friendly, and actually enjoyed his job. Ray you can do better than that, find another hotel/casino that will appreciate you!
I'm pretty easygoing about hotels & hotel charges. I read the fine print. Yes, their rates are awesome & yes there was a 'resort' fee, still pretty decent pricing.

Our stay here was pretty awesome. If you didn't want to leave the casino, you didn't have to. It was CLEAN (big points for that!) and the casino didn't smell that bad of smoke. 

Hungry? So many restaurants to try. Most notably the Oyster Bar where I had the best cioppino of my life. Thirsty? Margarita specials in the middle bar for $2. I jumped on that.

Back to the room itself, it was a king sized comfy bed, pretty spacious and had a view of the desertous mountains. It was clean and I have no complaints at all about the room itself.

One of the main things for staying in Henderson was to be close to the Hoover Dam and all the shopping. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!
Cool Spot for gambling and family night out. Bowling, Movies etc
The casino is pretty small and in some places really smokey.  The air system doesn't seem to push the smoke very well.  There were some places that was hot and other areas where you would freeze your a$$ off.  The dealers on the tablle I didn't like very much.  They saw that I was a platinum boarding pass holder but asked me where I play.  I usually go to Green Valley Ranch and they kept making comments of me finally getting smart and playing at Sunset.  Not very professional when it's a sister property.  Joking I get it but to say it over and over again for the 20 mins I decided to stay at the table was very irritating.  I finally took my money and left.  I don't plan on doing any gaming here in the future and will come back for bowling only.  The amenities the hotel provides is a plus however.  They have a kids area where you can drop off for a few hours, movies, bowling, etc.  That's the only reason I gave this hotel the 3rd star.
My guy and I stayed here last Thursday night on our way to the Laughlin River Run.  I was impressed with how clean and fresh smelling it was.  Our room was very nice.  It looked as if it had been recently decorated.  Beautiful tile on the bathroom floors etc.  We had a great meal at the Oyster Bar (already reviewed on Sunday).

My only issue was with the price we paid.  I booked on line.  It said the rooms were $38.  By the time I paid, it was $50.03.  I was expecting this as I am familiar with hotel room tax fees etc.  And our room was certainly worth fifty bucks.  The problem for me arose when we checked in.  I am not familiar with resort fees as I don't normally stay at hotels here in Vegas as I live here.  We were told we had to pay a $15 (plus tax) amenity fee.  Seems to me we should have been told about this fee when we booked our room.  Now I'm not saying the room wasn't worth $65.  It was.  I just felt bilked.  The amenity fee covered local and long distance phone calls (I have my cell phone with me, thank you very much) and in room internet (didn't bring my lap top) and children under 10 can go bowling for $1 (didn't have any kids with me, they won't fit on our Harley) and VIP passes to the Feast Buffet (sorry, I ate at the Oyster Bar) and unlimited use of the fitness center (now I might have brought work out clothes IF I HAD BEEN INFORMED OF THIS IN ADVANCE) and a copy of the Review Journal as long as it wasn't Sunday.  The only thing I used of the mandatory amenity package was the newspaper.  I actually get home delivery of the paper so I knew one would be waiting for me at home but I figured I should at least get something for my $15 plus tax!  But a $15 newspaper?  That's a little steep.
GREAT PRICE, BUT SMOKE FROM OTHER ROOMS WAS COMING INTO OUR NON-SMOKING ROOM.

SMOKE IN OUR ROOM:
The room, the hotel, and the amenities were all very very nice but a huge problem was that even though we requested and got a non smoking room, there were times (most of the time) that we could definitely smell smoke in our room due to it coming through the ventilation. I really don't mind smelling some smoke once in awhile in public places where it is appropriate, like outdoors where it is mixed with a little fresh air, but the air was smokey so much of the time that we were still smelling smoke even when we were not inside the hotel or even near smoke. This was a major thumbs down since this hotel is also a casino and everywhere else in the hotel was constantly filled with smoke, so our room was really the only place we could get away from the smoke while we were inside the hotel- yet it really wasn't.

_______________________________________


RESTAURANTS / FOOD:
Also, even though some of the places to eat in the hotel were non-smoking, they shared the same space as the casino and were also constantly filled with smoke - like I said, don't mind smelling some smoke outside, but these restaurants had no outside seating, which made it very difficult to enjoy the food. At the buffet some of the food was good, however some of it was just downright awful - and I am not at all picky. Unfortunately the bad tasting food stays in mind more than the food that was good.

_______________________________________


IN GENERAL:
Great amenities; really fun huge bowling alley, nice outside pool, lots of restaurant choices, movie theater in hotel, and literally right across the street from shopping mall. The price of the room was exceptional and the service was also excellent, except they didn't offer to do anything or compensate us in any way for the smoke being in our non smoking room - Is this the price you have to pay for getting an inexpensive room? It shouldn't be. We actually decided to come home a day early because we were tired of smelling smoke all the time.


_____________________________________________
_____________________________________________


MY RATINGS ON TRAVELOCITY:

Value for Money: I would have marked 5 out of 5 except that I don't think getting a good deal on the room is an excuse for having to tolerate smoke in a non-smoking room.

Staff & Service: were excellent overall and I would have marked 5 out of 5 if they would have offered to do something to compensate for the smoke in our room as well as if the food at the buffet had tasted better.

Room Quality: The room was very nice for a 3 star hotel, in fact nicer than expected - more like a 4 star hotel room. If it weren't for the smoke in our room, I would have marked 4 out of 5.

Cleanliness: Also would have marked 5 out of 5 if we didn't have to deal with the smoke in our room and the buffet. Because cleanliness also refers to air cleanliness - other than that, the hotel was spotless the whole time we were there.

PROS: Wi-Fi, friendly staff, great amenities, close restaurants, exceptional rate, pet friendly.

CONS: smoke in our non-smoking room, smoke in the buffet, and there is a resort fee/amenities fee that is charged per night.
Stayed here for Punk Rock Bowling a few years back and, as nice as it was to have everything in one location, I'm really glad that the PRB location was never Sunset Station again.

Startings when we were checking in, the staff was kind of rude. We had booked 4 rooms with two double beds and two of those rooms ended up just having one King in it... for four people. When we expressed confusion as to why we weren't getting what we had reserved, the woman checking us in was very brusque and uninterested in resolving our issues. We also had security staring down every punk walking towards the poker tournament that first night. I think a LOT of people complained because the disdain was much more subtle for the rest of the weekend.

Next, the elevator situation. There were four elevators. Four. For the whole tower. They were located right inside the exit to the festival. They were broken. A lot. 

I don't really remember any other specifics but I know I didn't care for the place.
I've stayed here several times and I really enjoy this Station Casino. My most recent stay was this past Sunday - 6/17/2012.  The restaurants are good and there is plenty of room in this casino. I agree with the other reviewers that the resort fee is a sham and they should either put into their room cost or tell you up front. I received offers for a "free room" only to be charged for things I didn't use.

Over the years I have had only one poor experience. I bought a soda on the 8th floor of the casino on my way to the pool. The people monitoring the pool refused to allow me to bring my soda into the pool area. I thought that this was a ridiculous policy and went to the front desk. The hotel manager confirmed that I would not be allowed to bring in the soda. He gave me $2 and said I would have to buy my soda from the machine at the pool. Huh? Of course the machine at the pool wouldn't take the dollars the manager had given me. However, I wasn't walking down to the front desk to complain about that.  I was also provided the number of the General Manager whom I could not reach and he did not return my call.

I understand not letting people bring their own alcohol into a pool area. Resorts need to make a buck too and it keeps the rowdies out. This was a diet freakin pepsi! bought from your hotel. Totally idiotic policy. With the people in charge of this casino making policies like that you wonder. Remember when the customer is always right was the norm. Not here at the Sunset.
Sneaky "hotel amenity fee" of 14.95 which I actually think is a good deal, but it's only when you check-in that it's communicated in the room key folder.  Furthermore, asked three times regarding internet and was told it's free.  If you pay for something, it's not free.  So, was charged another 9.99  for additional device.  Questionable business practices, but then again, what would you expect from a casino.  Definitely not returning to sunset.  Texas station was my long time favorite, but if they play the same game, not taking my business to any station casinos.
i love it here. Came to get dinner, gamble, and watch a movie
I will return
(My fiancee and I stayed here 3 1/2 weeks ago. I'm just going to be brief and go over the pros and cons of the place because it was nice, but not "great"; we'll probably stay here again if we can't find a better option-)

Cons:

1.The Weather: 

Be warned! Vegas is a *desert*: We went in May thinking it's be cool-ish and mild-ish: It wasn't!! It was very muggy (It rained) and very, very windy-felt like the inside of a hairdryer every time we went outside; the hot, high winds (Gusts up to 60+ mph) made "walking the strip" very unenjoyable. Our bad and we'll more than likely not go there between the months of May-August next time, but still; I hate being cramped up inside! :/

2. Our Trip (Cut Short due to the Weather): 2 stars off

My fiancee and I were booked here for 4 days but ended up leaving a day early due to inclement weather. I know it's not fair of me to take a couple of stars off, but we had really been looking forward to relaxing poolside and getting a cabana each day, only to find the pool open only 1 day out of what would've been 4: Blah. :/

3. The Weird WIFI and "Fine Print Resort Fee" Charges: 1 star off

Additionally, they have this Game that they play where they "say" you get "Free WIFI" in your Room but you're charged the fee for it and it's "taken" out of your Resort Fee at the end...something like a charge-back it was explained to us..Yeah, okay, sure sounds shady...BUT I want to clearly state that after looking over our statement after our Trip, we were charged-back the WIFI fees..but we had this nagging, in-the-background-uncomfortable, "will they charge it back or not" feeling, which put a small damper on our enjoyment. I also think that they should've been way, way more "upfront" about the Resort Fee vs. making it a "fine print" item that you kind've..discover upon checking in. :/

Pros:

1. The Oyster Bar: Pretty decent, I've had better, but not bad for Vegas.

2. No nasty smoke smell

3. Clean, quite rooms (Albeit slightly worn down)

All in all, my fiancee adores this Casino and wants to stay here again. Me, not so much; there's plenty of other places to stay that I'd like to check out...
Not the encore, but I like this place.  Plus I usually win, always a plus
We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  

Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  

While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  

The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. 

Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  

I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in / quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. 

Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
nice decent hotel, haven't stayed here but played the games, ate at the buffet and watched a movie here!!
Far from the crowds on the strip or downtown. This casino/resort caters to locals in a good way. The buffet is tops. I've stayed here several times while in LV. I love the look and feel of the casino floor, very chill and relaxed. The room are fabulous and well worth the rates, which BTW, are some of the best in the valley. My only downside with the rooms are there are no safes. But at the hotel desk they offer free safety deposit boxes. Problem solved.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel - I stay here everytime I'm in Vegas. SUPER NICE rooms, SUPER CHEAP deals online. I don't gamble tho, so I can't speak to that - but for a GREAT deal on a place to stay THIS IS IT
This is a nice place to win some pocket change. Get some snacks and even get a cool room to stay over night. I love the slots! And the poker room :)
Can't complain, $4.99 for a breakfast buffet. I feel like I'm back in the 80's, yes I'm that old. I remember breakfast buffets that cheap. Food was mediocre, c'mon it's a buffet, what do you expect. I'm not a buffet person, but  for $5 why not. Good thing is that a mimosa was only $3, score
I do a lot of traveling for work and pleasure.  This hotel is the least customer service friendly place I have ever stayed in!  I will make sure that my company and friends find a better place to stay whenever visiting Vegas.  Please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors.  If guest stop coming here they (your employees) will be out of a job!  The front desk staff is especially horrible & that's your first experience!  Trust me it doesn't get any better.  There are other nicer, up to date inexpensive hotels to stay at in Vegas.  If you want a good experience DO NOT stay here!
My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
I dont think 3.5 stars is very fair. This is a favorite local casino, and one star reviews seem to bewritten by disgruntled out of towners who dont understand how vegas works. Yes, we have smoking hotel rooms. This is not california.  You stay off-strip for cheap, so dont expect strip amenities. Still, service is always great, sonoma cellar and oyster bar are excellent dining experiences, theres a movie theater and bowling alley, i often win at least something at poker, and, most importantly, theres a KIDS QUEST thatll babysit the rugrats while the adults go get some time to themselves. Yes, ive stayed at the hotel. No, its not ceasars palace. But its not motel 6 either and Ive gotno complaints.
A good friend lives in Vegas and decided to take me here when I was visiting.  I was honestly a little annoyed that it was a 20-30 minute drive from my hotel but upon arrival I was happy she made me go!  As far as casino's go there's about a million and one of them in Nevada, right?  There really isn't anything that stands out about this one over others, except that it's not jam packed with people.  We ended up going 2 different times on my short trip.  The point system by using a member card seems to accumulate quickly, we both ate 2 meals there without paying a dime, all points! 

I didn't stay here so I don't know what the rooms are like.  If it wasn't so far from the happenings of Fremont or the strip I would check it out though. 

I can see why the locals would like this place, we spent several hours here and I'd do it again!
I've always been a fan of Station Casinos. The Sunset Station is is spacious, clean, and has a nice Sports Book.  I didn't drop a single dime here, but based on what I witnessed I recommend if you're in the area.  Parking is also abundant.  

Reason I give this place 4 stars is because this is exactly the type of casino that my parents love to play at.  My parents swear that they win at Station Casinos or local type casinos.  When they're happy, then I'm happy.  When they visit, I will probably take them here.  Also located across the street from Yummy Sushi and in the same parking side as Thelma's.  Can't miss with those two restaurants nearby.
Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh

Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh
One would think that there are only casinos on the Las Vegas Strip or Old Downtown Las Vegas. Guess again!!!!

There are several casinos outside these areas, but they aren't as "spectacular" in the typical "LV scene" as one might think. So all in all - not much to expect from here other than the gambling.

What has gotten worse about the casino is that it has gotten a bit "cheese-y" with the decor. It has no theme. In addition, the ventilation has gotten worse and you know how you walk into a Korean BBQ and smell like that after you've eaten there? Well once you walk through this casino for a good 5-10 minutes, your clothes will possibly smell like you've smoked a pack. Just sayin'.....................

**CONFESSION**
I'm not much of a gambler. I'm even scared of loosing $1 on a slot machine! I always feel that if I'm going to spend $, I should benefit in some type of rewards wether it is in a form of retail therapy or indulging in meals. So I cannot attest to the casino level of Sunset Station nor the Hotel since I didn't stay here either. But I would imagine it would be a lot cheaper since you're not staying on the strip. You'd just pay for the commute. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So why am I writing a review about this place if I didn't spend the night here nor contribute any losses on the slot machines?

It's because if I'm in the area (Henderson) and visiting my grandmother, we would watch movies at their Regal Theaters. I can remember watching movies here since I was in elementary school. Yes the place is a bit dim, carpet sucks, bathroom needs an upgrade, but for some things that they have improved upon are the seats in the theaters and the screens. 

Overall, you won't get the razzle-dazzle-ness from the typical casino, but you can watch a movie here in peace and serenity. Just be cautious you'll smell like cigarettes after you've watched a movie........
Went here for bowling.  I thought they had plenty of lanes, the service was good and they accomodated a pretty large group of 20 people fairly easily.  We ordered pizza and drinks which was of average quality but about what I would expect from a bowling alley.  It's not as nice as some newer lanes in the Vegas valley but it's convenient and usually not as packed as some of the other lanes.
1st time staying at Sunset Station despite visiting it many times over the years - family in the area. OK room but noisy adjacent room plumbing kept us awake all night -bit like staying in a cheap motel.
Beware the Resort Amenity Fee aka hidden tax
Doesnt matter if you use any "amenities" or not - the "fee "( $17 per day! ) is always added making a marginal value very much less so.
Station Casinos must be feeling the pinch as their other more upscale properties (Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock ) have also instituted tricky "fees" , reduced service and lower payouts.
We "Love Locals" too - we dont love being ripped off so this was definitely a first time last time stay.
This was my first time here.  We chose it because it was the cheapest reputable hotel on a last minute trip. WOW!  this was perfect.  Clean and large enough for the family.  We have kids so we can be kind of picky.  We will for sure be back.

Even though this place is off the strip, it was nice because it is close to everything you need.  We found little ceasers, walmart, target and filled up gas at the costco. all within just a mile or two.

My family felt safe with the security guards at the hotel elevators. I would highly recommend Sunset Station to anyone.
So not impressed!  Had to stay here because everywhere else in town was booked for the CES and the Miss America Pageant.  Big disappointment.....small rooms, casino was way smokier than most.  There were no deals at any of the cocktail lounges.  In fact, it was a sport just trying to get the attention of one of the so-called bartenders.  No personality at all.   Not one of them!  I did like the fact that you had to insert your room key into the elevator to get to your floor, because the place was crawling with vagrants, and I made sure there was nobody getting on the elevator with me.  Not in that bad of an area, but I still didn't feel all that safe.  The one and only saving grace was the Pasta Cucina restaurant.  Awesome food, service a little slow, but worth the wait.  And reasonable.
I haven't been to Sunset Station in years.  I went to a concert there last night and I took the opportunity to walk around and see what it  looked like again.

The aisles are wide, navigating the place is easy, and it's not nearly as large as I remembered it to be.  

Bathrooms are convenient to the Club Madrid area as were bars--although outside drinks weren't allowed in the club. 

Tip for Yelpers:  I parked in the back near the bowling alley entrance and I found places close to the door.  It was an area that made leaving the property after the concert and easy and quick one.  In no time I was back on Stephanie and then on the 215 heading for Summerlin.
Found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor, then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet.
I called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed. After waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on.
Then after being promised it would get fixed it wasn't. I had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm, and at that time I was called a liar and told that I only wanted comped and I could have gotten that sheet anywhere.
I only wanted the bed fixed.
Finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and I made the bed myself.

Also, the property itself was dirty, toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly. Won't be returning or recommending.
I totally love Station Casinos!  Bowling alley, movie theater, and gambling all in one place.  What a concept! 

Sunset Station is in a great location surrounded by a ton of shopping so sometimes we find ourselves just stopping in.  

We came by with my folks who were visiting and my mother, who will only gamble on ONE type of slot machine lol, stopped an employee to asked if they had any of this machine.  She went out of her way to walk my mother to the other side of the casino to the slot machine she was looking for.  Knowing that I was a local (my mother told her) she asked if she could sign my parents up for their own Boarding Passes so that I could get credit for it under mine. She took each of their ID's, walked away for less than 5 minutes, and came back with their cards.  That was really nice and I got extra points for them signing up... 

The casino (and bathrooms) always seem clean, albeit a little smokey, so I knocked a star off for that.  But otherwise I really like visiting this place!
A fun place for  local hang out but the hotel does need some love in the hard goods area.
This is a Locals casino and I would definitely stop in if I was again in the neighborhood. Wouldn't be in a hurry to leave the strip for here though. Great gambling with alot variety in games but didn't seem too much like a party casino. 
They had automated Roulette machines with $3 buyin's 
They had Deal or No Deal Machines
Games were pretty affordable and had a decent payout. I mean you win more here than on the strip. 
Also the biggest draw to this casino was their Buffet. Really affordable at around $10 with good food. Better than Circus Circus I can tell you that.
What gets me is that $14.99 resort fee added to your daily bill. Why not just put it in the overall rate?  It is a shock when you think, wow, what a great room rate until you add this on along with taxes.  
I can get everything at another upscale hotel with breakfast for the same price or a little less!  
When I called to see if this could be waived, they said No! 
So if you don't need the casino and smoke..... There are some fantastic hotels waiting.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!  We have seen him a couple times over the year and he always delivers a fun show.  I would say he has the charm of Kenny and the action pack show of Garth!  Look him up when you are in Vegas and I promise it will be a great show!
My grandma invited my friends and I to the buffet here after a long drive from LA. This place is pretty damn huge.

The buffet is impressive. They have different section of different types of food like Italian, American, International, etc. Not to mention the food was on point.

Definitely recommend this place.
I definately enjoy coming here having a few drinks and watching my husband do a little gambling.We enjoy coming here because its right down the street from us. It does seem like we have better odds here to win then on the strip and 100.00 goes a lot longer here. We have also tried a few restaurants in here and one place we love which I will.review on shortly.

Sunset Station is a wonferful and conveniently located!!!
This year we stayed at Sunset Station with relatives for 5 days, 4 nights.  We've been coming here for years and always enjoy the ambiance and the slot variety.  The rooms are aging a bit and we had trouble with getting hot water late at night.  They've improved their check in process from last visit and we were able to get into our room early without standing in long lines.

Prices for buffet meals are very cheap with $4.99 for breakfast and $9.99 for dinner.  You need a slot club card but it's only takes a few minutes to get one.  We even like the small taco stand next to the Mexican restaurant.  The buffet food is standard but choices are many and you won't go hungry.  I've never had a problem with excess smoke in the casino so I find that complaint puzzling.  I don't smoke so I notice things like that right away.  Of course sitting next to a bunch of smokers will do it but I move away and I'm fine.

There are some annoying features like the $14.99 "service charge".  You have to ask for a refrigerator, we have a diabetic, but it was taken care of immediately by housekeeping.  The Grand Cafe says it's open 24/7 but it isn't.  From 10pm to 6AM there isn't anyone there at all.  10PM seems a little early to close.  Starbucks closes at 10 also so if you want something have to get there early.  

The interior is very nice and spacious with high ceilings and a magnificent central bar designed by Gaudi with lots of beautiful stained glass.  If you walk all the way around and back to the hotel tower, it's a major trek.  Lots and lots of slot machines everywhere, bingo room, kid's quest area for the children, movies, fast food like Fatburger and Ben & Jerrys, and even a giant bowling alley.  We've enjoyed the oyster bar in the past.  Never have done the steakhouse  though.  You can earn points quickly here in the slot club.  This trip our room was comped all four days.  You are away from the strip if that bothers you.  It's a very short drive on 215 to anywhere on the strip by car and only 17 minutes to the airport.  I know cause I had to drive there a lot to pick up people and take them back.  And for you shopping fiends, there is a giant mall right across the street from the casino.

One side trip down Sunset Road east from the casino was to Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden.  It's FREE and has a giant chocolate gift shop, go figure, with any kind of chocolate you may want.  We have photographers in our group and they loved the garden too.  So it's worth a trip for you chocoholics.

The service isn't as good as say Harrahs in Temecula but we still love the place and the rooms are very reasonable for our out of state visitors.
Is this the swankiest place in Las Vegas? no, but it is a bit of a hidden gem. Great restaurants and a great location, not to mention a bowling ally and movie theatre. So it's a little dark, so the decor is a tad unusual. It is still worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Yes, there are people with mullets roaming the floors.

Yes, the average age is probably 70.

Yes, you are waaaayyy away from the strip.

But... where else am I going to get upgraded to a HUGE suite for $87? That's right, I said $87! I mean, the place was bigger than my apartment. It even had a jazuzzi! I should have moved in...

Upgrade aside...

- If you play in the various soccer tournaments held in Vegas / Henderson, this place is super convenient, like 5 minutes from the fields. 
- Nice family-friendly pool...with a bar, of course! 
- Penny slots. Try finding that at the Ballagio!
- Easy parking.
- 80's cover band (we didn't see them play, but a reliable source said they were good).
- Grand cafe is old school with cheap prices and decent service.

That is all. I'll take that upgrade again now...
It saddens me terribly right now to give such a low rating to this hotel, when the hotel was actually awesome. The rating is so low due to the customer service my friends and I received from the pit boss during Sunday morning (6/2/13) blackjack session. My softball team and I all stayed at Sunset Station for a softball tourney that we had about 10 miles away. The price was right and we had a teammate who was a high roller at this casino. The food and service the restaurant was great, and the customer service in the gift shop was excellent as well. The problem arrived when 3 friends and I sat down early Sunday morning, money and drink in our hands to play $5 blackjack. The dealers Nana and Leissle were happy to have a change of pace and to play with 4 girls excited and eager not only to tip but to celebrate our winnings together. The cocktail waitresses also enjoyed our company. We sat at this table
For at least 3 hours while the pit boss Ralph continued to tell us we were too loud?!?!!?! As the 4th hour approached us, my friend and I hit a 3rd blackjack in a row betting a $25 hand and we all screamed in excitement. The PitBoss Ralph- then decided to kick myself and my friend out for being too loud! When I asked for a manager, they brought over a large security guard named Mark to escort us out. As we tried to reason with them, I kindly and cooperatively asked to speak with a manager. They denied me the rights to speak with a manager then Mark put his hands on me and told me he would call the cops. I then asked to speak to his manager. After two more security guards came over and our friends were in tears and we had all been denied the right to speak to a manager they denied us yet again and asked us  to fill out a comment card! Even one of the cocktail waitresses walked over to explain to the security guard that we were doing nothing wrong. The security guards then warned us they had called the police and they were on their way. We exited the casino immediately after that. I will never stay here again, nor will my team or anyone I know. I will be calling to speak with a manager and because I left my name and number I am expecting ad waiting for someone to call me!!! Worst customer service and Las Vegas and overall casino experience I have ever had. Be aware and do not stay there. The rooms are cheap, but at what cost!!! You have no rights, and no respect!!!!!
We had dinner buffet here and it was excellent, lots of international dishes and all sorts of delicious dessert.  The price is excellent for the taste of the food.  By the way there is also a regal theatre inside the casino.
this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda, i was there on 6/4 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out, the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude. they wouldnt even let me finish my beer
I loved this place. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean.  It would be a great place to bring a family. It's nice being outside of Vegas and close to Lake Mead. 
We had the best breakfast and coffee at the Sunset Grill. We had all of our meals there and everything was great. 
We also had great luck with the slots. My husband did great our first night and I did great our last night. 
The negatives:
Good luck getting help with your luggage
The parking is out in the open, hopefully patrolled
The walk from the casino to the room elevators is the longest I've ever seen
No coffee station in the rooms
No safety rail in the showers
I never could connect with the free wi fi
It's geared towards and older crowd or a "family friendly casino"  there is a bowling alley and a food court and a children's play area. It's like a corner of its a mall and the other end cheap dining plus casino.it was okay I probably won't go back again.
My favourite of the Station casinos. Room was nice and tight  with a 42" flat screen. Pricey resort fee, but paid 33/night. The pool looks as if it was recently renovated. No ghetto gangster people hanging around. Another great thing about this place is the location to Wal Mart and the mall across the street.
Best place to gamble if you're going to gamble at the blackjack tables because everybody is in a group usually and they do not want you to screw up their hands so they will help you so they all win at the table and so you win..  best hamburger joint is here an unbeatable prices compared to the country I used to come here just for the hamburgers the best
Well, it has been a very long time since I posted any reviews and we have been back to Las Vegas many times since my last one, so I have intentions of catching up!

We found Sunset Station in our constant quest for good video poker.  I had a hell of a run here, a winning streak to end all winning streaks.  We thought the place was beautiful, the casino clean and cocktail service was great.  There are good food options and we had a damn fine time.

So we decided to stay there the next time we came to Las Vegas.  This is where it gets somewhat interesting.  Of course after my huge winning streak, we were offered a free stay.  So we book it and head out.  $20 at the desk got us into a suite.  Awesome, yes?!  Not so much.  Well, it was clean.  And HUGE.  I have had smaller apartments.  MUCH smaller apartments.  But it all seemed just a little dated, except the master bath, which was huge and totally decked out.  It was nice, don't get me wrong, it was just short on windows and short on that cool hotel feeling.  Also, like many Station casinos, there were a lot of kids.  Boooooo
But what wrecked the stay was the fact that the good video poker was GONE.  As in machines GONE.  We were so disappointed that we barely spent any time in the casino, opting instead to tour every single casino in a five mile radius.  Review of THOSE  will follow, for those who are interested.

So here's the takeaway:  the place is nice.  We love to split our stay between the strip and an outlying hotel and Sunset Station seemed like a great place to do that.  We will check back on the whole video poker situation because that is, after all, one of the big reasons we are in Las Vegas to begin with.  So if it returns, we will give the place another chance.
Never stayed off the strip cause I didn't want to stay in a rundown smoke filled room.  This place was great.  Big enough hotel that you can do a lot of different things.  Got coupon book booking through Expedia.  Rooms were clean and nice.  Staff was helpful and my room did not smell like smoke. Id stay here again.
bowling alley,movie theater(w/imax),nice bars and restaurants. Fatburger in the food court,slots that actually pay out! I may stay on the strip but I start my Vegas trips with a couple of nights here when in town for supercross or monster energy cup! Also i can see my vehicle from my room and security is always patrolling also.
I'm going to get straight to the point. This is one of my favorite station casinos. I've won nice sums numerous times on the slots and today was my first time playing a sport's wager. It's a very welcoming casino and definitely has the local feel to it. I also love the Feast Buffet's Sunday Champagne Brunch! But I'll leave that part to another review. The only reason I am giving this casino 4 stars is because it lacks some of the bells and whistles that the Strip casino's have to offer. But hey if you're a local you should love it! Peace.
If you're tired of the strip hotel/casinos and don't mind extremely poor air quality, slow service, staff who just go through the motions, dated/dirty hotel rooms, and cheap (cost and quality) buffets, this is the place for you! 

Station, the Walmart of the hotel/casino world strikes again with this yawner of a property.  Watch the kiddies well in the pool, since the lifeguard will abandon his station to schlep booze and towels and food to the cabanas whenever summoned by the wait staff.  Don't bother informing the front desk your non-smoking room reeks of cigarette smoke -- your next one will too, and oh by the way, all rooms are centrally ventilated from the 4th floor, which happens to be ... wait for it ... THE FLOOR WITH THE SMOKING ROOMS ... gotta love it.

For the price, amenities, staff, food quality, etc., there are better experiences and better bargains with other name-brand hotel/casinos.

Anyway, enjoy your Station experience *cough cough*
Haven't had a chance to check the rooms out here yet, but everything else is awesome!

Huge, winding casino with great payouts.

The on-site Hooters restaurant is excellent, easy on the eyes, and seems to be a step above the mainstreams.

The bowling center is huge, is open 24 hours a day, and has some great specials running after midnight.

The location is great - directly across from a huge mall and shopping center, with lots of restaurants and big-box stores in the mix.

Definitely recommend.
THIS IS MY NEIGHBORHOOD CASINO

I do remember when this hotel & casino first opened and I couldn't get enough of the interior with its romantic colonial Spanish design integrated with the mimicking of Spain's infamous son and artist Gaudi. Built way before Green Valley Resort Hotel & Casino, this was a Station Casino Group statement that locals' casinos can be more than just a storefront of slot joints. Included are restaurants (unfortunately none are my favorites), theaters, bowling alley and a complete array of gambling facilities to essentially satisfy the die hards.

Even after all these years, I'm still awed by the terracotta and Spanish tiled flooring and interior structural facades, stained glass windows and the overall openness. 

Yu-go chauffeur drops in to watch his favorite professional sports team while I try my favorite slots. Fun is when I find my husband watching his game and I'm showing off that made a few extra bucks to boot.  LoL
Love their bartenders; Brenda and Sosa. I used to go here every Friday to gamble a little and drink but they added different bands to the bar over by Starbucks and I do not enjoy any of them. (I gave it a couple tries before changing bars.) They have the casino music and the band playing at the same time. And honestly, I would prefer the casino pop/rock music. The live band is annoying, when they leave I'll come back. Sorry.
Great locals casino and the buffet is fantastic and well priced
Sunset Station is located near Sunset and the 95 which makes access quick and convenient.   This is an ideal place for locals to eat and gamble.  If tourist knew about this place the strip would be in trouble.

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com

It has a great selection of slot machines and all kinds of video poker as well as all the normal table games.   Nothing is bad about this casino but there are two things that set this place apart from other casinos.   

The buffet not only has an outstanding price and great food but it has outstanding employees.  I couldn't recommend it higher especially during the mornings when John is in charge.  It is amazing to me how all the help is smiling and working together to make sure everyone is satisfied.  

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com/Dining/Feast-Buffet.aspx

Also the sports book is one of the best that I have been in.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.  It doesn't matter what you want to bet on horses, football, baseball etc. they have it all.  The director Chuck and manager Brian are always available and willing to help in any way.

https://www.sportsconnection.com

 I'm sorry I can't rate them higher than 5 stars.
Everything seems great except you have to pay for internet which I think is really stupid. I would rather stay at a hotel without a casino than stay here.
Stayed here for a 3 day weekend baseball tournament with my sons team. Check in was fairly stress free process. Getting our stuff to the room was little hassle as the hotel is a walk from the front desk. However if you park next to the hotel entrance, there's no ramp to roll your luggage. You have to present your key to the security guard to enter the hotel & use the key to activate t he elevators. The room was decent, a little outdated & stale smelling. Housekeeping was awesome thought kept the room stocked & clean.  This hit is super kid friendly. Bowling alley had glow in the dark bowling on the weekends & the kids loved it. Movie theatre was over priced. Kidquest childcare $9/hr was super convenient with the Mouse maze & games. Kids if all ages found something to do. And parents could hangout til 2 am. There were a lot of dining options from Sbarros, Subway, chinesefood, Ben & berets, oyster bar, Italian sitdown, buffet, Starbucks, etc. Staff was friendly. Would definitely come back.
I was surprised by the price and location that this was a very clean and nice. Beds were soft but the towels and shower were a bit lacking. 
I did eat at the oyster bar and the salmon was very good so over all this is a good hotel to if you were not wanting to stay on the strip.
Nothing really stood out, they do have a Buffett but the section I had was nothing to right home about. They did have a nice salad/fruit bar. The casino section was clean but just seemed ordinary
I love this casino. I always have a good time and I don't often have to wait long for drinks. Plus it has plenty for kids to do, such as Kids Quest which my daughter loves. It's a bit noisy since they have the radio going plus the jackpot announcements AND live music all at once. Other than that, I have no complaints.
Great customer service! ;) I always bring my ca friends here! They also love the place as well.. great price for the buffet too!
I love this hotel and casino! The Station Casinos brand is geared towards locals and they do a great job of taking care of us. I love cashing my check here I'm getting a free drink or free food out of the deal. The buffet is pretty good for the price, there's a good Italian restaurant, Mexican place, steakhouse, and oyster bar.I always enjoy the table gaMes and nickel video gaMes too.  They have kids quest dAycare too and a  awesome arcade and theater.
We came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received. The price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either. We came on St Patrick's day and we're seated right away. Our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times.
We enjoyed our stat at Sunset Station Hotel. Although we aren't gamblers, the area met our needs as Hoover Dam is close by.

As far as this hotel, there was so much we didn't understand, and no one explained how things worked. We self-parked only to find out it's difficult to carry a lot of your travel gear into the hotel.  And, we got a free players club card and at first glance I said no thanks. Turns out, it would have had money on it (From $3 to $500).

The food wasn't that great, but as always, we pack our own breakfast and lunch.

On the plus side, the room was great---this is a non-smoking room that is truly non-smoking! comfortable and very, very clean. We got a great deal on groupon and opted to upgrade for a Junior suite.
Beautiful decor and layout!  Cool bowling alley, movies, arcade, lots of restaurants. Located in a great area of town.
This is a great hotel. They have an awesome pool. It is in a good location. The maids are always nice and clean the rooms well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. I have come here with my family 3 times and it has always been great.
Dinner here tonight at The Feast Buffet was a joke...Server was slow as hell I know its 5 of us keep the refills coming not 1 every 15 min....Our server jose did more fist bumpin' with the homies that work here than anything.   REALLY!!!!
Had a great weekend here!. We have visited a number of times without staying. (We have family in the LV area that we usually stay with). We had a great stay here. 
Initially our room was not as promised. (we were promised a mini-suite with a king bed).

Management went beyond the call of duty to correct the situation! We truly appreciated it. 

Room was outstanding - service incredible - and the buffet was amazing!
Thanks,
This place has it all if you don't want to leave the hotel during your stay... 24/7 bowling & cafe, movies, arcade, child care, several fast food places ETC !!! Customer service was outstanding ( got to check in 4hrs early) had xtra towels sent up as soon it was requested, security presence 24/7 inside  and outside of hotel ! 

Breakfast, lunch And dinner selections at the buffet outstanding !
We have been here for a day and it's a wonderful hotel. All of the employees are so friendly and accommodating. Security helped us out so much with an issue we had after check-in. High praise for both Rod and Terrence. From anyone answering the phone, check-in, housekeeping and security the employees are top notch. Been the best experience I've ever had at any hotel.
I took my daughter for the buy 1 get 1 free buffet. I purchased it. the cashier asked the people behind us to go in front of me to the cashier,tried cutting in before they paid. I let the host know who is Rude. my daughter got the spaghetti and the noodles were Cold,the prime rib I got cut was luke warm,but we ate it and went to the gift shop,they gift shop is very nice,and we found earrings to match for under 20 bucks. Than I went to the taco place to get my brother a quesadilla to go,than we stopped at starbucks there, the cashier is Very Yound and RUDE as well (its so hard to find customer service in this town),and other customers need to learn to shut there Mouth and mind there own business quit Lieing. Security is very Unprofessional,and will call corporate on them also. BAD EXPERIENCE all the way around for being a Saturday night of what was suppose to be a fun night out!!! :(
If u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay I live in Vegas I would recommend any casino but this one. They say they love locals that's total bulls$&@t.
Sunset Station is a fine property. The Casino is large and has everything you would need without leaving the building (Movies, Bowling, etc) The buffet I ate was very good.

The Pool area was nice and large, large enough so you felt comfortable and relaxed. The pool was open later than most properties too.

The Staff were all friendly and helpful, and it was obvious they really wanted you to be aware of that.

The room was clean and decorated nicely, everything was in great shape and made for a comfortable stay.

I'd recommend staying here for anyone looking for a quiet place to get away
I gambled $2,500 & lost it. So, I thought about calling it a day. I requested the pit boss for a 1 night room comp n dinner for 2. 

Apparently,  there was no host in the building at 2pm on a busy weekend. After a half an hour wait, the host shows up n denied my dinner Comp request but promises to honor my room request. 

As I stated, I show up 3 hours later to check into the room they promised. The reservation was no where to be seen. 

I highly doubt I'll be back to play here.
Great hotel casino. Especially great service at the pool.  Best bartender ever is Erica! She makes sure to be attentive and talks to you as though you're a long lost friend.  The other bartender the day before just gives you margarita without asking you anymore questions. Erica asked if you want it on the rocks, with salt and either clear or gold tequila. Wish she was at every bar.
took the offer stayed there tues. HORRIBLE ! first the pool waitress decided to help her self with extra tip out of my change , whatever. next , apparently they are  in the public pool bizz now. allowing non guest to pay ten dollars and bring their section 8 brood of kids to pollute the scene. bad move ! next the buffet was UNEATABLE  worst buffet i've been to in ten yrz .  i mean it was terrible . low quality frozen microwaved crap , prison food .the final straw and capper was got up to take advantage of the breakfast specials 5.30 am and the coffee shop was closed . went to my room packed and took my bizz out of there . this is a nice looking joint but as true to stations reputation the place sucks. they don't love locals,  just their bottom line.  NEVER AGAIN !    they can keep their chezzy crappy offers and bait and switch operation . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !
We booked a regular room with one king bed for the Wednesday evening we flew into Vegas. We arrived at the hotel just before midnight. Check in was quick and friendly. We were told we were being upgraded complimentary to a King Suite. It was gorgeous and we still only paid $30 bucks total. We've stayed here a number of times while in Vegas and it's always been great.
So here's the thing at first I thought I wouldn't really hang out in casinos outside the strip when I moved to Vegas, but I tell you I find myself at sunset often and I really enjoy it! It's a one stop shop for a night out with my boyfriend. We went to eat at feast Buffet which was perfect for the price, then gambled on the slot machines and then went to a movie! The theater is nice, the buffet has a nice atmosphere, there's sometimes bands in the casino which is fun, and they have a great selection of slot machines. Honestly I'm kinda falling in love with coming here it's always a good time without all the craziness of the strip.
We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
Just an FYI the AGM Mark Seligman is terrible. He couldn't care less about the guests who stay at his property. 

He makes it very obvious he uses the "do as I say not as I do" method with his employees as they show more professionalism than he does...how sad. I'm sure he's not in his position due to his exposure to true hospitality positions or has forgotten what its like to leave his office. Seems as though the GM condones his actions also.....im not done exposing him yet.


My hotel stay on the other hand was still good despite this joke of a manager
They got $1.49 breakfast. Eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast. Can't beat that. The only bad thing..the cigarette smoke.
i just had relatives that moved here...we didnt have a fridge yet, and ate out three times a day...anyways, we went here three nights in a row!!  good, cheap prime rib and all the fixins....the service was great...only thing was that in the small casino, lied this small restaurant, that wasnt enclosed from the gamblers whose cigarette smoke penetrated our eating area....yeah..almost unbearable. if not for the prime rib, we wouldnt have returned.  

i also felt sorry for above middle aged waitresses, who looked so tired from being on their feet all day...i feel guilty for some reason...couldnt enjoy my meal..it was like binging on take out while a feed the children commercial came out..

well this was like 5 years ago..well, the fridge came and i havent been back ever again...

i dont recommend coming here if you arent used to smoke..i sure wasnt..not great for kids, not good for the asthmatic...

again..im still on the search for a cheap prime rib place....cheap, but good
This is a good place to go if you're simply into gaming.  If you're looking for a wild night, this is not the place.  Although, they do have bands play on certain "bike nights" that are once in a blue moon.  Good food, quiet place, and bathrooms are very clean.  They also have great drawings.
This place is great if you like to gamble, don't mind cigarette smoke and like cheap food. 

I usually go here after midnight because its almost empty and less smoke. I only go for the cheap food, $2.99 for 1/4lb burger with fries or $1.49 breakfast. Its good food for the price. If you're a night owl like myself and enjoy a good deal, this place is OK. 

They have a happy hour that's 11pm-2am Mon-Thur (and another one that's earlier but I don't remember when) where they have $2 drafts and $3 well drinks. Its not bad, I've had better, but I know what I'm getting when I go here so I have no complaints. 

If you are a food snob, or any kind of snob for that matter, avoid this place. I keep going back because its kinda like "cheers". The service is always good and the night bar tenders always chat you up and try to build a rapport.     :-)
This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
Best casino in Henderson hands down. They have a four hour happy hour twice a day (3pm-7pm and 11pm-3am) with $1 beers, $1 margaritas and half priced appetizers. 

We have been there many times and every one that works there from the manager to the janitor has always been incredibly friendly and hard working. The food is pretty damn good especially for the price. 

Great locals hang out.
We'd been here before but only for about 5 minutes, just wanted to see what the inside was all about. After seeing all our favorite slot machines being in use we bailed to head over to downtown Hendo. 
Saturday night we were in a mood to just chill and not gamble. We just left Magoo's and stopped in here to grab a beer after reading the deal on the jumbo ad screen, "$2 drafts/ $2 shots". how can you beat that? sounds good to me. After I think 11 pm they have $1 drafts or tall for $2. and the beer was good, cold and tasty. (we just left mMagoo's where the beer was slightly pricie and FLAT)

APPETIZER: During their moonlight happy Hour we ordered wings and tenders for $7.99 which was half priced. the wings were ok, but the tenders were HUGE and delicious!!! I'd definitely go bk just for the tenders! (provided they were accounted for in the calorie budget)  The guy nxt to us said the quesadilla was great so we ordered it w/ chicken. while being good. it wasnt as great as he described it. but to each his own right? 

SERVICE: We had an amazing bartender: Elizabeth. My bf was like you and her sound like 2 peas in a pod. (based on his knowing my personality and hearing hers) She was super friendly and I felt she was genuine. If you are craving a beer and just want to chill this was place was definitely chill.
This review is only of the cafe', as that was all I experienced.

I tried one of their 5 for $5 deals, which I found out was only the price if you have one of their loyalty cards, otherwise it is $7.

I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, a garden salad (additional $2), and iced tea.

The meatballs were the most tasteless things I ever had. Have they never heard of the invention of garlic powder, or  onion powder? I believe the only ingredient in them was the meat.

There was a nice portion of spaghetti, and the garlic bread tasted good.
I had a good tuna melt.

I just want to say that review that girl Jan made was so not cool about what she said about "that middle aged waitress" was so not fair. Sometimes people can't retire and have to continue to work. I hope when she gets old she doesn't have to do the same. Messed up!
We eat here a lot.  It's pretty cheap and they have some awesome specials on top of it.  Out of about 50 visits, we have maybe had 2 that were a let down, and those were do to poor waitress service having a long wait & not as friendly as the others.  The two older ladies that usually work the register are awesome!  My kids love them and they are both always so sweet. Only a couple of the newer waitresses could use some more experience. But like I said before.  Very rare to have a bad experience.  Great place!  Not stylish, but great food!
We used to go there for the $4 local breakfast menu. Can't really complain since it was a lot of food. Wasn't anything great but definitely worth the price. The casino eventually closed down though.
This is a good little neighborhood bar and pub that's excellent for groups and just general hanging out.  The bar is HUGE and there's always a myriad of people crowded around it.  The fish and chips are god, as are the steak dinners.  Everything is well priced and the staff is quick and attentive.  It's not the chicest place in the world, but I won't complain if I'm asked to hang out there.
Wow. You will NOT leave this place hungry. I made the mistake of getting chili soup and the chicken pot pie. I could barely walk out when dinner was through! The food is good, very filling and a good friend of mine swears by the ribs (she and her son come here once a week for rib night ;) ). Service was friendly. Come here on empty, because you will live with a little more than full tank.
I think a lot of locals come here since it was pretty crowded even though it's located about 6 miles away from the Strip.  We came here for breakfast (my friend's aunt lives nearby), which is cheaper and better than any place I can think of in S. CA.  One person ordered the ham, which was bigger than the size of my face.  I had the corned beef hash ($5.50).  Even though I think it came from the can, it was fried into two yummy patties.  Another two ordered the chicken fried steak, which was also pretty big ($6.99).  All the dishes came with toast, eggs, and cottage fries, which are basically fried circles of potato.  All in all, it was a hearty and good breakfast!
I was heading to Vegas with a group of 3 other people for a concert. We decided we wanted to stop and eat somewhere before heading to the stadium. I had yelped this pub and read all the reviews, we all agreed this was the place. Great decision. We got there about 5-5:30 pm, on a Friday night, and the place was pretty much empty, except of course for the bar. We seated ourselves, were greeted quickly and given our menus. Prices were fantastic, but when I ordered a Guinness, the server had no idea what I was talking about. I had the Chicken Parm Panini. It was HUGE! Next time, I know to split a meal with someone else. Another member of our party had the Chicken Caesar Panini, also huge, and delicious. Penne pasta also looked fantastic. 

Over all, good food, good prices, huge portions. Nice quiet restaurant, decent service.
(8) of us went to dinner last night at the Village Pub to have Fish & Chips.  The fish was delicious and the chips were okay.  The Fish & Chips meal comes with (3) pieces of Fish which is plenty, you may not be able to finish it all, most of us didn't.  I would go back again.
I like this place! I am not a fan of the smokers puffing away (ok, this IS Vegas not SF so I got over it but it still sucks lol) but the service is great and the food is = to the service. I love their club sandwhich and the drinks are stiff. If you want to go out for a casual meal or a few drinks this is the place to go!
Most of you probably know this already, but there are lots of differences between Villages and Villagers. For example, a few months ago I was standing in a Village outside of London...they were a very touchy lot of blokes.  Defecating on a hand drawn picture of the Queen engaging in intercourse with Justin Bieber and a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey...suddenly I am fighting off a bunch of bad teethed soccer hooligans. I knocked a few out and ran away cursing them that their children become the spitting image of Amy Winehouse.  No way to treat a former lover of Kate Middleton.
  
A few weeks ago I was standing in a little village near Burlington Vermont. ..the villagers...a very touchy group of former hippies who now drive gas guzzling SUV's.  A hand drawn picture of Bernie Sanders and Patrick Leahy taking turns performing fellatio to a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey. I was in trouble...I thought fast...Rex...a quick thinker if there ever was one...suddenly screamed...OH MY GOD FREE PHISH TICKETS!  The crowd ran the way I pointed.  I laughed. Dumb hippies. Hippies are dumber than cops and truck drivers...really think about that.

So when it was mentioned that I should go to the Village Pub and Casino I was filled with anger. Sense memory anger. My brain filled with disturbing imagery...English haberdasher with 2 front teeth...a stinky hippie with a "Jerry Garcia is my father" t-shirt both screaming and gnashing their brown chicklet teeth.  I resisted. I rebuffed their suggestion angrily. "I am not afraid of you genetic freaks!" My friend looked strangely at me while I shook my hand in the air and kicked a hippie that was not there. (I rhymed that sentence for you One Eyed Brenda...only because you let me do things to that socket no man should do.) 
 
Eventually the Thorazene and gas fumes brought me back to my happy place...a island of fat chicks in bra tops and short shorts carry hot women on platters above their heads and the hot women are carrying beers and food above their head. Ah...my happy place.  I relented. I released the loathing. I went to the Village Pub.  Despite the 3 hours of sobbing and thrashing around the parking lot...I enjoyed myself immensely.  The inside looks like an old school Vegas dining room. Read fake leather round booths. Nautical pictures on the walls.  Kind of the place my dear sweet Aunt Gary Cooper Martinez took me to as a child.
  
There are a few stand outs on the menu.  First and foremost...the burgers. Rex loves a good burger. Lots of good burgers, good toppings. The meat is tremendous and it is actually flame broiled. It tastes amazing. Pefectly cooked everytime. I would say that I do have one problem. The Southwest burger has jalapenos on it. Sometimes they are raw. Sometimes they are cooked. They are better cooked. It is 50/50. Rex doesn't like 50/50...unless you are talking about the mix between gas and ammonia he huffs. Rex is an animal. You can get a second patty for 2 bucks more. That is good stuff.
 
The broiled chicken is excellent and has a great garlic herb topping.  Excellent.  The steaks are very good and they always have a steak special.  The Prime Rib deal on Saturday packs the house and is a hell of a deal for 10 bucks!  The fish and chips are heavily advertised as a specialty...and honestly...they are good. Not exceptional, but very good. Worth a shot. The fries are thick cut, ask for them to be crispy...if not...a little limp...like you wish Rex was.
 
Village Pub is an EXCELLENT lunch spot.  Dinner, not so great. The dinner meals were not nearly as good. Pasta was okay, the fish was over cooked. Small things.  

One major plus...the bar is separated from the dining area and they are completely separated by a glass wall. No smoke. No screams from the drunks. No need to hear a grown man cry as he realizes he lost all of his money and was forced to spend 3 nights on the street until his check from getting a bag of Fritos with a mouse head in it...it was cold that night. For you it is always cold without Rex. Get an extra blanket. Rex is gone.
The best steak, eggs and bloody Mary"s in town
Great little joint...  I had the chicken Panini and was very impressed with taste and freshness.  My friends had burgers, steak and one had a salad.  Everything looked great.  I will be back for sure, so far my favorite local joint.
Not sure where to go, the wife and I ended up at Village Pub. I have had good lunch experiences at other Village Pub locations, so we figured it was a safe bet for a decent dinner.

We didn't have to sit long before someone came by to take our drink order, a few moments later, the server stopped by and asked if we had any questions. 

So far, so good.

I ordered a chicken Parmesan Pannini, the wife, a chicken pasta dish.

Our food came out pretty quick and looked like it would be good. Her chicken was charred so bad, it was almost pure black, and was dry & tough from being overcooked. The pasta and sauce were good though. The included bread had an odd flavor.

My pannini bread also had a strange, plastic-y flavor to it, which ruined the rest of the sandwich, as it seemed like it tasted good.

If you are going in for easy, fried bar food, or apparently, anything without bread, I am sure you may not be disappointed. Not sure if we will give this place another shot or not.
My fiance and I like this place.  He always gets the fish and chips, which really are some of the best we've had.  I haven't really had anything bad on the menu.  The prices seem about right for as much as you get, and the service is good.  We enjoy Village Pub.
Best ribs in town !!!  (And I've tried them all!)  I love their Thursday special!
My earlier review of Village Pub was much more favorable.  Now that I have been back a few times, I have downgraded my rating a bit.  The main reason for this is the service.  I went there tonight and waited for fifteen minutes for someone to come around and take my order.  I eventually gave up.  That also happened one other time when I went to Village Pub for dinner.  I like the food, but it doesn't matter if I can't even get someone to take my order!
Rex can NO LONGER bear this burden in silence. Rex will admit when things are not right. Rex WILL call you out on your poor performance...and Village Pub it is your time.

Once upon a time there was a manager at the Villiage Pub...a tall bald bastard. Think if Yul Brenner and Kojak had a baby...the baby was unwanted...they attempted a back alley abortion...and it didn't take.  He was a good man and a better manager. He is no longer there and the place sucks! What does Rex hate more than anything else...okay...besides herpes of the anus...RIGHT... inconsistency. The damn place can't make two hamburgers at once without screwing them up. The food is not as good, period. Even if done as ordered... it isn't as good. The signature pot pie used to be the best in the city. Now, the sauce is so buttery it breaks when it cooks. The burgers are NEVER the right temperature.  

Rex can't understand. Was it all baldy? Did they change cooks? When did urinating on your food and screaming "WHERE IS BALDY...WHERE IS MY BALDY" become a crime?  To add insult to injury...they have a card, a "rewards" card... it used to be 100 bucks spent to get 10 bucks back. Fair. Now it is 200 to get 10 bucks. Not so much. Rex has to eat there 12 times to get 10 bucks? Insane. 

The Village Pub had a moment...a moment where it was the best food in a 3 mile radius. Now Rex never goes there. Rex can't. The memories of what was saddens him...and a sad Rex is a urinating Rex.
I mean really.. Whats not to like about the Pub?  When I find out Ill make sure to post it.. Until then this is mine and my husbands go to spot for just about anything.. The prices used to be alot cheaper but I can live with it.. The burgers are good.. The chicken fingers good.. The chicken fried steak and the chicken parm Yum Yum.. The desserts ain't too shabby either
Ok, so one of my pet peeves on Yelp is when people leave 4 or 5 star reviews for fast food/chain places that are undeserving. But hear me out on Village Pub. I've been to multiple locations and never had a bad experience. I usually go late night/early morning after work. I've never sat in the restaurant, only at the bar. But the menu is the same. The prices are SUPER reasonable. You can easily eat for under 10. 

First of all the the whole menu is available 24 hours a day. Which is great, and a lot of things are homemade. Here are some of the things I've had.

Potato Skins - Way better than Fridays, 4 Giant potato halves topped with bacon, cheese, and onions. Really good.

Wings - Just OK. Nothing special.

Meatball Sliders - Seriously one of the best meatballs I've ever had. They are served on a mini pretzel roll. They are so good. and only 5.99. I would never expect a Pub to have decent italian food, but its soooo good.

Chicken Fried Steak - Also really good, the "steak" is actually pork. But its hand battered and fried. Topped with really good gravy. The breakfast potatoes are awesome.

It's not a fancy place, I wouldn't take a date there. But its quality food at good prices.
I've only frequented the one in Henderson on Sunset and the one on South Rainbow, both have been great for breakfast, the steak and eggs especially.  The happy hour at the South Rainbow location, with $2 drafts and 1/2 price appetizers. fantastic.  For that, these two places get an "A".

But as someone noted, their reward card is now pretty much of a joke.  They changed the earning levels so dramatically, it would take me years to get a $10 credit...so on that, and for doing so without any advance notice or taking into consideration past credits earned, they get an "F".

So they have 3 stars, the average between an "A" and a "F".
There is a person working at Village Pub that needs to be sacked immediately.

Yesterday me and two friends joined a party of three other friends at Village Pub on Sunset sometime around 8.30pm. When we arrived and sat down in the bar to order some bar snacks and beers we were incredibly rudely advised to move to a table instead of sitting in the bar since we were not gambling. I could have understood this if there were a lack of machines, but there was NO ONE in the bar. 

Apart from us there were one other group of people in the whole place. 

We sat down at the table and got some food and drinks, trying to ignore the horrible bartender. We were chatting away and having a good time and laughing. This is NOT acceptable behavior at the Village Pub.

Without any kind of warning the bartender took our food and drinks and threw us out for being "too loud".

I still don't really understand what happened. We are all in our mid-thirties, we were sober and properly dressed.

I wil never visit this Village Pub again (the one on Eastern is good, for example!) and I will make sure to tell everyone I know of what a horrible experience I had here. 

You, rather tall, dark-haired bartender, working on Sunday night the 16th of September 2012 - I hope that taking out your personal problems on your customers for no reason whatsoever will cause you to lose your job. You are a horrible person and should not work with people ever again.
I am a consulting engineer that frequently stays at the La Quinta near this pub.  The food is decent and the drinks weak.  This review would be considerably higher if the prices advertised on their happy hour menu were accurate.  I am constantly over charged at this place to accommodate the under charging of locals.  Not to mention the female bartender is constantly complaining to the locals about her life and ignoring the rest of the bar.   While this is going on the obviously over served locals begin to throw things at her that end up hitting me.  If this place was managed correctly it would be a decent establishment.
I was very pleased overall with my first Village Pub experience.  

In waiting for a movie to start, we hit up the pub for a drink and a light meal.  The staff was incredibly accommodating.  We asked about having a snakebite, and while they weren't familiar with the drink (and also not having any cider), they gave us a small beer sampler to try so that we could find a nice substitute.  Seriously, who does that?  Service was just all around very nice and helpful.

In ordering food, I got the chicken wings.  Service was prompt, and they were really good, no, actually great chicken wings.  Probably some of the better ones that I've had in a good while.  They also have a lot of specials, which I would like to try sometime in the future.

Prices were reasonable, for a smoking bar, the effect was pretty unobtrusive, and the decor was very British with its paintings and wood paneling.  The bar just had a good vibe overall, which was complimented by the tasty food and friendly service.

When hitting up the movie theater in the area again, I will definitely stop in for a before or after movie cocktail after this first impression.  I like nice people, good food and beer, and reasonable prices.  Check, check, and check.

Worth a visit.
We had fish and chips and a grilled chicken sandwich. Both were very good. 

They had an awesome Amber Ale on tap. Good steak fries.

Probably the best food in the Jet Blue wing/area of the Las Vegas airport.
JUST FABULOUS!

Always love the food here!  Service with a smile and delicious meals no matter what we order.  I never know why it is never crowded though with food this good.  I am always dumfounded but it's my little secret...............a place we always go to because it is so yummy and reasonably priced.  High five!
I'm not sure what happened between the time the 5-star ratings were written and the time I was in a couple of days ago, but there is a pretty big disconnect.

Interesting that a place this small would have two people serving -- one for the initial drinks and one for the food, but anyway ... The place wasn't busy, yet the service was slow and disjointed ... our server seemed confused about, well, everything.  He didn't know the menu, didn't understand how to split out the check and it took an inordinate amount of time just to get out of the place.

The food ... a New York Strip and eggs with home fries, $9 ... okay, it's supposed to be a really great cut of meat, right?  At least two full tablespoons worth of gristle and fat left behind on my plate after.  Another at the table was in the same shape, and sending things back, after the wait to get them, wasn't an option.

The jumbo shrimp cocktail ... 5 large, bulbous, rubbery, tasteless prawns hooked over a cup of spicy ketchup, $12.

Oh, and forget that it's a "non smoking" restaurant ... the giant lounge/bar/casino is smoking with no air cleaning and it's through there you reach the dining room.

For the price, food quality, air quality, and service level, just find a chain somewhere close that trains its staff and has some quality control and give this place a pass.
Everything is great about this Village Pub location. From the friendly staff and generous portions to the tasty food and nightly specials. We have ordered the french onion soup (excellent), fish & chips (amazing), french dip (excellent), ham steak & eggs with country potatoes (very good), BBQ bacon burger (excellent), ribs (excellent) and I really like their steak fries and potato salad. The Monday night special of a half a baked chicken with 2 sides is perfect. The drinks are poured well and the bartenders are the nicest around. This place has the best customer service around and they strive to make you happy.
We come here for the cheap happy hour drinks and wings. My favorite from the menu is the Cobb salad. I order it with the house vinegar dressing and lemon wedges on the side. Its the best traditional Cobb salad in the city!
The signature pub Shrimp and the Fish n Chips are served made to order and worth the value. We had a salad and a cup of chili soup of the day too. The food is exactly what we expected and the service was excellent. This is the best location of the 4 others we have been to where those lack friendly service, pride, and taste. Kudos to this location.
After a long day I decided to meet a friend at a casual establishment and since I recently opened a business in the neighborhood I thought it would be nice to meet our neighbors.   I never give bad reviews.... but this place does NOT want your business.  

After being warned about our casual conversational speaking level, we kept quiet and proceeded to sit in the corner and speak at low levels about daily events and politics.  We were asked again to keep our conversation to a minimal.

Apparently you cannot speak in this bar because it disrupts patrons.   

This bar is a funeral procession.   I have never been treated so rudely for spending money.  

Unless you are on your way to your death bed and hate noise or any conversation--- leave this place out.! 

People go here to die.
I used to frequent Barleys when I lived in Henderson and ate beef as the cafe's burgers are second to none in town, especially for the price. The cafe is not really seperate from the rest of the casino so you do get a bit of smoke and the noise. Unless it has changed you need a players club card to get the best deal. Other than the burger and fries Barleys has a good selection of microbrews brewed on site that are, in my opinon, the best in town. My favorite of the brews are Red Rock and Blue Diamond. Overall if you can manage the atmosphere it is worth dropping by for the beer and burgers.
I don't think Barley's gets enough credit!

It's a good place to go for a burger and a beer (make sure you get the player's card, playa).

The brews are good, my favorite is the Red Rock... for you people familiar with San Diego, it's similar to an Amber Karl Straus.

The chairs are comfy in the sportsbook area but I'm partial to the bar, especially when the Laker game is on.  

I won 3 dollars when I first came here! That's three more than I played! (I'm not a gambling woman). 

Simply.... get a burger or a pizza and you'll be okay.
I went to eat here tonight because they sent me a buy one get one free meal coupon, how can i resist??? 

So we get seated, this guy comes to order our drinks and we both ask for water....he never came back, then another guy asks for our drink order and guess what.. he never comes back! we ordered freakin water for christs sake! So then this lady comes over get our drink order and she brings us some water. finally ahhhh. i was dying of dehydration! its a desert out there u kno!!!!!!
  
then we order out food, it came out pretty quickly and the corn was kinda overcooked and mushy but other then that i cant really complain too much. we paid and went to go walk over to the bar.

so serious pet peeve, people who sit at the bar where there are games and do not play... if u r going to sit there than play or sit at a seat with no machine. Of course it is full of people not playing and i cant even get a seat. annoyed i left. 

this review is one bad experience but i want to say i have had 4 star experiences at this place but this was my first time in their restraunt section.. that part gets 2 stars!!
Attended the 15th anniversary and had a mixed experience.  How can you knock 15 cent beer, pizza and wings?  I can't, especially when the beer is pretty damned good.  Now the bad news...the service.  I was standing in line at the beer stand near the sports book.  I didn't mind waiting because they were fairly busy due to the cheap prices.  As I got to the front, I was second in line.  The guy behind me asked the guy pouring the beer a question and to my surprise the server asked him what he wanted and helped him.  The lady in front of me turned and said "I guess we wasted our time standing in line."  The other server, a blond lady finally helped us.  When it was my turn, I ordered 4 beers.  She told me that she could only give me 2.  That would be fine except that 2 out of the 3 people in front of me were served 3 each by her.  I only remember that because I was trying to figure out how to carry 4 and was watching how they carried their 3.  If the rule is 2 per customer, fine, but don't arbitrarily enforce the rules.  It made me feel discriminated against and irritated me the rest of the night.  I hadn't been in there for years but was enjoying my night.  In an instant, it turned and now I won't be back over something that could have been avoided.
The service is terrible. The food is only decent. The only reason I could ever see coming back here would be for the beer, and quite frankly, I'd rather drive across town to the Tenaya Creek Brewery. I can say I won't be a return customer
I've been here twice. Well, actually one and a half times. The first time the service was ok, but the food was awful. We got the bacon wrapped shrimp and it was RAW. I can think of few things as terrifyingly bad as raw shrimp, wrapped in raw bacon. Can you? 

But alas, I live two blocks away and thought, well we will give it another shot. My sister saw on the website that there were fried oreo sundaes. We said ok what the hell. So we went down, and sat. And sat. And sat. Finally we started debating whether we needed to walk up to the bar and get menus or leave or what, and someone came over. We ordered waters while we checked out the beer selection, and waited for her to return so we could ask some menu questions, like where were the oreo sundaes ont he menu? She dropped the waters and left. And left. And left. And never returned. Finally we left as well and went to the village pub down the street. MUCH better. :) 

I tried to give this place a second chance. I WANT to like this place, I can walk there in two minutes from my apartment! It says they have five dollar dinners, but we never go tot ask about them cause there was no server. The wings on the menu were 7 dollars, but there was sign that said five dollar wings...at the pizza place. However the pizza place, restaurant and bar are all one entity so I dont understand where we go for that deal. 

Oh and the oreo sundaes are a lie. :(
I used to live right by Barleys and I would go there to watch football games, drink cheap beer, and eat cheap pizza.  On game days there pizzas were $5 and the rest of the time they are about $7.  I went back there recently because I heard they were having a Brewfest.  The Brewfest was pretty sweet and after embibing a bit I decided to grab a pizza.  Now this wasn't the best pizza I've ever had in my life but it was pretty darn good!  For the price, it was a steal.  Their beers are pretty delicious as well and they offer a sampler of them that isn't too pricey.  On gamedays this place was always jam packed but any other time I've been it was empty, which can be good or bad.  The inside is nice ad the decor seems pretty up to date.  I've always had fine service when I came.  Bottom line: not a bad place to grab some great beer and watch a game.
There's only one food I love more than burgers: the baked potato. It is, in a word, perfect. It's very hard to mess up, and when you get it, it's a canvas for some of the most delectable toppings ever. I could eat one every day (and almost proved this in the summer of 2003 on Orientation Staff).

So when I saw a billboard for AYCE soup, salad, pizza and POTATO BAR at Barley's, I got a little food-rection. So today I checked it out, and I have to say, I was somewhat impressed.

First off, they call themselves a "casino," but let's not lie: It's a slothouse. They have a small sportsbook too. No tables. So don't get all hot and bothered about gaming.

The cafe is where the AYCE is. $4.99 for the whole thing? Not quite. But after the required drink (and showing your player's card) and tax and tip, it's about $9 (I tip healthy), which is about the price of Sweet Tomatoes/Souplantation BEFORE tax and tip and what not. So still a good bargain.

And the spread is pretty decent too. I make simple salads, but they do include ham and chicken at no extra cost. Plenty of dressings (with a light ranch! Hooray!). No fancy-schmancy stuff like sprouts -- BAH! Who needs em?

As for the potatoes, they're well-cooked. Not burnt and dry, but not raw. Pile on some of the salad toppings (a little cheese, a little bacon, revenge of the light dressing) and you have instant happy (and instant full belly).

As for the pizza and soup options, the pizza is only cheese. And it looked kinda sickly under the light. But after being daring and trying it anyway, it was actually quite tasty. Not high quality but still good. If the pizza portion is what drew you here, I offer you apologies, and recommend you read my reviews more often to avoid disappointment.

They have a beef barley (GET IT? CUZ IT'S NAMED BARLEY'S! WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA!) soup and a soup of the day, which that day was some kind of chowder, so I passed on the soup.

And they brew their own beer, so beer lovers should definitely check it out. I didn't have any this time, but maybe next. Oh yes, there will be a next.

Service was a little slow, but that's okay because if you take this option it's mostly serve yourself. And if you don't want to do the AYCE thing, there's a full menu too. I may have to try that sometime.

A nice little hidden dive in Henderson. Sweet Tomatoes, consider yourself challenged.
Decided to try Barleys for dinner with my roommate the other night. The smell of old bacon wafting in the air outside should have given me a clue. And if it didn't, the sticky table, cold tea, and dirty menu should have. Or perhaps the staff who don't even know the food to help suggest something. They're probably smart enough to eat elsewhere. Did I leave at this point? No. No, I did not. Why not? Because clearly I'm an idiot. My roommate got orange roughy that I could smell from across the table. I got the salad bar and pretty much just ate the baked potato. It's really hard to screw that up. They have old ass pizza at the salad bar, in case you were wondering. Now my roommate and I just talk shit about it every day. Good times. 

The moral of the story is if you want a good meal, don't go to Barleys. If you need something new to make fun of, however, Barleys is your place.
Okay...met some friends today at Barleys to watch football. The food and beverage service was horrible. Our beverage server was slow, forgetful and doesn't understand the cycle of service. The casino porter cleaned up a beer that the server knocked onto the floor from our table right away but he nor she would clear dirty dishes from our table. We thought of just dropping the dishes on the floor...LOL. I am not sure that the pay as you go system was effective especially with how she executed it. The casino is missing revenue and the server is missing tips by such ineptitude.  We will be going elsewhere for week 3 of the season.
The salad bar is legit!

 Fresh, crisp veggies, variety of cheeses, egg, grilled chicken, homemade dressings AND they have brick oven cheese pizza, soups and a baked potato section. All you can eat for $5 plus drink purchase. 

Why do I choose this place over the "Sweet Round Red Things" place? 
-No wait usually. Great service.
-No screaming, coughing maniac kids rubbing boogers on the booths
-It's dark, but light enough to read
-If I am with someone who doesn't do salad bars they can order a burger and I can steal their fries:)

It's nothing fancy, but it's just right for me when I am eating clean.
Good hamburger for lunch and helpful service.
BEST place for Sunday footbal!! That is where you will find us!! $1 beers and $5 food menu! Most of the staff has been good (Candy, not so great!). Beer is cold, food is decent..no major complaints.
I don't really drink beer but they have beer that I have to say I LOVE!!
Las Vegas Brewery Stop #5

Barley's is located in Henderson, a good 15 minutes outside of Vegas. It was nice to see the area besides the strip...where actual people live and play. The bar is in the center of the casino. We sampled:

Blue Diamond Beer - lager
Black Mountain Beer - dark lager
Boulder Golden Hefeweizen
Oktoberfest

The beer wasn't my style...all were very light bodied, due to the fact they were mostly lagers. Growlers were only $8.99 and $4.99 for refills! I wish I liked them more. This place did have charm though as a casino though. Well spread out and friendly staff.
The service at the bar was great. I didn't eat or gamble so I don't know about the food or the cocktail service but the bar was a nice place to relax. Not too smoky, crowded, or noisy. This could have been due to the fact that it was early afternoon on a weekday and my +1 and I were the only people seated at the bar. Regardless, the bartender was fun and energetic. She rattled off the specials and was very helpful and pleasant. The pitcher I ordered was only $7.50 and the wheat beer was very good. My only complaint is due to the lack of orange slices. But that is more of a personal preference. She did offer slices of lemon for my beer but i prefer oranges with my Hef. I'll stop in again when I'm in the area and have time for a beer.
Yeah. They got rid of the $4.99 AYCE Salad Bar. Oh yes, it's still there, but now it's $7.99. No more discounts. And if I'm going to pay full price for a salad bar, I need a little more variety. It was fine at $5, not so much at $8.

Considering that it was the primary redeeming factor about the place, that's a massive FAIL.
My girlfriend and I spent the better part of a month TRYING to be regulars at this place, which is an absurd concept in and of itself.

We like cheap bar food on occasions, and the beers are quite great. We even brought a good number of our friends to try the place on different occasions, believing we'd stumbled on a fine, laid back experience. However, I've never encountered a more aggressively rude and unwelcoming wait staff. Every exchange was excruciating. Every minor request was met with a look of consternation followed by snail-paced service.

I think all of the bartenders are great, but I can't stomach more than a single star for an establishment that made me feel like I was continually imposing on them for daring to spend money on their service.
I love any place that caters to locals. That alone warrants an extra star. Sometimes, especially in a place like Las Vegas, we take places like Barley's and the Station Casinos for granted because there are so many of them catering to the people that visit their establishments every other weekend. Since I've come from many places that don't favor the locals like this, I enjoy Barley's and the atmosphere. 

Now, I can only comment on a couple parts of this casino. First, the bar. I love the bartenders that work until around 1:00-2:00PM; they are very nice, always have a smile, actually act like they enjoy their jobs and maybe even, GASP, LIKE their jobs! When we go in there they recognize us, and almost always we have a Blue Diamond beer and Jameson straight up waiting for us as we get out our players cards. I've ordered food at the bar and they always get it right, and it is some of the best service I've had at a bar. I like coming here, and if you sit at the right place at the bar you won't be blinded by the cluttered casino floor filled to the brim with slot machines.

The other night we went to the Brewers Cafe. I didn't have high expectations of going to this restaurant because come on, a restaurant with a grilled salmon filet and side dish for $13? This can't be good. WRONG. I forgot that Vegas is nice on a budget if you don't become Drunky McGee and lose your life savings at the craps tables. First, the service. I am terrible at remembering names, but this woman was wonderful. Friendly to all of her tables (which is not easy to do at times), and she made me feel comfortable about eating my food (I am gluten free). She didn't push any item in particular to us to increase her sales, quickly mentioned the salad bar and didn't push dessert. Loved it. Nice and easy, in and out, good times.

Now the food. My biggest pet peeve about restaurants is when you order a meat medium rare or, for those who like to eat shoe leather, well done, and when it comes it is the opposite of your order. Seriously, eating well done meat hurts me from top to bottom, and not in the happy way. Moving forward. My fiance ordered the NY Strip medium rare and when he cut it open IT STILL MOOED!!! It was PERFECTLY cooked and lightly seasoned with all that is really necessary for a good piece of meat, salt and pepper. No steak sauce necessary (don't even get me started about steak sauce). They have two kinds of fries, skinny fries and steak fries that have a house seasoning. What? Two kinds of fries at a small casino restaurant? That's right, I take joy in the smaller things in life. He got the skinny fries and was not disappointed.

I ordered the above mentioned grilled salmon. I liked that they didn't dredge it in flour before grilling it, mostly because I am gluten free, but I also do not feel the salmon needs to be floured up to keep in the juices. Salmon is another dish that can easily be overcooked, dry and plain. At Brewer's Cafe? Perfect. They had enough lemon to squeeze onto the fish that could blind your eyes should you squeeze it in the wrong direction. LOVE. The salmon? Perfectly flaky, not overly seasoned or dripping in butter (I know, the rare moment when I don't want my food in a pool of butter), not lost in a flooding of sauce to mask the dryness, just perfect. Also, HUGE portion. HUGE. I could barely finish it, but most people know, if the food is good I will walk, shake and jiggle until I can fit it all in! The side vegetable, green beans, were standard, but also were not terrible. The baked potato? Massive and came with butter and sour cream. Sounds good to me! Let me put it this way, I had a dream about that salmon later that night. Maybe that was the vodka talking, but that salmon was great for only $13! It was no Joel Rubuchon, but hey, it's $13 and at a restaurant called Brewers Cafe in a CASINO called Barley's.

All in all, I think it's great. I don't know much about the rest of the casino, but I do know if I want a more low key night out doing a little gambling and drinking after a hearty meal, I will go back to Brewers Cafe in a heartbeat.
Warning - great beer. They cater to locals but visitors are always welcome. Stumbled on this little joint (not literally) and what a gem. They do a $2 happy hour for a 22oz craft beer. Hefe is great, chocolate stout is good, blue diamond is good. Their beers seem consistant and they offer good specials. $8.99 growler, $4.99 refill, $2 happy hour, food decent price, etc. As a bonus if you hit both happy hours in the same day, the bartender remembers your name and drink.
I've dined here several times, and surprisingly, I've never had anything other than breakfast with them, but breakfast is the most important (and sometimes ONLY) meal of my day, so when I'm in the neighborhood (which isn't all that often, unfortunately), I definitely make it a point to go in, sit down, flirt with the waitress and enjoy some of the best food I've ever eaten.

It's a quiet place to nosh, and not crowded at all.

I think you'd enjoy it, and perhaps you'd become a "semi-regular," as I am.
Barleys is a ok small locals casino. It's also a brewery but the beer here is not that great in my opinion. They have nice specials during happy hour and during football games. The pizza is decent and salad bar is alright. I've had a few bad experiences when it comes to service here but I can't complain too much cause the place is cheap
Went here late last night (or really early this morning, I suppose). It wasn't happy hour since it was Friday, unfortunately. However, they did have a player's card special, which I think was $4.99 for burger and a 12 oz beer. They also had their 3 eggs, 3 bacon/sausage, hash browns, and toast thing for $2.99, but we weren't interested in any of that. I thought my burger was okay, fries were great, and beer was pretty good. It's not too bad a place for locals.
I definitely prefer the salad bar at Barley's to Sweet Tomatoes.  The ingredients are fresh and the lettuce is crisp.  Best of all, I don't have to pay extra for my protein.  Score.  The salad dressings are good.  I have a deep, abiding love affair with garbanzo beans and black olives, and this salad bar had both.  Another score.

The service is a little.... eh.  I mean, the waiter brought me my drink and my check and that's about it.  He didn't bother to clear my plates or anything, but I guessed he just assumed he wasn't getting much of a tip anyway.  I guess that's how it works.

I think the price is very fair - $7.99 for soup, salad, pizza, and baked potatoes isn't bad at all.  I definitely filled up and felt satisfied.  I can't see myself CRAVING this place, but if I want a fresh, relatively no-frills salad, I'll be back.
I'm always at Smith's Grocery store in the same plaza and am always curious about this place, so when my parents were in town visiting, I suggested we check it out because it just looks HUGE from the parking lot and plaza.  Umm not the case. It's a really small casino, and you're lucky to get a machine. We went on a Wednesday night and found it difficult to find one. Stayed maybe 15 minutes and decided to head to Sunset Station. Won't be back.
I recently came here for the Barley's Brewfest and it was well rounded. It might not have been the best selection of beers and breweries, but enough to get this lightweight glowing. I did not get to try most of the brews I had on my drink list, but I did get one. Banger Brewery did have their El Heffe beer. 

The setting was outside in the front of the casino. All the conditions were in favor of the attendees; perfect 80 degree weather, cool beers flowing, and delicious food is a recipe for a fun time. 

I did enjoy the BBQ available for purchase. The best items were the keilbasa and the brisket. I am hardly on this side of town, but for this BBQ I might have to change that. As I was walking around, I saw people with jugs of Barley's signature brews. It is nice to know that I can purchase my favorite beers and take them home to enjoy later.
Bottoms up! Another beer buffet! So many choices of beer you can drink. There was a mix between a DJ and Live performances and the food had great portions for a great price!

$5 bucks for an entree and chips? I'm jelly! My favorite was the Jalapeno beer!  It sounds weird but is just pure awesomeness!

Pros: Plenty of beer and cheap food!

Cons: Dont drive if you're drinking!
Stopped in for lunch.  If you can handle the cigarette smoke, the food was decent.  Had salmon....a little dry without any kind of sauce, green beans cooked perfectly and fresh.  Their own amber beer, Red Rock, is pretty good...akin to Fat Tire without the caramel after taste.  Bar staff was nice and attentive.
I love that this little local casino doesnt have tacky casino carpet, it actually has hardwood floors. Also, the sports book is comfy, the casino machines are not so packed in that you have a hard time noving about. The cafe has good steak, could add more veggies on the plate but add the salad bar & you have more veggies. The salad bar has excellent pizza, I really dont care for thier salad dressing brand whatever it is but nice choices to add to a salad. The servers are very friendly as well as the host/cashiers. The only reason Barleys didnt get 5 stars is because 2 times I have ordered my steak med well however it arrived med rare. I dont drink beer but my husband does & tries a new one each time, his favorite seems to be the darker ale. I also like that the servers refill your drinks & water constantly.
Great pizza and Sweet Chili wings in The Brewer's Cafe. My wife and I ordered their pizza. I have tried MANY pizzas. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised! My only complaints about this place would be that the menu is just a tad too small. Another tip: Anything fried comes out PIPING HOT!!! ;-)
Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games!
Barley's is a lot of fun, especially if you eat int he bar and lounge area. This is a great place to watch sports.  The beers they brew on site, especially the Black Mountain Unfiltered are really good. The food is all pretty good and I've always enjoyed the service no matter what time of day I go in.
Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games! Love being able to drink Vegas craft beer while watching the Patriots!
It's quite unlike me to go into casinos, but I got a flat tire and was parked outside of here waiting for a friend. I was craving a burger and was hoping that since they are owned by the Wildfire people that maybe the burgers would be good here too. Of course I've only heard that Wildfire had good burgers so I may have been going on bad info for all I know. Anyhow, so I go in here and make my way to the back cafe.

Good...
Friendly service! I have to actually give the server props. I was in a FOUL mood and not being very friendly. Not outright mean or anything, but I was super stressed. She was so nice and even hurried my food since she could tell that I was waiting to get somewhere. I tipped 30% to try to thank her for that!

Cheap...Seriously, a burger and fries for $6. That's pretty cheap especially since you aren't at a fast food place. Definitely worth going back to try other things and see if I just ordered the wrong thing.

Smoke free....or at least I didn't smell any smoke and I am SENSITIVE. Usually you go in casinos and they reek of cigarettes, but this place didn't seem to have  a problem. I don't even remember seeing anyone smoke but I'm sure they do. Ick.

Bad...
Bad seating for singles...I really hate sitting at a table by myself. That's why I usually go to bars. There is a bar in the cafe but there are no chairs around it and it isn't stocked. The servers go to the casino bar to get drinks. I'm sure they just didn't have a call for it, but it still sucks. Here I was sitting in a big booth that could have fit four plus purses. 

Mediocre food...The burger was just ok. Pretty sure the meat was from frozen and the fries were DEFINITELY frozen. I guess I'm spoiled from being in Denver where the restaurants practically compete to have the "Most Awesome Anything." The corporate mindset of Las Vegas definitely leaves something to be desired.

Lots of old people...this place seems like it must be the local eatery for all the old people in the area. Everyone seem pretty dated. It makes someone like me who is only in their 30's think that I don't really want to go back again. 

All in all this place was ok and I may try it again one day. I have hope that there might be some better things on their menu if they are taking time to brew beer. If I hadn't been in such a crap mood I probably would have had beer but I wanted bourbon. Of course in this area the best you ever get is Maker's. Oh to see a bottle of Blanton's on a shelf would be like heaven.
Great beer, friendly staff, the patrons are even friendly, nice.
We came in for breakfast as the sun was coming up from a hard night of karaoke and booze at Hot Shots. The service was very nice and the food was fresh. I wish they had a late night special, but my friend paid for breakfast so I can't really complain. I got the corned beef hash plate. canned corned beef, but when drunk it is SUBLIME! crispy hash browns and so on. Solid diner food at the right time of day. AAAAAAND you can smoke in the dining room!
We really like this place.  The bartender introduced herself, and shook our hands!  We started talking about the beers they had.  So we decided to go with there special beer....I can't remember the name of it.  But they don't have it all the time. The brew master was present, he introduced himself to us as well, and the hubby and him started talking beer.  We tried a sample or 2 of the others, but didn't care for them.   As long as they still have the one we were drinking we will be back.
The menu looked pretty good, our hearts were set on something else for dinner.  But this was a nice change of pace.
Before we left, the bartender started telling us about there happy hour....SAY WHAT!  $2.00 beer....I'm not talking about Budweiser!  Premium beer 20 oz!  Yes, you will see a check in tomorrow!  lol
Ate here for the first time this evening.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place and figured it was about time I checked it out.

First and foremost this is a locals casino. There is a lot that comes along with that.  Usually kind of run down atmosphere, usually the smell of smoke in the air, and a lot of noise.  This place was no different.

As far as the food goes, it wasn't awful.  I would compare it to outback only cheaper, or TGIF/Applebees. It's not awful, it's not amazing.

I will say that the staff was amazing.  A+ for the employees.
The beers here used to be just HORRIBLE, and I mean HORRIBLE. However there is a new brewer there now and things have improved. Still your standard run of the mill beers, but at least they are drinkable now!

Thanks again Las vegas Beer Tours, without you I would never venture all the way out to this place for a beer!!
Great food, Great beer and the best service in Henderson!! Had terrible service 1 time. That was the only time I  saw that server, so management is obviously paying attention. ALL the rest of the servers are great!!! And HAPPY HOUR is truly HAPPY!!!!
We came here on a Wednesday night and ordered at the bar 
1. NY steak and potato - 10
2. Mahi Mahi - 10 
Used the $10 Groupon for $20 to cover the meals and left $3. 

- Brewer's closed at 8pm, so we went to the bar instead. 
- This place is also a Station Casino. A lot smaller scale.  
- Service was very friendly. 
- Initially, I wanted the prime rib, but the waitress said they were all out that night. fail. 
- This place can't cook a steak. I asked for a Medium and they gave me a Rare. Manager came and said they would make another. This time I asked for Medium well hoping that it would be easier, but they gave be a tough well done! I didn't want the chef to go through the hassle and making another one. 
- Ahi Ahi was bland. Add your own salt and pepper. But expected since labeled healthy choice. 
- Potato was boring. I can make a better potato at the Feast buffet! 
- Although the service was very good, the food was very sub par. Cooking steak should be mastered 101 for a chef
This place definitely gets props for having it's own microbrew and a awesome happy hour!

I had always driven by this place and never noticed it until the Galaxy Theater opened up. Its a pretty small casino, I didn't see any table games but there is 1 bar and restaurant area.  We stopped by before a midnight showing and turns out they have a great late night happy hour on the weekdays. $2 for their 22oz drafts was such a great deal. They make their own beer and its not bad, in fact its the same beer they have on tap at Galaxy - nice to see neighboring businesses being friends.

The hefeweizen was great and they do have a season blueberry hefe worth checking out. I think they have about 9 different beers on tap all brewed in house which is something you don't see very often. The casino/restaurant is pretty average nothing unique or impressive. Barley's is owned by Stations Casinos so they are on the same rewards/player card system which may interest some. Check out happy hour, get $2 beers, be happy.
OK so going here was definitely no on the itinerary for the day. I was at the going to watch a movie next door and I had some time to kill so my friends and I decided to walk over and have a bite to eat before the movie. My initial impression of this place was not the best. It smells like smoke and it looks like a huge bar with one little restaurant. We were all in  the mood for pizza and we were stoked to find out that if you sit at the bar you can order a large pizza with 3 topping for only $9.99. The pizza was firewood oven pizza and let me tell you it was beyond any of my expectations. The pizza was delicious and I would definitely go back for it. This casino actually brews their own beer and sells it in glass jars if you want to take some home with you. I tried the blueberry beer and it was the best beer I have every had. I am not a beer drinker at all and for me to actually finish a beer means a whole lot. I ordered a total of three blueberry beers for my friends and I and it was less than 10 dollars. This place serves delicious beer and pizza at stellar prices! I actually wanted to order a second beer but our movie was about to start. I entered this place expecting the worse and left impressed and open to the idea of coming back. If you love pizza and beer this place is meant for you.
I love supporting local restaurants especially local breweries, but I won't be back here, at least not for the food. My wife and our three kids came here on July 4th with a Groupon thinking we'd get a decent meal before heading to watch fireworks. Everyone of our dishes was overcooked. Prime rib, overdone. Philly cheesesteak, dry and burnt. Chicken park, dry and burnt. Grilled cheese! How do you mess up grilled cheese?! They found a way. I told the management and they comped our meal, which was fine, but I would have rather paid and got a good meal then got a crappy dinner for free. I still have my groupon, but more then likely will not be using it. It's a shame, this was a great local spot before bought out by Station Casinos, now it's just another place to cater to the casino players. Save your money on the food, spend it on the beer.
I tried the beer sampler last night.  The beer was flat and I think I could have made better beer in the closet.  I ordered a vodka and club soda after trying a few sips of their beer.  It was weak.

The bar seats are uncomfortable; after 30 minutes I was ready to leave.

Justine the bar waitress was tending the customers at the tables in the bar and the rest of the casino and was doing a fantastic job making sure everyone had drinks so points for service...just work on the beer.
If you like brisket!  Go on Saturday 5:30 to 8:30 p.m.  The brisket is awesome, they also had links cut up with onions and bell peppers.  corn on the cob, baked beans.  Now all that I mentioned above was pretty good.  I really didn't care for the ribs, the mac and cheese had no flavor, coleslaw....lets just call this cabbage!  For the most part I liked it.
I must say, I was not impressed that they had us eating on Styrofoam plates!  YES!  I didn't like that at all.  They had plastic forks, knives and spoons!  Are you serious!  Yes I'm sooooooooooo Serious.  But I guess there trying to act like your eating at a backyard bbq. Ohhhh, and the salad bar isn't included!
Ok place to stop in Henderson.  It is super huge considering that its in a strip mall.  Lots of machines and a large board with all the odds for items you can place bets on.  It is a bit smokey, so be prepared if you are a non smoker.  We sat at the bar and tried their house beers.  They were all decent for being on the lighter side, but I guess that is good when its 115 outside.  The bar prices were excellent and the service good.
Don't eat here except for breakfast. The morning staff is awesome. Manager Tobyn is awesome. However went to eat dinner there last night and ordered the prime rib rare. It came well done and was told they could do nothing about it.  Ended up ordering a different steak but took 20 minutes (first one took 10). Steak was on. Called over manger,  Tracy I believe, and explained or situation. She couldn't even look us in the eye. She grabbed the receipt and comp-ed the meal but said no apology or nothing. I thanked her for the comp meal but zero response. During this whole time there was another table on their third re-cooked meal. The manager dumped their complaint on the wait staff instead of taking care of the problem. 

Avails this place for anything but breakfast. The evening manager should be ashamed to be so indifferent to customers. The wait staff is very good but have to cost the terrible evening cooks and manager. Remember,  breakfast only at this place.
It's small and smokey. I mean you walk into a cloud of cigarette smoke. I couldn't run out of the cloud fast enough.

We moved to the other side of the casino and it wasn't as smokey. I don't think there is a non-smoking section. 

Drinks aren't bad at all. I paid $8 for a double rum and coke. It was nice and stiff.

We hardly ever gamble but this time we won almost $100. Would return but only because I am in the area.
Stopped in here to try the brews and have some dinner. It took awhile for the waitress to come to take our order- not like there was a ton of people in the bar. I have to admit though,  the service was pretty good overall.
The beer prices were really good ($5 for a pitcher). I ordered a pitcher of the hefeweizen which came with a cup of lemons. Good thing because my first sip was terrible. I had to put the lemon in to cut the taste. My husband ordered a pitcher of the amber. He left the pitcher half full on the table.
The pretzel bites and pot stickers were pretty good. The ultimate grilled cheese would've been better with bacon or a more flavorful cheese. Just blah. My husbands burger looked as though the patty and cheese sat for a couple hours. The cheese literally looked like wax paper. 
All in all, not impressed. We won't be returning.
It should be a zero. Today, Sunday the 1st of Dec. 2013, was the first and probably my last time I'll spend time and $$ at this joint. I gave it a 2 stars. Only because the cashier and the writers at the sport's book were 4.5 stars as they should be.
The problem lies within the beverage employees behind the bar, bartenders. I just drop 2 "C" notes on sport's bets and also had $150 in the video poker machine at the bar. Problem: I returned from the book. I said a little loud, "I need a bartender". 
 1. The two gave a stare/look to kill. Remember I'm the customer and I don't drink alcohol.  2. The lead said my name is J----n and reached out to shake my hand and mentioned the co-worker's name. 3. I asked for an ice tea. I got my tea. From that moment on, I had the plague. Totally ignored. Their eyes had FU  when they walk by me as they worked. They knew how much I was playing with. Besides, I was an invited guest by two regular customers. One, who just retired from Boyd gaming , who rant and raved about this place. My other friend from Ventura who was also disgusted by the double standard. 3hours at the bar and only 1 ice tea. Asked for a another drink and didn't get one. Not even asking me if everthing is okay.  Man, that was one hellava expensive ice tea($350). Is there a "PC" for the last legal drug dealers in America (bartender)?. I'm a plus 25yrs northwest resident of Vegas. Work in Silicon Valley and might go viral. I have many good friends who can.
. Go there at your risk of shame. I used NO pronouns! 
 I will follow up with Station Casino inc. 
---Bottom line and the malady--I left a $2.00 TIP---Love you guys(sic)
Stepping through the door is like going back in time and not in a good way! Waited nearly 10 min to be acknowledged by a server then when prompted she only knew one of the multiple specials on at the time. Also as a brewery I'd highly suggest training your staff on styles of beer. Dark is not an adequate description and all beers are not lagers. I'm sure the food menu hasn't changed since the doors first opened so we didn't have the guts to order what surely would be frozen food microwaved to half life.
I am updating my previous review to an A-OK based upon the following: Barleys Brewfest, staying in business while neighbors closed and their beer remains decent.  The signature brew is Red Rock Oktoberfest Lager.
We wanted to join a few friends to watch the early game. One of my friends suggested Barley's. We met around 11:30am and the place was already pretty busy. my friends found us seats and waited for the waitress. She came over after a bit of time, and when one of my friend asked about specials she never said anything about pitchers being $5. Incidentally, she also charged me $4 for a bloody Mary that I think should have been $3 but I didn't find out until later so we it go. Bloody Mary's were not that good either, but what does I expect from a casino bar? 
We knew it was busy so we tried to give her some slack. She finally brought the drinks and then we never saw her again. After over 25 minutes I finally decided to write our food order down and take it to her. I found her in the service well and asked her if it would help and handed her the order. She was rude and told me that it actually didn't help and then asked the other waitress to deal with me. Her whole side of the conversation was very rude. At this point I no longer wanted her as my server. 
The new waitress, Amber was very nice. She told me it actually did help and went through the order with me to ensure she had it correct. Even though Amber was busy she always had a smile on her face. 

We ended up ordering most of our drinks from the bar because they were so busy. In my opinion they either should have had another waitress or had one of the bartenders help them. 

The food was OK. One of my friends ordered the chicken sandwich she said it was OK. I ordered scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast potatoes were kinda bland, but whatever we were starving and it was good enough. 

The male food server/busser was excellent and very helpful. This experience doesn't really leaving me dying to come back.
Service is so slow it's ridiculous....they need more servers on football weekends especially.  Most of the time the servers are servicing the casino portion also.
The food is so, so.....won't be back for awhile if at all.
This is an update to my review. This one is updated to mention the breakfast which is the only meal you should eat here. 

Most of the servers and hosts are great people, but I've heard from others that there is one who may be poaching customers to pad her tips. 

As for the food,  the cooks keep their grill so hot, the eggs are always overcooked. But once you go through the ordeal of sending it back it usually comes back as ordered. But this should not happen most visits. 

Again, breakfast should be the only meal you eat here as the lunch and dinner menu items are pretty poor quality.  Even though the eggs are always over cooked, everything else is not bad for breakfast.  1.99/2.99 breakfast special is a great deal. Menu items are a bit on the expensive side for the quality. Stick with the special.
Wow-  I've heard a lot about this place since it is unique inside of the Station Casinos family being a brewery.  Our friend was able to give us a mini tour of the brewery which was very informative.  I don't drink, but I was fascinated with the process and machinery it requires to make a quality beer.

I was really hungry so I ordered the BBQ burger with steak fries, it wasn't that impressive, but for under $10 it's not like I felt ripped off, I will probably order something else next time.

What I was amazed about was the BBQ chicken pizza, it was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had in Vegas!  (And that means a lot, I'm a huge pizza critic).

The joint is a bit smokey though (as you can expect from a casino/bar) but everything is well spaced out.  I can see this as a great neighborhood place to make a few sports bets and enjoy the game.  Or somewhere to get a quick bite to eat before going to the awesome Galaxy movie theater next door!
Waiting to see a movie at the nearby Galaxy Theater?  Don't mind having to pee during your movie?  Make use of your free time at Barley's and get yourself 32 oz. of beer for $5!  Your wallet will thank you for finding a deal, and your bladder will remind you of that deal, all 32 oz. of it, during your movie.

Barley's brews their own beers, and they have the usual offerings: a hef, amber, stout, a lager, and seasonal offerings.  They are decent, not fantastic, but they get the job done.  Service is hit or miss it seems, so order at the bar to get prompt attention.
This review is for the cafe only.  If I could do half stars, I'd rate this a 2.5, but since I can't, I'm rounding down.

Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before a movie on Saturday morning.

Service was quick and polite, but not super personable.  

They have a good selection on their menu, including Steel cut Irish Oatmeal.  

I had the short stack of pancakes, and only got through half.  They are HUGE!  only two pancakes, but in reality, for me, it was the equivalent of 4-6 smaller pancakes... way more food than I anticipate, or wanted.

My bf had the 2 egg breakfast, with bacon, hashbrowns, and an english muffin.
They brought it out with grape jelly, which the fella hates...so they brought out a cup of strawberry jelly.

I've never seen jelly served this way...usually its in packets...I have to wonder about the safety of using big jars and serving jelly in cups...what if its not stored properly?  

The eggs were ok, but one was a little over done.  

All in all, the meal was ok.  I'd probably go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
I give a 3 star not for the beers...the beers are 5 stars, love the red rock it's bomb.  The service is pretty brutal at times so don't be in a hurry at this place. Food is decent, happy hour beers are unbeatable, they have the best deals I have seen. They also have outdoor seating which seems sweet....but it's never open! I don't get that.  Add some extra staff and the beers will sell themselves at this place.
Not bad. For $10 I got a healthy plate of Mahi Mahi with a tomato chutney garnish, green beans and potatoes. Nothin' fancy to make a big fuss about; just a decent meal. The beans were seasoned well and the fish was cooked perfectly. I dipped the potatoes in ketchup. 

They have $2 drafts at random times, which is a good deal for Vegas.
What's the best beer? Cold beer.

Now and then after a 1 star day at work I visit Barley's to enjoy a cold microbrew draft beer and Caveman Keno. The atmosphere and beer elevates a 1 star day to at least 3 stars.

  Barley's is an institution at Sunset and Mountain Vista that dates back to the late 90s. Barley's website alleges that it is the Valley's oldest and Henderson's only microbrewery. Barley's attraction is its microbrewery. It is a microbrewery that produces Black Mountain Beer, Boulder Gold Hefeweizen, Blue Diamond Beer, and Red Rock Original. For the record my favorite is the Blue Diamond Beer. The bartenders or mixotoligists serving the beer have been friendly, going so far as to introduce themselves. The upshot of this popular institution, is that the bar is often filled-to-capacity. 

  In similar fashion to several small businesses, Barley's sold out to a bigger company. Today Station Casinos owns Barley's. The Station preferred card is as good as gold in Barley's. Not only does Barley's gaming machines accept the Station preffered card, they also grant players a "get out of paying for a drink pass" when you put money in the machine. In my case, it works out. I put $5 in the Caveman Keno machine and when all is said and done, I break even because the $5 really paid for the open beer that is elevating a 1 star day to a 3 or above star day. 

  Gaming is fun in Barley's. This is not one of those bars that only offers video poker. This is a bar that features the gaming machines with a spectacular selection of Keno games. And these machines are not stiff. The last time I played at Barley's, Lady Luck struck and I won $100s. That is about the equivalent of 50 Happy Hour Barley drafts. So, sometimes Barley's has the power to elevate a 1 star day to a 5 star day.

  Currently,  Barley's Happy Hour is Monday through Friday at the hours of 4 to 7. $2 drafts are the stars of Happy Hour. The Station Preferred card is the star of Barley's. If your gambling, the drinks are on the house.

  Barley's is more than a casino, bar, and microbrewery. It is also a restaurant. In recent times I dined there once. To put it nicely their beer is better tasting and a better value than their BLT. A glance away from the restaurant is the brick oven pizza. Although I never tried it, the scent from the brick oven adds a nice scent over the bar.

  When you visit Barley's you will come out a winner. That's unless you drink and drive. If the Red Rocks and Blue Diamonds are so good that you've had way too many, there are a few nearby sobering up opportunities. Nextstore is the Galaxy Theaters. Nearby are some decent restaurants including Olive Garden. There is a Smith's. And the CAT bus travels along Sunset Road to Town Square and the Galleria.
Opera House Casino and Saloon showed up on our GPS in a drive through Las Vegas as a restaurant called"Opera Caf", so when we stopped at the empty parking lot in a run-down building standing all by itself on the bad side of Las Vegas Blvd., we weren't sure if we really wanted to go inside. But we went in anyway; it is a really old-looking building with the stuffy smell of smoke overpowering along with some old gambling machines. As you make your way to the right, you find the cafeteria-like dining area, with signs saying meals were $1.99 or something. We open the menu and indeed meals are that much, if you are a value member. We order some chicken fingers and something called an Obama burger, and they give us the $1.99 price for the fingers even though we aren't members. The elderly lady taking our order was very nice and the food was pretty good; not as scary as we thought from the outside.
Where to start ... This place kinda sucks!!!

Having said that .. I keep going back for the same reason.. Food is dirt cheap ( 8oz streak, potatoes,  veggie, and bread for only $4.99 and here is the kicker.. It's actually tasty. Everything is pretty much under 10 bucks.. Fish and chips 4.99 .. Wings and fries 3.99 for a small order... Philly cheesesteak 4.99. Again it's all greasy and super unhealthy. They also have pretty inexpensive beer.. They used to have miller high life bottles for 1 buck... I think thy recently went up to 2 dollars.. 

The bad things about this place.... It's in a seedy, smelly ghetto casino... We call it the silver nuggets dungeon , since they are sister casinos and they basically staff the opera house casino with employees they want to punish..... For a while customer service was horrible.. New waitress all the time, they were angry, upset, and clearly did not want to be at opera house taking orders from hungry customers.  A couple of times we had napkins, ranch or hot sauce pretty much thrown on the table... Some days you really are not welcome there!

The clientele is sometimes just as bad ... I think a lot of the people that come in are on drugs or drunk or both ... Several times they are flat out screaming at the cooks, the waitress , their dinning partners .. .. And even having conversations/ arguments with themselves ...  I've seen lots of people exposing themselves while sitting down or getting up.. To drunk to care or notice I guess..

So bottom line if your broke and want dinner and a show... This place might be the one for you! 

Quick note.. There is always broken glass in the parking lot.... Be careful !
Not what I expected...

I agree that the food is cheap and good.

 However I don't know what is going on here I am pretty darn sure that the person who takes you order is the server, cashier, and almost everything else. (except the chef)
I feel bad because she has to do everything maybe they can't afford to hire one more person idk. The reason for me mentioning this is because the service can be a little slow thus creating conflict.

The food is good and cheap as I mentioned if you feel you have nothing better to do and are on a budget I would definitely come here.
Started the adventure around a year ago. Food and service so bad my husband complained and received a comp. We didn't want to go back there, so we redeemed it at their sister property, Silver Nugget . Tried again @ Opera House 2 wks ago, hubby was reeled in by 16oz t-bone for $5.99. Bad decision. Steak coated in pepper. Returned that and hard as nail potato. Results in another comp, $15 this time. Entire time , mgmt horrified their staff is that horrible. We take my father, probably for amusement value @ this point. Green beans are not seasoned, at all. We ask for them to be sent back, seasoned. Waitress brings back, in same bowl , with pepper liberally shaken on. I know this is a ghetto- fabulous casino, but pepper on everything ? We inform the manager, whom has  a pow wow w kitchen staff . They smugly
 inform us we are no longer welcome. As if...I invite the manager to sample the green beans. She declines , stating she, the 90 lb skinny broad is not picky about her food. It's obvious the food that goes down her gullet passes stringent tests, unlike the employees she hires or the food they serve. Better off  as a snack bar.
A great spot for ultra-casual, general dining. It's simply a bar/dining room in Vegas... and that's not a bad thing. It's very much the neighborhood spot; you see a lot of the same faces and that's quite pleasant.

The staff is friendly and usually very fast. They pay attention, they get to know you and what you like, and they let me change the channel when I want to watch sports. :)

The bar is large and has different seating areas apart from the bar itself: you can sit in the booths along the wall or in two different table areas and still have access to everything. They also offer some pool tables along the back wall. Great for sports and events, though it can be quite loud and hard to have a conversation. 

The food is good. Not amazing, but solidly good. From breakfast to salads to the "typical" bar/appetizer menu to a tasty picatta, they serve you a decent meal with a smile. The chicken wings are a step above good and definitely a must-have late night or while watching the game with friends.

An inexpensive but ultimately drinkable wine list and crisp salads make this an easy choice for lunch with friends or coworkers. 

The full menu is available in the bar, and the full bar is available in the dining room. That's always a good thing.

There's also a meeting room/private dining room if you need it. I have studied in there to avoid the noise in the dining room but still be able to enjoy my dinner.
Did not eat. Good drinks and had Euroupean beer. Good service and atmosphere. Not too noisy and had TVs.
I have recently started a new job in North Las Vegas and have been to Town Center Lounge II a few times now.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The bartender already knows what I drink and I've been in there a few times!
The machines are alright- nothing spectacular, but I imagine you would have to commit $100 or more to really know what they are like.  Their Caveman keno pays really well, though.  
The food is average- nothing spectacular...just your standard bar food and burgers.  
If you are in the neighborhood, this is a nice cool place to escape the heat for a few drinks.
I had the Ultimate Chicken sandwich without bacon... Good service, good food (small portions) .

Everything that was just ok. The place is a little run down and looks like the current management team doesn't care to keep the place up. 

It was windy outside, so I could hear the breeze blowing through a completely sealed window... I was OCD and about to go to home depot for some silicon!
Service was very slow,  had specials on a board but couldn't get them because they aren't available on weekends which isn't listed,  asked for creamer for coffee took 15 mins to get it, food was salty, no butter for toast. Got 3 full pieces of toast and only 1 grape and 1 strawberry jelly, this place is a joke if you want to eat here!  Don't do it!
My guy had his Christmas party here.
We had the dining room exclusively to us.
We were served buffet style. With salad, (ranch or italian) 
chicken tenders, and chicken wings (with hot sauce available)
spaghetti, chicken Parmesan , and toast.

I thought the food was fair..It was decent. The chicken was cooked well..Tender and juicy. There just wasn't any WOW factor to any of it.

The service staff was nice and attentive. However, I just think that their drinks are slightly overpriced. I ordered a margarita, which was VERY strong, and my guy ordered a beer. Some how, these two drinks came out to $11.50
This is more of a rant than a rave...I was sort of seeing this guy and this is his hangout.  I should have known that the relationship was doomed from the start.  Pitchers of swill and bad bar food just didn't cut it for this Yelper, neither did watching sports or hanging out here.
The Junction is a place where you can play games, watch sports, bar top gaming and good drinks.  Monday/Wednesday/Saturday nights you will find myself and my family there playing with the free poker league. It is a great place because the bartenders are good people, fun to chat with and always there to keep you smiling and with fresh drinks in hand.  They have pool tables, dart boards (electric), Mind Teezers, and even though they are a Chicago Bear bar I don't mind watching my Boston teams play while I play poker. 
If your looking for a local pub to sling back some good drinks/drafts and play/watch some games I would recommend Smoke Ranch Junction.
I'm not to sure what the last person is talking about.  Ive been here a couple of times and this place is cool as hell.  Yes its a dive, Yes its in a corner hidden away.  SO ARE DIAMONDS.  This place rocks.  Drink specials are great The TVs are positioned the right way and people are friendly.  I'm not saying its the best but it is a cool place.
I have been going to Smoke Ranch Junction for over 5 years. It is a great place to get lost and have a great time. It is out of the way and off the beaten path. It is a Chicago Bar and a Bears Bar! No wonder the sore loser from Detroit didn't like it. The people are friendly and the place is clean, even though it has a rustic look. You couldn't ask for a better place to get away and let your hair down without leaving Las Vegas. It is my place to hang out and unwind.  I don't usually write reviews, but I recently got onto Yelp and read a 4 year old review that I just don't agree with. So check it out for yourself and see.  You be the judge.
Always wanted to stop by, just never did till today. The place is much larger on the inside then it looks. The decor is impressive and not over the top. Two full size pool tables and plenty of room for everyone to relax while you play. Two digital dart games as well.
I was disappointed in the fact they don't have a kitchen so no food, but the bartender stated they may be getting it back soon, so I will definately be back to check it out again.
Great service, friendly atmosphere. Great drinks, laid back patrons and a motif that wells suits the area. A definite must if you are in the north Las Vegas area. Owner is very generous as well, good chance you will meet him if you come in.
My roommate and I ended up here last night when we wanted a meal that wasn't fast food at like 1am.  Beano's is one of the few local bars that serves food 24 hours.  Prices were great, with hardly a menu item over $10, but the food was pretty average.  The place wasn't really anything too memorable, but if I find myself hungry at that hour again, I would probably stop in again.  Meh.
This place is pretty nice for bar food and a draft, and they always seem to have the right games on with HDTVs.  Their portions are ample and fairly priced.  The $11 top progression payout I saw on a slot made me laugh, though.
Don't know why Beano's calls itself a casino...that's a little lofty statement.  What it is is a typical neighborhood bar with basic bar fare, slots and lotsa tv's.  What I liked:
Their fried mushrooms (a huge plate of them) are served piping hot with ranch dip. Yumm-o
Reasonable prices, plus winning 60 bucks on 4 of a kind pd for dinner & the meager amount of gambling i do.
Friendly staff.
Easy to get to.

Not so much:
Their chips & salsa.  There's just something plain wrong and unnatural about eating chips dyed red & green artificially.  It even made the decent salsa taste bad.
If you want to get more BANG for your buck during these hard times, you should come and eat here. Some tips for those of you ballin' on a budget: Don't expect to be greeted when you come in, but please bet the place will smell like smoke. Secondly, don't sit there and expect you'll have a waiter. In fact, you might just have to nudge the bartender to take your order. Make sure not to plan anything after your meal, for the service is rather slow. Now, let's talk about the food. This is their hook-line and sinker! The food is worth the wait, if you are trying to live it up, thrifty-style. If you have lowered your expectations, then this place won't break your bank and it will leave you with more money to spend elsewhere.
From the exterior, this place looks like a complete dive.  Cheesy quotes on the message board out front?  Check.  Exterior that hasn't had a facelift in some time?  Check.  Tacky flashy lights?  Check.  Thankfully, Beanos is not.

However, I'm a frequent late-night customer.  Why?  Good food at very reasonable prices, gruff bartenders that keep me laughing with dry commentary and ridiculous stories from various parts of Vegas and then some.  Nitro and Sleaze (yes, you read that right), are the regular night bartenders and don't let their demeanor scare your off; they make drinks strong and delicious with a dash of sarcasm.  

One of my first nights there, I ordered a mojito from the server.  The bartender tells me that he would rather not serve it to me since they only have the mix and serving a mix didn't sit right with his standards, he'd rather make something else for me fresh that didn't come pre-made.  
Props for that, dude.

I enjoy their breakfast deals regularly, the wraps are good although make sure you get the dressing on the side, sometimes it's served with a heavy hand.  

The place is closed around 4AM - 6AM on Monday nights for cleaning so heads up.

If you're in the area and would like a cheap, yummy breakfast then Beanos is a good, safe bet!
Got to say up front, I love Beanos.  The food is an great value.  I can get a great grilled chicken sandwich with a load of beer batter fries plus a soda for 10 bucks!  

The services is usually great (there is one server who is not the best, but the rest of the service more than makes up for her).

One warning, the main room is the casino area and they are smoker friendly.  There is a side room that is smoke free.  

Also, it can get very, very loud, especially during football season!
I have to give this place a 5 stars because to me, it is! My family and I live just around the corner and this is our go-to place when we want to have something yummy without all the fuss! Its a very casual diner and they have slots if you are interested in playing. They also have a Bar + TV's to watch the game!

Whenever we got to Beanos, we always order their chicken wings with their beer battered fries. It is hands down the best wings I've ever eaten and the fries are just as good. Sometimes I even find myself craving for some more! Its not pricey at all, cheap and good. What's not to love about that?
My husband and I went into Beanos for breakfast this morning. We both ordered the Big Dixie which was 3 eggs, biscuits and gravy, country fried steak and your choice of potatoes. We both chose cubed potatoes. It only cost us $6.99 each. It was really really delicious! The waitress Marion was very efficient, one of he best waitresses ever. She was very sweet and very attentive. We drove past beanos SEVERAL times and finally we decided to go in and check it out. It was a very relaxed atmosphere. I didn't want to go anywhere that was too crowded for breakfast. (I am not a morning person grrrr). So I enjoyed the peace and quiet. The coffee was yummy! We will definitely be going back to Beanos. They also have a $3.99 breakfast deal if you are searching for cheap breakfast eats. Hope this review is helpful to you.
Beano's Casino. They serve up a good solid breakfast, and they do it relatively
cheap. Nothing groundbreaking, nothing fancy, just a filling tasty breakfast with
no pretense. A - OK. I'd eat there again.
The name of the place has always kept me from coming here.  I always associate the word beano with flatulence and the name indicates this is a casino.  In reality, this place has nothing to do with the additive that prevents gas and it's not a casino.  It is a neighborhood bar.  I liked the homey unpretentious goodness here.  

Two things right off the bat - I appreciate the extra clean bathrooms with a rather pleasant air freshener and the booths are the most comfortable booths I have ever sat in.

Stopped by here for breakfast.

The breakfast was super cheap.  I had the corned beef hash.  It was pretty good.  The serving wasn't overly generous, but the price was right.  My eggs were cooked just right.  Decent service.

This is mostly a cheap drinks, gaming, smoky sort of bar.  It is a bit dated inside.  It is kind of a low end neighborhood bar.  Not the kind of place to take people you are trying to impress.  More of the keeping low key - grab some beers or late night grub.  Decent breakfast.
I've lived around the corner from Beano's for years, and I've never stepped in the place. I recently read online that they have great wings, so after the BCS game became a joke, my friend and I decided to go check it out.

I expected the place to be a smoky dive bar, so I was very happy to find it almost smoke free. There were only a couple people there, so I'm sure that helped, but there was no lingering smoke smells. 

My friend and I split 24 wings with four different flavors along with some cheese fries. The wings are incredibly meaty and delicious! We tried:

General Tso - A nice heat, and pretty heavy ginger flavor. Almost too much ginger, but still good.

Dracula's Kryptonite - Garlic. Lots of garlic. So good. Possibly better than BWW's spicy garlic.

Beano's Butt Burner - Not nearly as hot as I expected. However, the flavor for this sauce was amazing. Hot, but not tear inducing. Perfect.

Chipotle BBQ - Probably our favorite. The combonation of smoky pepper and sweet bbq sauce was awesome.

The cheese fries were solid. Nothing to write home about, but decent.

Service was great (this may be due to the fact the waiter was an former student of ours...), food was great, decor was what you'd expect. If you are there for the gambling, they do have a small bank of Fort Knox slot machines, and then the usual video poker machines around the bar.

The only downside to this place is it's a bit pricey. 24 wings is about $25 bucks. A dollar a wing is a but much, in my opinion. I'd be there a lot more if they dropped the price a little.

Still, for those times I'm craving a solid wing choice, and I don't want to drive up to Durango for BWW, Beano's will be my go-to place.
Great place for the neighborhood!!
Great bar food. Friendly staff. Alcohol :D
First time here noticed their sign for Valentine's special steak and shrimp for two for 34.99. It sounded like a good bargain and they didn't have a line out the door. Upon entering the first set of doors you are greeted by a weekly lunch and dinner specials bulletin board that could use a little tlc. The second set of doors lead to a softly lit bar area with a slight smokey aroma. There are booths and tables arranged along the walls and around two other bartop islands. There is another room with booths and half booths along the walls that can be used to escape some of the sound of the numerous tv's located in the bar area. We ordered the steak special after questioning the waitress as to the difference between the special steak meal offered and the normal flat iron steak offered in the favorites section of their menu. We were informed that the special was the same as the menu steak that is 12.99 but includes more because the special comes with soup or salad and a choice of shrimp served scampi, coconut , or fried. The wife ordered fried and I ordered scampi. I ordered my steak medium-rare, and the wife ordered medium well. They were really close on both hers to the well and mine to the rare. The menu steak says it came topped with shrimp, yellow onions, mushrooms and Swiss cheese. Our steaks came with some kind of very delicious sweet marinated red onion topping which made me totally not care it didn't have mushrooms or Swiss cheese. The scampi was a little lack luster kinda bland. Tasted like mostly a little butter,garlic, a lot of Lemon juice with Parmesan cheese sprinkled over cocktail shrimp. Overall it was a decent meal and a pleasant surprise when the check arrived and the waitress only charged us the menu price 12.99 for each steak meal. So with all that said I would eat here again and probably recommend it to family and friends.
P.S. 
The bathrooms were very clean and well kept
I would like to preface this with....We don't get to go out often, but when we do , we choose Beanos. Its comfortable, warm and the food is great for the price, the best breakfasts .We are there almost every Saturday morn having our eggs and toast. We love the dinners and the ambiance. But tonite I don't think I would have ever been made to feel the way this Bartender (Mike) Made us feel. We have been going for about 2 years now and went this morn as welll. As we finished our breakfast we decided we would return for dinner to watch the NBA festivities and enjoy some fingers and fries and wings. Well to our dismay we come to find out this Bartender (Mike) does not allow NBA of ANY kind on His shift. We proceeded to ask why or if we could at least have the one TV facing us on the station..He approached and immediately said.."yeas NBA?..No"....."first of all we are a casino not a sports book and none of our bartenders allow NBA because it drops 'our numbers'.....which I replied I had been there on Friday nights often and had seen NBA on....."Well I...(emphasizing the I) dont allow it....it drops My numbers"...I replied..."you mean your tips.."...He continued to go on and say...Now this is the kicker.."we feel it draws the 'wrong element'..".....ELEMENT??? You mean hard working people who wanted a nice night out and enjoy a bit of basketball??...Please MIKE...explain to alll the people here what ELEMENT we are talking about???....I truly dont feel the owner would have the same feeling on a sport for that would be detrimental to their current clientele if it were known the owners feel that way as well....He actually chose to allow good loyal customers to leave..and waved as they walked out of the bar....the entire time I have never been made to feel like an outsider or part of a 'wrong element' in my life as I was tonite by the bartender (Mike) who the whole time was speaking at us as if WE were wasting HIs time....I will come to see the owner hears of this one way or another.....and hopefully recitfy this situation..
I found this place just by pure luck. I'm always looking for cheap places to eat breakfast, and Beanos hits the spot. They have a $3.99 breakfast special before 11am that has 2 eggs, 2 bacon, toast, and potato selection. For $5.99 you can get 3 eggs and 3 bacon 24 hours a day. The food is good, the service is good....I really like coming here for a quick quiet breakfast.
Have been visiting Beano's for many years. The food is consistently delicious, the staff extremely friendly and welcoming, and the atmosphere very low key. Last visit was shrimp cocktail, shrimp scampi fettuccine and Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Everything was delicious, large portions, and reasonable prices.
This is our favorite place. Food is always great and very reasonable.  Raul is the best!!!!  Even the customers make it a great place to hang out.
What can I say...this used to be my regular as it was cheaper for dinner for two here than cooking on your own.  It's still OK.  Full of Dell Web residents if you get there for an early dinner.  Love Mirna, the waitress that has been there for years!
This is a local chain w/ locations all over the valley. Only major drawback is the fact they are considered a casino, therefore smoking is allowed. You need to fight your way thru the bar area to get to the restaurant, therefore your drenched w/ smoke coming/going.
The food  and service is generally good. Price/quality is phenominal.Where can you get a good steak/salad/portato for 6.99 all the time. Menu is vast, you will definitely find something to your liking. Service is good, many of them have been doing it for years, they know their trade!! Give any of these restaturants a try you won't be disappointed.....
I looked at the menu online before we went; I liked what I saw, so I was prepared to be happy.  I was not disappointed, and I think we've found our new go-to place for a terrific burger and other good food..

The decor is in-your-face red, but not tacky.  It's warm and inviting.  

The menu is huge, and there's something for everyone - sandwiches, burgers, wraps, entrees, salads.  We had a hard time deciding, but finally chose to share a burger and a pasta dish.  The burger was outstanding - juicy and flavorful, and I like that you have a choice of regular seeded bun, ciabatta bun, or grilled sourdough. There are lots of good toppings to add to the basic burger, with different prices for each topping.  But you get to have it "your way." The pasta came with grilled chicken, spinach, and portobello mushrooms.  But it also came in a cream sauce, with feta cheese, neither of which appeal to me.  It was no problem to 86 the cream sauce and change it to olive oil and garlic, and the cheese to Havarti.  The pasta could have been a tad more al dente, but it wasn't mushy.  The grilled chicken was fresh and moist, many notches above other places, where it often tastes as if it were just plucked from the refrigerator and onto the plate.

Our friends shared the signature fish and chips (Icelandic cod) and a burger, and also were filled and happy.

The portions are really large, and the prices are definitely reasonable.  And most important, everything tasted very fresh.

Our waitress, Tracy, was very patient with my inability to figure out what I wanted to eat; she had to return at least four times before I was ready to order, but she stayed cheerful!

Oh, how I wish that this place was able to take advantage of its Desert Shores location and offer outside dining on the lake, but it's angled location makes that impossible.  But as the days get cooler, that will be less of an issue, and when we're looking for a nearby, cozy place to have some great food, we'll be back.
Me: " We want steak, wussup?! Where the spot for locals??"
Friend that moved LV: "Oh I know a spot.with a nice view of the lake too... I'll take you guys!"

15 minute drive, and I see Lake Mead (which I assume is Lake Mead, cus we drove down Lake Mead Street).  Looked pretty suburbs, but the trusty navi said "Please drive 600 feet, you destination will be on the right hand side"

First assumptions:

1. ghetto
2. umm ghetto pub
3. errr ghetto pub with video poker?!?
4. o hells to the no... ghetto pub with video poker and smoky as hell??

After getting over the initial shock of the "nice restaurant with a lake view", we were seated in a large booth (which I will admit was pretty comfy).

FYI: there was no such LAKE view at this place... we got played..

Yes, this place is a bit tacky diner red... but then I saw Prime Rib for $12.99.. and I was suddenly OK...

Since my other friend were ordering the Prime Rib, I decided to get something different.  The South West Burger caught my eye: Angus burger, guac, jalapeno, pesto, pepperjack, and some other saucy thing I can't recall on a ciabatta. SOLD. Medium rare please! 

When my burger came out, it was HUGE, and quite adorable wrapped in waxed paper made to look like newspaper. But whatever, I'm about the taste.

Took a HUGE bite of this bad boy, OMY was it good!!! I don't if it was cus I was SUPER hungry, or this burger was SUPER yummy! The meat was perfectly cooked at med rare (which most burger joint always OVERcook).  

Juices were flowing, gauc all over my fingers, cheese on my face, and in 10 minutes ( I swear), it was gone.

I even made my friend try it, so I didn't feel crazy.  She thought it was pretty darn juicy and yummy too.  This was by far the BEST JUICY BURGER I had this year!! And for $6.99, shoooooot you can't go wrong!

O yea.. the prime rib was OK... but I sure was glad to have ordered my burger =)
Village Pub is great! Very friendly staff, tasty bar food and great variety for a good price! This location also has a lot of TVs so you can watch multiple games at once. We wanted to watch a hockey game and the bartender was very nice and searched every channel to find it.

Thumbs up to village pub!
It looks like the Village Pub is becoming the new go-to place for our standing Friday night dinner with two other couples.  

It was busy, and we had to wait for a table, but it turned out to be just a few minutes.  Our waitress, Linda, was very attentive and accommodating.  All six of us were happy with our orders:  skewered shrimp (change the rice pilaf to mashed?  No problem!), orange roughy, top sirloin (with salad or soup, veggies, rice for 8.99 - such a bargain!), teriyaki chicken, chicken fried chicken, and wild Alaska coho salmon.  

Good food at yesterday's prices.  Reasonably-priced drink menu. Comfortable booths.  Great, friendly service.  Gaming and ashtrays at the huge bar.  What more could anyone want?

Of course we'll be back.  Maybeeven  next Friday night.
Village Pub Summerlin- I thought I was on Candid Camera with the array of lousy food and service. My family of four was seated at a small table that would have been comfortable for two, rather uncomfortable for a family of four. I did notice the couple behind us was seated at a four top. My son got  a squeezed lemon in his soda which he clealry didnt ask for. The waitress a heavy set red head was oblivious to the seating issues and later the food issues. I guess if she ever came came to check on us I would have told her that my sons burger was served without bacon ( which clealry he ordered) and was served with two bottom halves of the burger bun. I also would have told her that the busbot spilled water all over my slacks ,never apologized and never brought over anything to clean me the table or the booth. Upon leaving I asked for the manager another server( heavy set blonde woman) told me the manager was behind the bar when I went up to the guy she pointed to and asked him if he was the manager he said " No Im the bartender" when I asked if I could speak to the manger/supervisor he told me  there wasnt one, when I asked him who was in charge he told me" the girls". Hence if you leave your servers in charge of food quality and customer service chances are ther will be some issues. Perhaps becuase we had a coupon that guaranteed 18% gratuity our server didnt really see the need to do her job as she was already quaranteed her tip.  I sent an e mail to the location and told them  what a lousy experience I had,I guess they couldnt be bothered with e mailing me back. Needless to say we will not be asked and when asked I will most definently not recommend this place.
My parents took me here last weekend. 

They started going to the Village Pub several months ago and have been telling me how great the food is and how reasonable the prices were, so I was looking forward to it.

I got the California Panini which had chicken, avocado, and Monterey jack. I got cottage cheese on the side. My food was okay but nothing to get excited about.

My mom had the turkey special, and my dad ordered the fried chicken special. They both had a cup of chicken noodle soup. They both really liked the soup but neither thought their entrees were as good as usual.

The downfall of the evening was the service. It was probably 15 minutes after we were seated before the waitress came over to take our order. It took even longer to get the food. The waitress pointed to people at another table who had been seated for a long time without being helped and told them, "I'll be awhile." This was by far the worst service I have received in a long time.

The food was okay and the prices were reasonable, but unless my parents are treating I'm not going back.
I started going to The Village Pub when I was a kid and my parents and I lived in Desert Shores back around 1996. The dinning area is small and most of the time there is a long wait. Last time we went they only had 1 server and it was the dinner rush time. The food is decent bar food. They have nightly specials and are decently priced. They have the 6oz filet, that my husband always gets, for around $9. The bar can get smokey and loud at times. We usually go to The Pub when we cant think of anywhere else to eat.
Village Pub is a great place with excellent service!

We live right down the street, yet always manage to 'forget' this location and wind up going somewhere else.  Then, after horrible service at other locations we end up back here.  

We were visiting just this past Monday with Michael the bartender and his service is excellent!  We never ran low on our drinks, managed to have great conversation as the music wasn't too loud, and there were no loud-mouth drunken fools like most of the other pubs around.  

We have yet to eat in the dining area, yet everyone I speak to says the food is excellent with good pricing.  

Thanks Village Pub, and Michael in particular!

Kris Kelley
702.203.5670
Las Vegas Massage
You'd never know you were in a video poker bar, which the Village Pub essentially is. I'd describe the Village Pub as an upscale dive. I'm actually quite surprised by the menu of this little joint and their prices are pretty cheap. 

I have only ever ordered breakfast here because they have an extensive menu ranging from omelets, skillets (my fave!), paninis, wraps, and traditional breakfasts: steak/ham and eggs, pancakes, chicken fried steak, corned beef hash, biscuits and gravy, French toast, eggs benedict - you name it, they got it!

Last week's visit included a breakfast burrito, which was HUGE! This bb was overloaded with eggs, bacon AND sausage, cheddar cheese (ahhhhh), big chunks of seasoned potatoes, onions, salsa and sour cream and was absolutely delicious! My friend ordered the ham and eggs and the ham covered the entire plate. It seriously was enough for 3 or 4 people. 

I've even ordered oatmeal which comes loaded up with cranberries, brown sugar, pecans and milk.

Now the lunch and dinner menu offers everything from bar food (quesadillas, nachos, chili fries, potato skins, etc.) to more sophisticated plates that you wouldn't expect to find in a small bar including pot pie, orange roughy, fish and chips, salads, chicken cordon bleu, paninis, different salmon options, steak and shrimp, and ribeye steak platters. A friend of mine eats here regularly and he swears by their food. 

Their specialty is burgers (and they'll substitute a turkey burger for you too!): Smokehouse, Yorky, Frisco, Southwest, Hawaiian, Texas and many more! 

Oh and they do wraps too! Not a bad little place and your wallet won't even notice it.

And the best part - their kitchen is open 24/7! Hurray!!!! Great food for next to nothing!
For what it is, a neighborhood pub, it gets 5 stars; but it is a neighborhood pub and the food fits -- Had the chicken pot pie which is absolutely great. With that, I recommend it. I have had both breakfast and lunch there; both rank the same way. Worth a shot or two if you're in the neighborhood.
Wishing I could say something nice about eating here. I got the chicken teriyaki which had a slice of canned pinapple and some sauce over that. Vegitables seemed to have been cooked in a microwave, they were rubber. Only 1 1/2 servers for the place.  They'll never have me darken their doorway.
Absolutely love village pub. Great bartenders, great food, good crowd. Happy hour specials on appetizers.....best bargain I've come across yet. This is my spot when I'm in town visiting my family.  The staff at this establishment are A+
I've been going to Village Pub locations since 2001, this is the closest one to me now, so I go here every now and again.

The food quality to price ratio is what bumps this joint up to five stars for me. If you want to compare this place to a fine steak house it might not fare so well, but when you can get a steak for under ten dollars that is just as good as Outback I think it's a score. The fish and chips are great and the best I have had in town by far (and I'm originally from Seattle). They come beer battered, crispy, and in a generous portion. Breakfast is great here too with lots of options.

Another thing I like is they have some lighter options on the menu if you're watching calories - not something you see too often at a pub/video poker place. They have some great salads for lunch and dinner, full meals with healthy side options, and egg white omelettes at breakfast time - and a lot of this stuff of under 10 bucks. Can't beat it.

As a bonus they have a selection of micro brews from Ellis Island Casino that are very good.

I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and even for a late night meal on the graveyard shifts. The staff has always been good, friendly, and attentive. The best locals bar food for the price, and still great without factoring the price.
Friendly staff, great service, yummy food, open 24hours. The chipotle bbq tenders were delicious! And the cesar salad was huge, and had large veggies and avocado, yum! Also, great happy hour specials.
Ok... this is a great place to go for a full meal at extremely reasonable prices when you need a home-style meal. Very old school menu, steaks, mashed, fries, salad, green beans, fish & chips, etc, but it is all consistently good, including service (very friendly staff) and the steaks are really good. I had a shrimp and steak dinner and so did my dining companion, which was very tasty and neither of us could finish. Gets pretty crowed at 5pm for the silver-set diners, but otherwise pretty quiet and very low key. A sister restaurant to Ellis Island Casino, they still have the local $8.99 steak dinner minus the beer or root beer that is include at Ellis.
I may have grown just a bit too picky to fully appreciate the dive experience any longer.  The Pub certainly has the dive feel to it - red vinyl booths have a few tears and are quite rump-sprung.  The surly busser gave way to a very friendly, casual server.
I started with wings and they were great - just what I want with wings.  I sampled their Pale Ale brew and it was delicious.  The dining room wasn't very full, but there was quite a wait before our main course arrived: Smokehouse Burger for me.  The burger itself was delicious, cooked properly, juicy and nice accompaniments....Except for the fries.  The menu said "Seasoned Steak Fries", but they weren't even salted.  And you know you have to salt the fries when they are fresh out of the fryer or it won't stick.
The burger bun was nice and fresh, but didn't hold up and by the two-thirds point started falling apart.
I would be happy to have the wings again, but the dining room was quite smoky.  Even though the smoking was only allowed in the bar area, it is a small restaurant and they needed some ceiling fans or something.  By the end of my meal I left smelling of smoke myself.
Didn't get any help, couldn't order a drink or food. Won't waste my time again. 20 minutes just got up and left without even one server talking to me.
Worst service ever, sat at the bar for 25 minutes and not getting served or greeted. The will only serve the regulars which there where only five other people there. Pissed off and left.
Favorite place to go when coming to Vegas. This pub is filled with locals and great service. I love the food they have and the drinks are always good!! This Friday was the first time where a rude customer ruined our night there. He was extremely disrespectful to those around him and to the bartenders. Luckily the two men who were working respectfully handled the situation and had him leave . All the customers were laughing when the drunk a**hole finally left after threatening the bartender. Won't let one customer ruin it! Great spot to gamble, drink and hang out. If you ever want to get away from the strip but still enjoy A nice drink ... Come here :). I remember one bartenders name, Raul, and he continuesly made sure my drinks had refills :) :)
My husband and I go to this place mostly for the monday special which is a half chicken dinner now priced at 7.49.   When it was 5.99 years ago, half of Sun City were lining up out the doors.   Now I guess the place is just not as packed. 

We decided to have a BURGER instead of the chicken.   However, they have TWO parts to the burger section on the menu.   One is a Make your own additions to the burger each 50 cents for $5.99 and another section below for different prices which come from 7.99 and up.   These have certain items such as bacon, bleu cheese, jaleponos etc.      I just wanted a burger, medium rare with cheddar cheese and my husband just wanted it plain.   We asked what does it come with and it has a choice of steak fries, potato salad, coleslaw etc.      I failed to ask what also comes on the burger. 

When we got the burgers, I looked for the cheese and found a small melted quarter size spot on the burger, lettuce and two slices of tomato and a pickle on the side. 

The burger was slightly pink, I like it rarer, and was very thin although it was supposed to be 1/2 pound.   It was also VERY dry tasting.    

When we got the bill I asked the server, what happened to the cheese? She said she ordered it with cheese, but I couldn't even see 2 cents worth.    Then we saw we were charged 7.99 and 8.50.     She said because it came with lettuce and tomato, we were charged extra.   What a rip off!   Burger bun just okay.  will NEVER order a burger there again!
Raul is the f*^%%g man! Best bartender ever! Great drinks great service.
RAUL 4 PRESIDENT!!
Great happy hour, the fish and chips are excellent!
I had a bad experience at this restaurant on 2/25/14.   Bad manager, bad server and bad kitchen.  This restaurant won't take orders to go over the phone, so I went in person to place my order.   I had choices of sides that did not include a baked potato, so I had to pay extra for a baked potato.  After I paid for my order, including a tip, I never saw my waitress Janett again.  My order was handed to me by a guy.  When I got home, exhausted and starving, ready to have my dinner, the baked potato was missing.  I immediately called the restaurant and a guy at the bar responded.  I had to call twice because the first time I was left on hold and nobody answered.  When Janett finally came to the phone, I told her that my order was missing the baked potato and she apologized and asked me to go back to the restaurant to get it.  Easy to say right?  I let her know of the great inconvenience she had created.

The worst part was the way in which they handled my justified complaint. The manager told the waitress that "next time" they will give me a free baked potato.  Really?  Is that their best way to compensate a customer that had to drive back to the restaurant because the waitress was an incompetent that failed to check my order?  Next time?  I am not a regular customer at this restaurant.  Do they know where I live?  What make them believe that there will be a next time?  I didn't place an order from a fast food restaurant.  This is a well established restaurant and they should know better.

I don't care for freebies due to mistakes of this sort.  No freebie can compensate for the aggravation  caused by a wrong order and having to drive back to the restaurant.  But it helps to deal with the frustration when you see a manager who shows a genuine concern and try to do something to keep a customer happy.  This old restaurant is located in an upscale community.  Where is the class?  

Village Pub in Summerlin failed in service and customer relations. The manager, the waitress and the kitchen were a fail.  No, there won't be a next time.
This is a good coffee shop type restaurant that is conveniently located in the middle of Desert Shores.  If you've never been to Desert Shores, you may have a hard time finding this place, especially in the dark.  Big trees, streets that go in circles, and relatively poor signage all contribute.  If you use Apple Maps, you'll probably end up in Brazil.

I've come here a few times, mostly for breakfast/brunch.  The decor is, well, dated.  The service is generally quite good.  I've not sat in the bar, but that is the Casino section of this place and they do allow smoking there.  The dining area is separate and well lit.  More than a few ramps/stairs, so watch your step in the dining area.

My breakfast fav is the Country Eggs Benedict: "Two flaky buttermilk biscuit halves topped with sausage patties, two eggs cooked any style and homemade
country sausage gravy."  Eggs Benedict in name, only.  Well, it does have eggs.  Mighty tasty if you like sausage gravy.  It is not too sweet, not too peppery, and not too creamy.  Goldilocks & baby bear would really like it.

Fun tip: Switch out fries for sweet potato tots.  They be yummy.

I've also had chili dogs & chicken fingers, 2.5 stars and 3.5 stars, respectively.

They also have some late night specials and I will do a review update of  happy hour & late dining, hopefully soon.
We used to go to Village Pub once a week because the fish and chips taste just like they do in New England and the shrimp scampi is fantastic. However, if you don't have an hour and a half to spare...it's not the place for you. It's almost comical how terrible the service is. The older waitress stands next to the table like you're annoying and doesn't say a word. She stares at you with her notepad in silence. The busser curses under his breath and is super mad if you need a refill. We've made it a game to see how rude the wait staff can be and laugh at the horrible attitudes but it's not really worth it anymore. The food is great but I can find good food other places where my presence is not a bother.
The place is run down and full of cigarette smoke. The food is mediocre. The female bartenders were more concerned with making their date to go out with the customers that evening than waiting on customers. Fishing for tips and giving them free drinks, it was obvious. This place needs new management and a new bartending staff.
This is my neighborhood bar. I like to come here for a drink and relax. The steak special is my favorite. It's mostly a neighborhood bar where most, if not all, patrons are your next door neighbor. 
The level of service changes depending on the mood of the staff and how busy they are. I had days with the worst service and days with great service. 
Over all its a cool cozy spot.
Love it love it love it! This is what makes Las Vegas special! $9 steak special all day! Sometimes the steak isn't that great but come on what do you want from these people!?! Love the village pub and Ellis island!
Village Pub & Casino in Desert Shores... Honestly not the nicest place but this place ROCKS like old Vegas when it comes to service and value. As some have mentioned... Upscale Dive Bar best describes it. 

Iaian and Pullman had us laughing our arses off non stop. These are great old school Vegas Bartenders. People that have been in Vegas for awhile know what this means.... 

Iaian and Pullman have been there for years... Did not take me long to realize these guys get to know their good customers and it seemed like they knew everybody by name. 

Food for the price was FANTASTIC. The Reuben Sandwich with Sweet Potato Tots for $7.99 was the best me and my Chicago buddy have had since we've been in Chicago. 

This place is the Old School Vegas type bar that doesn't nickel and dime you to death like so many of the newer places. So refreshing..
Why do I even bother going to any of the Station Casino's??!!!  As with all the others, they cater to locals and rob them of every dime they have.  If you want to win money, DO NOT go to a Station casino.  They all suck!
The only thing I like about this casino is the Sobe Ice Rink thats attached to it. 

If you live in east vegas, it sucks because you have to drive quite a distance to get to it. the other ice rink in henderson sucks, its too small

The sister casino, Fiesta Henderson? ha no comment.
My 2 stars are generous.

I didnt go here to gamble. And I doubt I will ever go back! 

The rooms are small, but comfortable and cozy. The hand soap and shampoo is actually the best thing about the place! So much so, that I pocketed all I could in my 3 days there. 
Hotel is divided from the casino, have to use your room key to get in, which made me feel safe staying there with my kids. 
Poor selection of channels.
Hidden security deposit that NO ONE MENTIONED when booking, nor was it anywhere to be found on the online reservations page. No bellhop, had to force them to help me with my 8 suitcases upon checkout. But I tipped the guy who got stuck with the job. 

If you are single, like to gamble, and have wheels to get around Vegas, you  could do worse. But you could do a whole lot better too.
I'm giving this three stars because it's exactly what I expected. Nothing special, just an inexpensive place to rest my head. I was however pleasantly surprised with the free wi-fi in my room. I was able to work in the morning while my husband and son slept. Great bonus. This justifies the third star. The bed is a lot more comfortable than I expected and the room was clean and cozy. I would stay here again just so we can save money and spend it elsewhere!
Went to the Fiesta Rancho today for a business meeting at the Club Tequila.  The place is located right next to another Station Casino property by the name of "Texas Station".  The pro's of Fiesta are the Garduno's Mexican restaurant that has always been a good chain in town.  The Club Tequila that I visited today seemed like a great concert/club venue during the night hours.  They also feature the Ice arena for the UNLV hockey home games, which I find cool.  

Overall, I think the Fiesta has a few extras that Texas Station lacks, and lack a few qualities the Texas delivers restaurant and overall look wise.  However, if your on Rancho and looking for a little old school Casino fare don't be afraid to try Fiesta.
Holy hell yall... I am a HUGE fan of stations. In fact when I worked for them they deserved theyre Fortune 500 rating for one of the best employers. But, this place was a dump. With all the financial hardships they are currently going through I can totally understand with this kinda dead weight. The security was SLOPPY! He was a nice guy, but the uniform material was unpressed and hung sloppy. The armed officer looked like barney fife outta mayberry withh is duty belt slung low. Then the woman at the Amigo cards desk totally blew me away and its times like that they should be lucky my wife has a tight chain on me. First of all I didnt know that kids even toddlers have been banned from the casino floor unless they are on the platform of an eatery. So, when Im standing 10 feet away from my wife waiting for her to get the amigo card the woman at the desk was like you HAVE TO stand at McDonalds you cannot be here with anyone under 21. Im like WTF? Shes 2, what the hell do you have to worry about???? and in a STROLLER! What is she gonna slap a waitress on the ass order a jack a coke, take a drag off a found cigarette butt and pop in her bus money and take a chance on the reels like some honky? No! Was she screaming? NO! Did she scream when I had to take her away from my wife? YES! Stupid fucking laws, you know why casinos are loosing money? Because they are overly dependent on Dincs  (double income no children), retirees and transients! WAKE THE FUCK UP VEGAS! If a casino is connected to a hotel, an attraction (like the ice rink outback), a movie theater, bowling alley etc.. then HELLO! Your gonna have families and kids! If you are harassing my two year old because you cant control the hood rats then find the revenue to pay for COMPOTENT security not barney fife! Ive done casino security for years and Im damn good at it. Never had an insurance liability issue in all the years Ive worked in a casino. So this new anti family laws are bullshit and its why your loosing money. Because of how poorly you treated us and how my daughter was made to feel like a prisoner having to be only on the tiled areas, keeping a family SEPERATED while one takes care of player card stuff and check cashing we cant be together? Thats fucking stupid. Bring on the state tax cause if this is how you treat paying LOCAL customers who would have ate theyre had it not been for your poor staff and nazi like regime then I can totally see why LOCAL casinos are going belly up! Sad sad state of affairs. Bottom line, I understand casinos are not a childrens play place and that some people cant control theyre hellions. HOWEVER I have better service at the Klondike off sunset and its PURELY a gamblers place, no ice rink or hotel so no reason for kids to be theyre but when we go for breakfast they have never treated us harshly or cruely like Fiestas employees. And the Fiesta has a frigging ice rink, so hello you have an attraction that is susposed to attract families and your being total pricks to families? I can totally see why it was a ghost town in there!
This Casino, which looks very old, probably seen better days. 

Usually I would come here to eat breakfast at Denny's. But looking at Fiesta overall, I would not stay here, even if they gave me a free room. But I'll give credit where credit is due. 

The gift shop, is small, but the lady behind the counter was nice and concerned, that I wasn't feeling to well, when I was buying a few Advil's and bottle of water. It did put a smile on my face when I left. Denny's has its ups and downs, in which, I like going to Denny's before 6am, if possible, the service seems to be nice before 6, after 6am, service kind of sucks. 

I think I gamble there probably twice, and both time I lost. The dealers there, would not talk to me much, not unless you tipped them, then they'll say "Thank You". Any other time, they'll probably glare at you for placing a bet. Being a dealer myself, I learned to interact with people, regardless if they tip or not.  Seeing dealers who don't say a thing, makes me wonder, why they even became a dealer and how do they make tips, if their not interacting.  

Over all, I probably would suggest to stay away from Fiesta as much as you can. But if you have too, do not gamble, and just eat there. Denny's food was good, but service sucks after 6am, but if you don't mind the service, then go for it.
I remember when this place was pretty cool.  When it opened in 1994 it changed the game for local casinos.  It was once known as the "Royal Flush Capital of the World".  The Buffet attracted tons of people from all over the Vegas Valley and it was hopping every night.  That was when the Maloof's owned the joint.  

Fast forward 17 yrs later......now this place is a shell of it's former self.  I walked into this place a couple of weeks ago and it hasn't aged well.  The vibe it once had.....gone.  The excitement at the slots and table games....gone.  The happy employees.....gone.

My desire to return to this place.....gone.

Return Factor - 5%
I was playing in a hockey tournament that gave your team preferred times and rink choice if you stayed at the hotel, plus it was the cheapest of the three tournament hotels. I should have known something was up, when one of the major cross streets was Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. (if you do not know what I mean, go watch videos of Chris Rock). Saying the area was not the best is an understatement. The hotel and clientele reflect this. I respect the fact that it is a "Locals" hotel and Casino, but so is the Orleans and Terrible's off the strip. The hotel check in is fairly hidden in a small alcove, and the casino is fairly smoky. 

THE ROOM- well what can I say, 2 beds, a shower and a tub, and a basic TV. They say they have wireless, but in a 3 night stay, the first 2 nights they had to come and reset the access point. The last time they did this, they said the access point in our room was broken, so we did not have WiFi, but they were "nice" enough to loan us an ethernet cable. The speed is terrible, and do not even try to stream a video with their network. 

Casino- Fair at best. Few blackjack tables, and if you think other sports are better than basketball, stay away. When I was placing some bets on hockey games, people in line were yelling to hurry up, even though there were no other open windows. (I was up there for less than 2 minutes)

FOOD- when one of the fancy sit down restaurants is a DENNYS, you know you are in trouble. 

I value my safety and life, so I will be staying away from this place like the plague.
i seen so many bad revies i called to cancel and they said i will be charged full price of my stay even if i was to cancel.. WTF???!! now im stuck in this shitty hotel freaken ey man!
ok well turns out this place isnt as bas as i heard... its not dirty or anything at all. i had an great stay here. rooms are seperate from the casino and u need your hotel card to access that side , so its pretty secure. the hidden fee is $11  a day for bull crap newspaper and i dont know what else. but they had their own firework show on 4th of july and it was awsome. i will deff stay here again. it was verry affordable. i paid $98 for a 2 night stay. cant beat that
First of all, I live near this place. Also, I'm cheap and dislike driving long distances. So living close to a place that sells $1 margaritas automatically puts this place up in three-star range for me. What makes it a four, you ask?

First of all, this place is for locals. No doubt about it. This place has deals all the time, and the Latin club inside this place isn't bad at all for the area it's in. It's actually pretty cool. I usually just come here for the drinks and occasional meal at Panda Express, so I don't know how good the hotel portion of this place is. I assume it's also no-frills, though.

All in all, this place is alright. It's cheap, it's close to my house, and it caters to my demographic. I'll be here time and time again.
I only care about the ice skating rink, other than, don't care about the hotel-casino. It's as ghetto as the hotel-casinos in downtown!

As for the ice arena, it's pretty awesome! Well i never ice skated in my whole life, not until my first skating experience took place in here. It's not as big as you think it would be. There are 50 cent lockers you can rent to put your stuffs in. Rental of shoes are included in the entrance fee which is $9.50 per person. And speaking of the shoes, holy moly, i think they never clean the shoes every after use, unlike when you rent bowling shoes (they spray deodorizer). They are stinky and wet! Ugh so gross! That was my only concern on my last visit. Other than that, i sure did have fun!
It's not the greatest place on Earth but for $15.00 per night I will not be complaining. I got a very comfy room. Beds were great, pillows better than Palazzo. I don't care if I did not get a panoramic view of the strip from my bathtub or a foozeball or pool table, no leather couches, no free room service, no free all I can drink booze, no free anything. But for the price I hardly noticed. The a/c was awesome, the tv had lots of channels, and we had a view of the city. Being that I am from Las Vegas I know lots of great places to eat for cheap. Most people don't know that you don't need to go far from the strip to get good food at an affordable price. They're just so used to buying the over inflated prices the hotels and strip restaurants charge knowing people will pay it. I used to stay at Wild Wild West until Days Inn took over, now I stay here.
I'm a fan of the station/fiesta casinos for locals. I think they are a great way to indulge in Sin City while staying grounded.

I went here for the buffet last, but I've also gambled here which I do like as well.

Buffet:

They have a variety of food.- good food. The enchiladas are AMAZING. They also have a Mediterranean stations where you can pick out different veggies and meats for a customer stir fry type of meal. It's fabulous! 

The desserts weren't that awesome, but I was pretty full from the food, so I won't complain. You can also get $1 margarita upon entering the buffet! It's not weak either - I was feeling it after one.

Best part - It's only $4.99 with the players card!

Hungry??? GO!
Great locals joint with nice restaurants, awesome music venues(2) and cheap gambling. Drive through Race and Sports Book! Bring the kids to one of the only ice arenas in the city.
Came here with my family for a Sunday brunch and it was pretty nice. Our waiter was the most attentive person ever. He keep all our drinks filled and even joked with my in laws. I do admit that there's not much of a selection but we had such a good time. I would definitely recommend to use the make it yourself grill. It was fun and delicious!
I am giving the Feast buffet 5 stars because it's so cheap. Also for the money you pay, the food choices are more than acceptable!
Let's just say my siesta at the fiesta was amazing! 

I was in heaven sleeping in that nice big comfy king size bed!  Ah...I have so many good things to say about this place, just wait! 

1) Loved the fact that check-in was incredibly simple (I used the Hotels app on my phone to book one day in advanced).  I gave my name, ID and she found me and already had my room keys set aside.  **One thing to remember is that no matter whether you're a local or not, you have to put a $100.00 deposit down, don't forget!  

2) The room was nice and clean, plenty of towels, face cloths, soap and shampoo

3) The AC unit was a traditional unit but was controlled from the wall, AWESOME feature- it got really cold fast too, just how I  like it!

4) The bed didn't come with a bagillion covers like some hotels do, it had the sheet and nice thick duvet on top, lovvvvvved that

5) There was free wifi access and a cord as well to plug in (which saved the day when we had a storm)

6) Plenty of lighting and a nice big window to let in plenty of sunshine

7) Newspaper every morning when I woke up to leave for work, kudos!

8) I almost forgot to mention! For the shower lovers out there who just have to have the right pressure- well, LOOK NO FURTHER! This is the BEST hotel shower I have ever used, I mean EVER! You can control the pressure, and the heat is incredible! I even shut the door turned it to max and enjoyed a 'sauna-like' environment for 20 minutes

Please note that there is a $11 and change charge each day (resort fee) which includes things such as # 5 & #7, but seriously the room was only $19.79 a night so were talking like $30 and I got all this awesomeness!  Even though it wasn't a Wynn or Bellagio, it was fantastic for the price and just what I was looking for! 

For TV fanatics, note that the TV is just a standard tube 32incher, BUT it comes with movies still in theatres, a selection of your preference of 'out of theaters' Thriller, Comedy, etc. and for the more risky lovers, they have lots of adult channels; straight, bi, gay, lesbian- whatever your preference you have it! 

The casino itself was nice, great size and offered quite a few places to eat.  Check out Gurdanos! And heck smash burger too, they were all wonderful! 

The absolute only thing that I can say about this visit where I had to call the front desk was in regards to the ice machine.  It was not working, but I called them and they had it fixed within 48 hours.  It's not bad enough to knock off a star, so Fiesta gets 5 stars in my book!
My fiance & I went in to check on hotel rates for people coming to our wedding from out of town. There was a Be Right Back sign on the hotel registration desk. We stood there for about 10 min before a lady came over & said they will be with us in a moment. So, finally a clerk comes out and just looks at me. She says "Checking in?" & I replied "No", so then she says "Checking out?", and again I said "No". She let me know she was just coming on shift & had to set up the computer, etc. So we waited some more & then I asked for a manager. The lady that was in the back was now walking by & said she was the manager. I pointed out that ignoring customers is probably not the best way to get business & she just wanted to argue about what took place. 
That horrible first impression cost them a lot of money.
Excellent price, clean rooms, nice bed, friendly staff.  Super smoky, but hey, guess that's expected in Vegas.  LOVED their restaurant, can't recall the name but it was Mexican and had an awesome atmosphere and great food!  For a $25.00 room, I was very impressed.
Ok it's cheap. That's the best part. The rooms are dated but clean. The staff was vary friendly. I was there for the Armed Services Hockey Tournament so it was vary covenant to have the rink right there. The food is ok at best. The drinks are cheap. The tables games. Well there were not a lot. And most were closed. I think when I come back next year I will stay across the street. Best part was it was a short walk for games. The whole place is incredibly smokey..
I came here from out of town to attend a family wedding. My wife and her family also stayed here. The hotel rooms were decent. The casino had a huge slots selection. I'm not a big slots fan; I prefer 21. But I looked in vain for a $1 minimum bet table. $5 was the lowest. Margaritas run $1-$3 for guests. They're huge (IMO). The buffet was good and reasonably priced.

My biggest gripe with this hotel (and the reason I only gave it 2 stars) is the extreme incompetence of the woman at the front desk. When I tried to check my father in law and my sister in law in to their room, the person at the desk couldn't find their reservation because she was looking for it using my father in law's FIRST name instead of his last name. She claimed his CA drivers license confused her. It wasn't until I demanded the manager that I was able to clear things up. We wasted 30 minutes with that ordeal (on top of the fact that we were tired from our 3 hour drive from CA)

We will never stay there again.
Last resort to stay here, as it was the NCAA championship games weekend, so all the prices for the fancier hotels on the strip were extremely overpriced.  This hotel is old.  Our non smoking room still smells of cigarette smoke.  No free breakfast, fridge or microwave.  (I've received better value at a Comfort Inn which includes the previous 3 items)

Pros: really friendly staff.
The Mongolian Grill at the Buffet is ONLY good if ROMERO is there.  Any other chef is lazy sloppy and makes uninspired food. but Romero takes his time and is a show within himself when he prepares your dish. He is polite debonair and I want to bring him home. Thanks for a wonderful dish tonight, Mr. Romero the Mongolian Grill Chef
After work on Friday I was looking forward to doing a little gambling and enjoying a few cocktails at the Fiesta Rancho.  I hadn't been there for awhile and figured it might be nice to be reminded why I liked the Fiesta Rancho. I started out in the Cabo Lounge with four deuces and two Budweisers and moved on when someone started smoking next to me. 

I sat down at an Alien machine near bingo and put in a $20 from my winnings. I proceeded to lose the entire $20 in short order. I sat at the machine waiting for a cocktail waitress (one hadn't come because I lost my money so quickly). 

Josefina finally came around the corner asking for cocktail orders. I ordered a Corona. She said, "are you going to be playing?" 

I replied, "I just lost $20."

She stuck to her script and said, "I was in the area and did not see you at the machine."

I said, "I'd like to speak to your manager."

I waited for a good 12 minutes for Josefina to return before I noticed she was at the cocktail station chatting away with another coworker. I started to think, 'she didn't see me in her station because she REALLY takes her time doing her job.' She didn't think that during the time she was socializing in her work station that I could have lost $20. 

Needless to say the manager did not show and I did not get a beer that has a cost of somewhere around $0.89.  Now that's customer service!

Moving forward, I'd like the Fiesta Rancho to know I will be frequenting the South Point because their waitresses likely give the benefit of the doubt to the customer.
Ok- we took a chance on this buffet, and was disappointed.  The only positive experience was with the host staff, who were really nice.
A haiku for the buffet inside this smoke-infested retirement home disguised as a casino littered with gambling addicts: 


Save yourself the time

Explosive Diarrhea 

Combined with mudd-butt
We came for the buffet at about 6:00pm on a Sunday. Regular price is only $9 and we had some two for one coupons, so the price was right  The selection was not great, but decent. They have two soft serve ice cream machines, neither of which were working. Soft serve has become a staple at almost every buffet, so this was a huge disappointment. However, it was entertaining watching people young and old attempting to get soft serve despite the "Not In Service" sign hanging on the machine. It got so bad buffet personnel had to remove all of the bowls to keep people away from the broken machine. The lowlight of the evening, though, had to be the poor eight year old boy who got sick and vomited all over the buffet floor, smack dab in the middle. Response from buffet workers to clean up the enormous amount of projectile was slow at best and there were not enough wet floor signs for proper coverage.  Chairs had to be used to keep oblivious people from strolling through the puke and spreading it through the entire buffet. We never did see a mop show up in the fifteen minutes were we there following the initial vomit. I felt really bad for the poor kid and shouldn't hold his misfortune against the buffet. We will probably be back someday, but I need some time for this memory to fade.
I'm currently staying at this hotel.  I'm paying $48/night, so maybe I shouldn't complain, but this place is so god-awful that I can't help it.  My hotel room is decent.  Everything is fairly clean and comfortable.  The casino itself is full of low-life people.  I tried to watch a football game earlier tonight in their pathetic little sportsbook and had to put up with drunk thugs who were screaming racist and homophobic slurs because the game wasn't going their way.  The average age of the people who come to this casino is probably in the 50s, and most of them look like they can't really afford to be gambling away their money in the first place.  This hotel is several miles away from the main Las Vegas Strip, and it's in a disgusting part of town.  I think I passed three thrift stores once I got off the freeway.  My hotel window overlooks the back part of a Wal-Mart.  

If all you need is a clean place to sleep and shower, this place will work for you.  If you're on vacation, pay a few dollars more and stay at a better place.
Las Vegas would be better with out you!! Never post on yelp but this place has the  worst service ever!! Then I complain and the sever is rude! Ok won't be back don't support them they don't you!!!
This place made me feel like I smoked two packs a day while just passing through. The air is so thick you can actually see it. The clientele didn't inspire much confidence either. I felt like a victim-waiting-to-happen.
Royal flush Capitol of the world my ass. The machines are tight. The clientele is scary. I was constantly looking over my shoulder. I felt so uncomfortable here that a future visit is highly unlikely.
Fiesta, with a name like that, you'd think this place would be more of a blast. It should be renamed Siesta. 

This place is gross. No other way to put it. A casino that looks well past it's age. The Fiesta is home to a stagnant, stale scent of cigarettes, a buffet (which may be the grossest place you'll ever eat in your life), a Denny's, Club Tequila, a Mexican restaurant, and an ice skating rink.

Part of Station Casinos, this place must be the blacksheep of their properties. I don't recommend staying here, playing here, or eating here. There are decent acts playing at Club Tequila and who doesn't like making a fool of themselves on the ice.
This is my first 1-star review, after roughly 30 reviews.
Although reviews are subjective in nature, I think that Yelp reviews have an air of objectivity, which is why their reputation is what it is. I follow that credo. 
Since I've lived in Las Vegas, for one reason or another (mainly to play penny slots), I've been to practically every major casino in town, at all times of day: 6 AM, 12 PM, 6 PM, and most recently 2 AM.  
This is my review of the atmosphere of the Fiesta Rancho casino. I've never stayed in one of their rooms (because I'm a local), I can't remember eating at any of their restaurants, I've never skated on their rink, and I've never gone into any of their nightclubs.
I'm still scratching my head, regarding reviews written by other locals who live in the NW, yet have stayed in Fiesta rooms (and have checked-in multiple times). Can anyone clear that up for me?
In any event, I've not gambled at the Fiesta Rancho more than I have at any other casino.
However, I've personally heard or have been in close proximity to 3 disturbing incidents at this casino, whereas I've not seen 1 at all the other casinos combined.
While playing there, I've heard gun shots coming from the other side of the casino. Many years ago, my car was vandalized in their parking lot. At the time, I didn't pay it a second thought. Last night, a woman's purse was stolen, and the robbers escaped without a security guard in sight. In fact, the woman screamed for a security guard, and one didn't come over for 2 or 3 minutes.
Maybe this is just a coincidence, but I really don't believe in coincidences.
Like I said...Even though my own property was vandalized years ago, I continued to play there through last night, so this review is not biased from that event.
But, after last night, I'll never play there again. I don't want to worry about potential wrong-doings.
I'll gamble with money, but I don't wish to gamble with anything more precious.
Sorry.
Fiesta is not a great hotel nor is it very clean! It smells of thick smoke, and you come out reeking of it if you've taken a seat at a slot machine for 5 minutes. 

They have average eating options including Gardunos, blue agave, subway and dryers ice cream. For fun, there is an ice arena, club tequila, and a couple longues for the older crowd! I do have to say that they have pretty cheap drinks here, which I never object to. I got a margarita for 99 cents! 

Other than what I listed, there's really not much to do here, especially if you have some underagers! I recommend that if you do have kids stayin with you here, you should go ice skating or just hop next door to Texas and see a movie :)
The Fiesta Rancho is how do I say it ..... Ghetto. Very Ghetto!! 
Ok so this is part of a Stations Casino, but nothing like Red Rock or even Santa Fe. It is a older and dimly lit casino with lots of smoke, dirt, and of course equally dirty people. I would have to say that this casinos best friend is the bus line and the people who come here from the bus. Most people in this place I believe are spending welfare money and trying to win enough to pay for another week at the budget suites and other low income housing around the surrounding area. 
The ceilings are low, the machines are pretty old and there will always be some form of cigarette ash and debris you will remove from your play area. There is a bingo hall which is ok.. however you will smell cigarettes and urinal/fart smells most of the time playing. Even though there is no guarantee of winning coming to any casino, there is a guarantee that your hair and clothing will smell of smoke, and trash when leaving this place. 
I have never experienced the ice rink, or even stayed at the hotel as a guest... which I would never do even if comped. I have experienced a older woman vomiting in a trash can who was chain smoking and then telling the staff that she had some bad Chinese food. I also experience a woman who was sitting at a Buffalo machine tell me and my girlfriend that another man at the bar was "trying to get at her butt-hole". This place will play 90's hip hop/ popular music and does actually have some really nice employees. Please tip them well as they really deserve it. 
With all that said, don't worry about getting dressed up or even doing your hair when coming here as it is totally not needed. If you wanna fit in just wear pajamas, have some smokes, have some gold in your teeth, and of course understand the meaning of lowered expectations. Who knows you might be able to bring a hood rat heffa home with you if thats your thing. Enjoy !
Next time you order a drink and it comes in a glass.  Ask to have it put in a Styrofoam cup. A cocktail waitress brought me a drink with lipstick still on the glass {gross}.
The bed was good. The towels were fluffy. There were flat panel TVs. Water pressure in the shower was good. That's about all I can say that is good. Very small bathrooms, where you can't be sitting on the toilet and close the door at the same time. No in-room coffee, no fridge. I didn't notice it in our room, but the smoke really bothered my husband. He felt like it wafted up through the floor. 4th floor was non smoking, but I suspect the 3rd floor is a smoking floor.  Also, my son complained multiple times about the cooling system; he claimed it was loud and sounded like "a plastic bag flapping in the wind." The food at Denny's inside was pretty bad, even for Denny's standards.  The fiesta buffet was pretty good, but few healthy options (probably the norm among buffets). The Mexican restaurant was good but pricey. We will not be returning.
So where do I begin... I wanted to surprise my wife tonight, so I called to book a room. I usually play paigow here and just wanted to get away from home, so I figured this would be a quick get away.

1) I called around 5pm or so to book the room. The lady on the phone asked me if I wanted a king. She also said that I couldn't cancel because it was same day. No problem. I said yes, because that's what I wanted. 

2) She tells me how much it is, and after fees, its just under $100 for the night. No problem, I booked the room.

3) I get there and there are 3 people in front of me, then three more people show up after me and only 1 register open, so I wait almost 30 minutes to check in. Even the people behind me were complaining and I'd been there twice as long as them.

4) I finally get to the counter around 6:20pm and the lady tells me they don't have any kings available and haven't since yesterday. That pisses me off because the lady on the phone told me I was good for a king. Then the lady says that the king is only a "request"... well don't bill my card for a king if its only a request. Say that up front instead of lying to the customer and STEALING their money.

5) So now I can't cancel and we're stuck with a crappy room with 2 full beds instead of a king, like I was told I would have.

Avoid this place. They are liars. Any time you don't disclose that the customer may not actually get what they think they are paying for, it is dishonest. 

On top of that, they have the worst buffet in Vegas. I wouldn't even use my comps to eat there. I'm thoroughly pissed off right now because I'd much rather go somewhere else and actually get what I pay for.

FYI, according to the lady at the counter, they only have 10 kings in the entire hotel,  but you don't find that out until after they lie to you and steal your money.
This fiesta and the one in Henderson is the worst. Both smells like smoke. My eyes burn because of the smoke. I've been to downtown hotels and my eyes never burn. Wish stations just close down the 2 fiesta properties.
We checked in yesterday and chose the Fiesta Rancho because we are here for a hockey camp that is held in the hotel's ice arena. I was a bit worried after reading other reviews that said it was smoky and dirty. I was happily surprised. I've stayed at the Venetian and New York New York and this casino is not much smoker than those. It definitely seems to have a ventilation system.  I have never smoked and am sensitive to smoke but honestly it's fine. It is a casino after all!  The staff has been very friendly and helpful. I was playing a machine and noticed staff going around cleaning, straightening chairs.  The rink isn't too cold for spectators, even in summer clothes.

Food: my teenager is happy that there is a SubWay, Panda Express, and Denny's right inside the hotel/casino. We had a nice Mexican dinner at a Mexican restaurant in the casino last night with yummy coconut margaritas. They put toasted coconut around the rim with honey.  We haven't tried the buffet. They have Italian, Mongolian, not sure what else.

Cleanliness: like I say, they're cleaning a lot in the casino. My room smelled very clean, even a little bleachy when we arrived. The shower is a little worn, but I don't care. They have a non-smoking area of the casino. No tables in that section, just machines. Public bathrooms in the casino are large, modern (lots of tile), and very clean. The carpet in the Denny's is a bit trashed looking but the Denny's is otherwise clean. They decorate a lot and have left lots of adhesive stuff on the walls. Weird, but not an issue.

Room: clean, basic. No microwave, coffee pot, or fridge. They do have wall outlets handy, which is sometimes not so even in more expensive hotels. I have a view of a parking lot, abandoned drive-in and a billboard advertising a Hawaiian buffet. No free Wi-Fi. I think it's $6 for 24hrs. I'm using the hot spot on my phone. No conditioner.  Newer, up-to-date bedding. Air conditioner works great. Plenty cool in there.

Location: 22 min North from McCarren Airport  on MapQuest.  10min North of Downtown/Fremont Street Experience.  Next to Texas Station, same property owner. Texas Station has a bowling alley, theatre, Starbucks.  People say their buffet is good.

Transportation: taxis on site. We took the 106 bus from a bus stop across the street and rode 20min south to Downtown last night to go to the Fremont Street Experience. The bus was running every 30min. $2 for single trip. $3 for 2-hr pass. $5 all day. There is a 24-hr "Deuce" shuttle between Downtown and the Strip. It's over 100 degrees, so it was hot waiting but there is a small bus shelter. Not bad.

Pool: basic, small, clean.  Clean towels provided poolside but no food, drinks, or dressing area.

Casino: a few card tables, lots of  machines, a Keno runner circulating at least thru Denny's, a Keno machine area, several bars, a large Bingo hall.  I had an issue with my machine so lit the call button. The guy was there in about 10seconds to re-boot it. Very friendly. There's a bar in the center of the casino; not walled in.

This is not as upscale as properties on the strip, but it's not on the strip.  Smoky? Yeah, but not bad. I would come back!

-AC
nothing beats the out-in-the-open cheese of a hooters...  that's why i love them.  the wings are pretty good too (naked, 3 mile sauce on the side).  what's to say about this one?  it's more of a local establishment--too far from the strip and other hotels to be touristy, but on the way back from golf courses.  as a hooters go, it's about average.  

be sure to check out the army/navy store across the parking lot.  the shopkeep looks like he just got back from 'nam.
The food is just average,the service is pretty slow. So why is this 
place so popular? I can't figure it out. I've spent whole afternoons
sitting at the bar,wondering about this. I'll probably keep going 
back until I solve this mystery.
BOOBIES + HOT WINGS = PARADISE!!!!!

Theoretically, the above equation rings true.  Not so much at the Hooter's in Vegas.  From a dining standpoint, it sucked.  The service was very slow (how does it take 45 minutes to fry up wings!?), the coffee was served in styrofoam cups, the "plates" were wet (ewwwww).  The wings were pretty good, but not spectacular.

Well...since the food sucked, BRING ON THE BOOBIES!  Again, disappointment.  Even the main attraction, the so-called "Hooter's Girls" were meh.  Lots of skinny legs, flat asses and fake hootie-hoos. 

I dunno. I just didn't get it.  Maybe cause our party consisted of two straight girls and a gay man, but I just wasn't terribly impressed with Hooters.
Regardless of where I was in Vegas, there was always that questionable orange Hooters tempo smacking me upside the cornea.  I look out my hotel window, my view? The hulking Hooters Casino. Walking down the strip, minding my own business, trucks with huge Hooters billboards beckon at every stop, not to mention 3/5 taxis have some form of Hooters advertising on them.  So after 4 days of constant bombardment, before heading off to the airport on day last, I decided to give Hooters a try.  It was dining misadventure.

I was seated at the bar near a group of 4 guys that came in 1 minute before me.  30 minutes later, they had almost finished their wings and I still didn't have my food.  The bargirl who took my order re-assured me a couple of time that my wings+fries would be out soon. Rrrrright.  Honestly she was more interested in checking her cell for text messages and slacking off than getting me my food.  Shortly thereafter, I just walked out, hungry & disgruntled. Wiggity wack (tm)!!!

Hypoglycemia never makes for a happy review or reviewer. 1 Star for all flash and no flava in my tummy!
Isn't this address incorrect? It should be 115 E. Tropicana Ave., Las Vegas NV 89109 no? Anyway, here's my review:

Taking over the old Hotel San Remo property, Hooters had just opened on February 2, 2006, so quite simply, it gave us a good excuse to eat and stay there. Even though we got there fairly late (around 9PM), there was still a pretty hefty line wrapping around the side of the restaurant. The wait wasn't too bad though (we were let in less than 15 minutes later) so if you really want to eat here, stick around for a bit.

The interior of the restaurant was bright and spacious, with color televisions sprinkled all around, and a definite & recognizable wood theme. There was even live music, trickling in from the bar next door.

Read my whole column (with photos) here:
http://www.world-wide-ed.com/2006/04/01/vegas-kine-grindz/
I came here on both a Friday and a Saturday night and there was not a girl to be seen here that wasn't wearing some hideous getup. Only dudes. Lots of Dudes. Dudes ranging from 25 to 85. The girls working here were not particularly attractive either - you'll find them working at B, Wynn, Mandalay or some of the other higher end places where they make more money in tips. 

Decor here is terrifying.

Seems like a decent place for a deal on a cheap room though.
Much like their restaurant in San Francisco, I have no idea why people come here.  I started in the bar, and lo and behold, the wings suck here too.  I've never been dragged (and I always seem to be) to a Hooters where the good was even decent.  These ex-prom queens with nothing else going for them until they fall apart at 35 don't make up for a place that has crappy beer, crappy service, and crappy wings.

The place was just trashy.  A bunch of gross men drooling over not-so-attractive women wearing ridiculous outfits.  

The tables here are cramped to hell.  If you wear more than a size medium shirt, its going to suck for you.  One of the dealers the Blackjack table I was at got stuck with literally was on his 3rd day.  We where showing HIM how to play!  This is VEGAS!   If you can't add to 21 your in the wrong city!

I got comped a bunch of stuff, and they keep sending me free night passes and I still refuse to go.   That is how bad this place is.
The hodge podge review I guess since there's so many parts to a hotel/casino.

The rooms were a three, maybe even a two.  The beds aren't great and they're fulls instead of queens so it's not a great place to sleep 4 guys (we ended up grabbing a second room somewhere else).  In addition, there's a helicopter airport nearby.

The poker room was pretty small, only one table going, and the tournament starts at 10 a.m.  so I never made it.

The table games were also about a 3.  Some of the dealers are inexperienced.  I never played at the hooters girls as dealers tables either so  that wasn't the reason.

The bar people were pretty friendly though, and gave comp drinks while you played video poker without making you do max bets like some of the other casinos.  Oh, also they actually do comp red bull and vodka while some other places charged for the red bull.

It's also a poor choice for eye candy as a guy, since groups of girls aren't going to decide to stay there, and do you really need to go to Vegas to see Hooters girls?

Basically the redeeming factor is the price/location.
Have you been to a Hooters restaurant? Okay, just make it a little bigger, and throw some slot machines, table games, and a little poker room in there. BAM, Hooters Hotel and Casino.

The poker room has three tables. I don't mean, three games running usually, I mean, three tables total. They are, however, in the process of expanding the room, so that's good. They do have a daily tournament for $25, with a $10 ad-on, and a $5 rebuy. Unlimited rebuys in the first hour. It's just so darn hard to beat. I got close a couple times. The last time, I got knocked out on the bubble. I pushed all in with A/K, got called with A/J (nice call there, buddy) and the guy makes QUAD JACKS. At the end, the dealer says to him, "Geeze, anything else I can do for you?"  ,': )

The food is, well, Hooters grub. They do have fried dill pickle chips, though, which I absolutely love.

The room we stayed in was much nicer than I'd expected. The beds are only full-sized, but incredibly comfortable. And the service was excellent -- I called down for more soap and shampoo one morning, and it was at my door before I hung up the phone. (That's an exaggeration, but it was pretty darn fast.)

What truly amazes me, though, is they have the Hooters poster girls working the table games. You can actually sit at Ms. Hooters International's table and have her deal to you. Reckon they gotta find some way to keep them busy in between photo shoots.

The staff is always very friendly, and the pool area is really cool. Couple pools, couple hot tubs, a few sand pits, and two fire pits with seats arranged around them. I'll have to check it out now that it's warm enough to sit outside without the necessity of hot chocolate (or a hot Toddy).
Oh, the Hooters casino!  How hard did I laugh when I heard that the old San Remo was being renovated into a giant boobfest?  Oh, I laughed pretty hard.

Now, let's get this out of the way to begin with:  The whole idea of Hooters is pretty offensive to my sensibilities to begin with.  My expectations were pretty freakin' low when I got pulled in there behind 2 of my more machoesque male friends.  I was strangely nicely surprised.

Yes, there are Hooters girls everywhere and I could do without the little orange shorts.  It's also really, really bright in there thanks to the amount of orange everywhere.  It's just a really orange place; aptly enough, the club there is called Orange as well although it would probably take roofies to get me in that place.

However, it had 3 things that I really liked:  1) The martini bar.  It was great!  The atmosphere isn't the exact thing I always go for, but I felt comfortable there.  Happily enough I discovered a college friend was the manager so I got some free libations.  2)  The pool!  It was February and we made our way out to the pool just because and to our delight found a fire pit set back from the deck with seating around it.  It was delightful!  3)  There was a bar inside with dueling pianos.  Not as impressive as the ones at the NY, NY but less crowded and with less expensive drinks.

The non-Hooters amenities of this place were impressively impressive.
7 words: ROOMS WERE FREE, AND WE'RE STILL B*TCHING.

I feel sorry for the sucker who pays $129 per night to stay at this dump.

Man this place stinks...literally.  It used to be the old San Remo...now it's like an old lady who got a botched face lift from the guy who barely passed med school and now does back alley botox injections out of his pedo-van.

The rooms have cockroaches, the showers are dirty - the shower heads have calcium lime build up, the closets don't have doors, the sinks are cracked, the paint is peeling.

The dealers don't know the payouts (pay attention when you gamble there), the waitresses are pretty rude and aren't even Hooter-cute.  

The only part that's decent is the pool area...and I hear there are some beginners who learn to play hold'em here.  Easy prey if you know which is higher - a straight or a flush.

Delightfully tacky my ARSE...  this place gives HOOTERS a bad name.
I stayed a weekend in November, I couldnt belive the low rates (you know how the prices go so up Friday & Saturdays) , of course its not a fancy hotel, but I didnt find any big horrible things about it, its in a great location just right next door to the MGM (my fav. casino), and just a tip: to get from Hooters to MGM dont cross the street its kinda confusing, better walk over to the Tropicana (just next door to Hooters) and go up one floor and take the bridge that connects you directly to MGM. 
The rooms are nice and clean, just be aware that they will ask you for a refundable $50 deposit and they DONT take cash.
We chose Hooter's because we and 24 others were driving from SF to Las Vegas with classic hot rods in tow for a car show in Vegas, and Hooters was the only place that guaranteed us rooms together. Too bad they lied and our group was all over the place.

Wish that was the worst of it, but no. The worst was the raw sewage they pumped out of the place 20 feet from the rooms. The putrid stench got into every pore and was the most disgusting thing you could ever imagine. Vomitting for all the wrong reasons makes this place a health hazard.

Then there were the elevators that left you out on the wrong floor, that is, if they happened to be working at all.  It was a guessing game because Hooters never put an out of order sign up. Wanna guess how long it took to get up to your room since only 1 elevator was serving 18 floors of rooms in the Bayview Tower?

Taking a shower was a hoot too. About every 40 seconds you would get blasted with a scalding shot of hot water, or an absolutely freezing shower of water. It turns out this is a long term problem they have known about, but refuse to fix. (That goes for the elevators and raw sewage issues too. They know, they just won't fix it.)

Hotels I have stayed at in 3rd world countries haven't been this awful. To think this is an experience out of Las Vegas, NV is unimaginable.

.
I'm still not sure how or why I continue to let me family members book rooms when I go to Vegas, but for some reason I do.  The last trip we stayed at the Tropicana, quite the nightmare, but nothing compared to the ABSOLUTE SHITHOLE that is Hooters Hotel and Casino.  
The elevators don't work most of the time.  The A/C never works in the hallway.  The place smells of mold, ass and old cigar smoke.  The rooms are on the smaller side and make sure you stay away from the bar stools in the corner as they are a death trap waiting to happen.  Just trust me on this one.  The rooms are also dirty, especially the bathroom.  My favorite are the little notes around the room.....

Note #1 - We are trying to conserve power and energy, therefore, we would really appreciate it if you would use the same towel twice before we replace them.  (WHAT?!?!??  That's just gross, maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I didn't find blond hairs all over the bathroom.  By the way, those of us in this room all have dark hair.  Black more specifically)

Did I mention the three tempature escalating shower I was introduced too.  Nice, Cold, HOTT!!  Nice, COLD, HOTTTT!!  and so on.....

Note #2 - Again we are trying to conserve power and energy and would rather not change the sheets on every visit.  Face it, you don't change the sheets at YOUR house everyday, do you?  (Well no, but I also don't have left over blood stains on my comforter either)

I understand the saving energy thing, but not in vegas, we are at a casino for fucksake.  Lights on and blinking 24 hours a day, yeah, way to save Hooters!!

The food, well, disgusting, but it's Hooters what more could you ask for.

Just a side note, I learned at Hooters that the gals, in the black shorts with their Hooters uniforms are the pregnant ones....I've never seen so many pregnant Hooters bitches in my life.  I just don't know how I feel about that.

When all is said and done, I still give Hooters two stars for the $800 I won gambling, (did I mention I'm not a gambler) and the bartender "Guy" at the bar to the left when you walk in.  He was an awesome guy and a great bartender!!

The best part of all, was knowing I only had to stay two nights, because my last two nights would be spent in a suite at the Venetian!!
Things I love about Hooters:
1. Wings. 
2. classy decor, with the signature logo (which is universally known as a sign of sophistication) and the surf-shack meets small town strip club theme.
3. Hooters girls manning the table games and wandering around the place like lost little aerobics instructors - omg, those socks make my heart race.
4. Pool - three pools of differing temperatures, sweet waterfall, and premixed tasty tropical drinks (with admittedly less alcohol than I would like). 
5. Rooms - are nice, clean, orange and have comfortable beds.
6. The Dam - A diner with a very educational theme- the Hoover Dam. Hey, it's a big deal, ok. Its an exact replica of a rocky mountain diner experience, complete with cracked-out looking waitresses in ugly gray uniforms serving decadent burgers, and they got you covered for breakfast with a great buffet. But what happened to the frosted flake french toast???
7. Sense of humor - dont go to vegas without it. While most other hotels try to convince you that simply staying there and spending your money on their casino, overpriced rooms and nightclubs make you a sexy celebrity, Hooters does not front. You know you like scantily clad, cute but not TOO attractive girls serving you onion rings and dealing your blackjack. Hooters has a sense of irony and doesnt take itself too seriously and that makes the Vegas thing more relaxing and enjoyable.
8. Did i say wings?
9. Gift store- bring the old lady home a t shirt and she'll forget about that hooker you accidentally killed during a bachelor party.
10. Dan Marino Steakhouse - need I say more?

things i could live without - dudes at the pool bar whistling every time a girl walks by (even me, so you know they arent even picky), long waits at the Hooters restaurant, room rates have increased significantly for the weekend since last summer. Other than that, its delightfully tacky yet...totally fun.
This place is a great value. The first time I stayed here I payed $50/night. I like the fact that it is a small hotel, you don't feel like number like you do at the bigger hotels. For the price this place is great. Great pool and bars. The hot tub was never crowded. It actually was mostly empty, which was very nice, especially after walking all day! Great location because its close to all the big casinos (NYNY, MGM, Luxor, Tropicana.) I like the small size of the casino. I'm not sure I would gamble much here though. I've heard the card rules aren't as favorable here as other casinos. Must be because of the Hooters girls. Which, despite others telling me different, were very hot. The people at the front desk were very accommodating and let me check in early and check out late. Yes there were weird elevator issues, but I hardly cared. For $50 it was great deal. Obviously there are nicer places to stay but I had a great time staying here and will again even if I can't pay $50 every time.

For me, Hooters always tops the other "big" hotels on the strip such as The Luxor for value.  That place, like a lot of the others, is just too mediocre to charge that much. Damn Las Vegas for getting so popular and charging so much. And damn you snobs for contributing to that trend by giving in and paying that much!
I'm not a huge Vegas person, but found myself having to go for a friend's mid-week wedding last month at the MGM. He arranged for a block of rooms at the Hooters right across the street, so I had no choice. Let's not fool anyone. Hooters is no 4/5-star hotel, but if you're looking for a cheap alternative to the ritzier hotels on the strip, then Hooters ain't so bad. The location's great -- right near all the action (I think... who knows? Like I said, I'm not a huge Vegas person.)

As for the gambling... well, I don't really gamble, but I did watch my friend turn 60 bucks on a craps table into much more, so that's good. I spotted one of the poker dealers slightly struggle while dealing. Hmm... they may want to hire professional dealers and not just Hooters waitresses, which brings me to ---

The Hooters Restaurant at the hotel

I've had the not so distinct pleasure of visiting a few Hooters restaurants in 2 states. While they're not known for their culinary prowess, they at least have nice eye candy. Not in Vegas of all places. We had an unattractive, pregnant server who was fortunately not in typical Hooters garb. She was also a shitty, unattentive waitress. The place was not crowded, yet she barely visited our table to ask how everything was or refill our drinks.

Surprisingly, the maids at the hotel were much friendlier. They would always say hello whenever I'd walk by. I thought this was very nice considering they're probably making slightly less than minimum wage.

The rooms -- they're not so grand, but they're decent enough.

All in all, this is a decent place to stay if you want to save some money and be close to hotels like the MGM, NY/NY, etc.
Man look at those ratings... Either love it or hate it...  Anyway, I was so excited to go here but was kinda let down because I expected it to be an extravagant LAS VEGAS all out type of deal but it just looked like an old run down hotel too far to walk to from with a new hooters sign...

I mean the hooter girl slot machines and the big orange Jeep (or was it a hummer...) that was on display was pretty cool...

Eh I was just expecting too much I guess?
OK, so it is not a place I would go for that romantic weekend.  But when in town on business, it is a smaller hotel, cheap, and rooms are pretty good. 

If you go online, they have room deals that give you coupons - including $25 gift cert for Dan Marinos.  

Dan Marinos is not fine dining, but pretty good for a hotel restaurant.  (I recommend the ribs)  The Dam is a great place for breakfast or lunch.  The Hooters Restaurant is the usual (but I dont eat at them anywhere else ...).  

There is the Bait Shop, where you can get coffee, sandwiches, salads, fruit, etc. quickly and easily.  

The casino is small, but located down the street from the corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. From there you are at NY/NY, MGM, Excalibur and a tram ride away from Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  And the opening of the monorail makes the corner available to more.
I think I have had enough of all the Hooter-haters.  Seriously - if you want to be completely aroused during dinner, then go eat at a strip club.  The girls are not meant to be swimsuit models, otherwise they wouldn't be working at Hooters.  The point is, if you are going somewhere to drink beer and eat wings, you may as well have a girl with big hoo-hoos serving you.  She doesn't have to be a 10 for her to make it a more pleasant experience than getting beer and wings from some hurting girl somewhere else.

So get over it, stop with the criticisms and enjoy yourself.

Wings = good and cheap.
Ham & cheese sandwich - surprisingly edible.
Beer - same as everywhere else.
Boobs - well above average.  Plus the view of the pool patrons while you are eating is a plus.

I knocked off one star because the bartender was way too full of herself and wouldn't even smile while serving drinks.  She might be a Hooter-hater too.  If you're too full of yourself to work there, get the hell out.
Not the greatest hotel, but nice.  I went for a weekend get away with some friends.  We got a couple rooms.  The staff was very courteous.  We were able to leave our bags with the bellmen since we were there a few hours before check in.  It was a nice environment.  The rooms were nice.  They are Fulls but very soft.  The bathroom could use a little work but I enjoyed my stay.
Hmmm  1 star cuz i met the love of my life on this trip to Vegas.  the food was OK,  i was expecting so much more for ''The Hooters Casino" being the hooters connoisseur that i am.  long wait and there seemed to be plenty of tables.  our waitress was stuck up and messed up our orders and did not come to the table more then once.  also the food took forever to come out.  very disappointed,  This was August 2006.
The casino: It has my new favorite slot machine! Deal or No Deal.  There's something about opening up those silver briefcases that really gets your adrenaline going. It's awesome. Other than that, the casino is small and a little too smokey for me. 

The restaurant: The service was super slow. It really shouldn't take that long to defrost chicken wings and slap some hot sauce on them. It took at least half an hour for our order to come out and when it did, our food was cold. Maybe it's because the Hooters girls were too busy taking pics with the bachelor party in the corner. The hot wings weren't very good anyway. I've had better ones at El Torito (which isn't saying much).
It was good... nothing over the top special.  And, nothing really to complain about either ;)  I'd give another .5 star if I could... but as we all know, I "can't" so a 3 star it is! ;)

I had the clam chowder soup which was really good!  And, a caesar salad, which was good/average.  The fries and wings were also good/average.  

I think it must have been mating season a few months back, because a couple of the "Hooters" had an "Owlet" on board! ;)  Was kinda funny considering the "Boobie" concept at "Hooters" - it must kinda change the way the guys are thinking with those particular Hooters ;)  lol

Overall everything was good, service was friendly (our Hooter girl was one of the ones with an Owlet :)
It's human to look at other people when your "With" someone. The man looks, I look and sometimes I look with him.  He wanted to know why I was taking him to Hooters. 
     I grew up in Florida and Hooters is like Chili's with hot girls. It has never been that big of a deal. The Casino is kinda trashy and looks old. All the girls are decked out in the Hooters girl uniform of hot shorts and tanks. I guess it keeps the gamblers distracted? The clientele is mostly male or couples who enjoy Nascar.
     We ate at  the restaurant and sat at the bar. The bartenders seemed kinda surly. I guess I wouldn't be so peachy if creepy guys were staring at me all day either. We ordered wings and a couple of vodka sodas. The wings like at all Hooters were pretty good. Our drinks were so bad! She made us vodka with sprite? Ew! It was an okay experience. 
       So, to answer the man's question. The reason why I brought him here was to see  all the hot girls in Vegas that work in one place and be scantily clad. With all that eye candy he realized that he was very lucky!
I know that the whole drive of Hooters is to be served by beautiful women in short shorts and big boobs, but do they have to be dumber than a fifth grader too.  And seriously these girls boobs are smaller than mine, and I wear a very padded B cup.

The wings were good, but the after party was all bad.  I was afraid to pump and grind with any one because of the rawness that was leaking out of my ass all night.  Its been a week and my trips to the toilet are still not back to normal.
Booooooooooooooooooo! That Place Smells Funny.  I don't know what the smell was. At 4:00am in the morning...  most of the testosterone has worn out and they are asleep re-energizing.  I am glad I did not go Prime Time.

There were no Hooter Girls there...  Asleep.  

I did buy a Tee-shirt off the sale rack in the Golf Pro Shop in back.  I am glad I walked the length of the Casino.  It is small.  The gift store at the entrance is much better stocked.  There were some cute gurl tops.  I bought a Hooter Tee for $15.00 Regularly $32.00.  I also bought some hair gel, it was decently priced.

ok Bedtime...I am going to UNLV in da mornin'  I will be writing some more Yelp Las Vegas REviews....laters...

Infodiva in the 702 Las Vegas Nevada Airport Code LAS  I left my HEART in San Francisco.
The damn resturant is a very good place to eat cheap . The hooter girls are better than the ones we have here.  This place is'nt the first place i would go to gamble that is mgm.  However susan said their where readnecks and was waiting for the tractor pull lol.  Thats funny I live on a farm and still fit in at Pure and tryst with the high end people . Its vegas part of it is that you get to enjoy all types of people. Your proably just mad because those rednecks would'nt give you the time of day.  Hooters looks for rednecks and sports fans, not ho's who spend more money on makeup than blackjack.
AT THE MOST TWO STARS!!!  What a dive, I booked my staff there trying to save some money for the year for a convention last week.  I love the location, just 5 minutes from the Mandalay Bay Convention center, but what  a sacrifice of quality.  

The minute you walk into the casino, it reaks of smoke and seems to be an attractions for what seems like the homeless.  We parked in the back and left via poolside as much as possible.  The rooms were corny and cheap, but clean and surprisingly quite. 

The girls dealing were really not all that good looking, just silicone filled.  This place was pretty much a big disappointment.
This place is dirt cheap!!! The parking lot is scary as heck.  There is a very small self-park lot out front and a garage adjacent to the hotel.  The garage is very high - maybe like 7-8 stories but is so freakishly small.  After spending 10 minutes try to find a parking spot on the 7th floor, my friends and I enter the elevators and pray not to die as the shaft is shaking and making funny weird noises.  Besides praying for our safety,    we are holding our breath because there is a smell combination of vomit, urine, and shit - no kidding!  Anyways, besides the parking situation, the casino is small and decent.  They were running this suited blackjack promotion where if you got a suited bj, you got a free Rush Hour 3 DVD.  My friends and I ended up winning around 10 and selling them to tourists from Canada for a few bucks. 

Moving on, I did not stay in their hotel rooms but based on the casino, I would much rather go somewhere else unless its free.  There's no reason to come to Hooters besides to eat their fat inducing hot wings.  There is also no "eye-candy" here... if you want to see very beautiful cocktail waitress go to Bellagio or Wynn.
Wow, they'll let anybody open up a hotel, huh?  I guess I'll just wait for the Walmart hotel or Google hotel.  Or better yet, how about the Yelp hotel!  Sweet!

As for this restaurant, it's pretty much the same as any other hooters.  The wings are good (not great) and beer flows freely.  The women are scantily clad and the "A" team is good and the "B" team isn't half bad either.  However, the "C" team is ugly.  

One thing that they do different here is that they take a picture when you walk in.  You take it with like 3 or 4 girls, but when you actually see the picture, there's like twice as many.  What's that about?!?!

Side note:  I won $250 on the 25 cent Wheel of Fortune machine.  Give it a shot and see if you can win more money to infuse back into the Vegas economy.
I want an Owlzilla and I want one now *stomps feet*

Fat bastard wouldn't sell me one and they are the only good thing about this place.  (Except for wings, read below)

The casino is the size of a peehole.  The girls do not have hot hootz or hot asses.  Fuhglee bitches in tight orange shorts, shiny hosiery (that's pantyhose for hos), ohhh, you all know the uniform.

Service is slow.  The bartender chick was ugly and rude and poured weak drinks, and I was PAYING for these drinks.  I understand to order beer if I'm gambling, but my pretty lil ass was sitting at the bar and I expect some vodka with my soda, thank you very much.

Why two stars????  Because after 11pm, they serve 10 chicken wings for $2.50 and I'm a girl who likes a bargain.  The 9-1-1 wings were pretty spicy.  Almost a lil too spicy, but darn tasty.

Never again Not So Hot Hootz-ers, unless I'm nearby and craving wings.
I should have stayed at motel 6!  This place sucked so bad, I wanted to crawl into a corner, roll into a little ball, and cry! 

First, our rooms smelled like chicken wings-- gross, especially when you're hung over.  

We got locked out of our room because the battery on the door went out.  I had to run back and forth about 4 times from the back of the hotel to the front desk to keep having my key reassigned because they said it was my fault for keeping the key too close to my cell phone and/or credit cards.  
So, I finally got in the room (after having no luck with the maid's key or mine) by punching the lock a few times.  They still sent up someone from engineering to change the battery, after which, the lock never worked AT ALL -- ever again. 

As I waited in line at the front desk...again, to find out what was going on with the key, I met a couple who were having issues with their key, and they pointed out another couple who also couldn't get into their room.  It's an epidemic at Hooters!  

From then on, they told us we would need to have security escort us to our room any time we needed to get back in.  Finally, they said they would send someone up to fix it, but it would be a while because they were changing shifts, and by the way, someone would have to wait in the room because engineering wasn't allowed to fix the lock without us present.  

So, here we are, chained to our room, waiting for someone to fix the lock-- did I mention, the engineer from earlier told me their programming equipment to fix the lock was broken, and they probably wouldn't be able to fix the lock until the next morning. 

We called the front desk to request a new room.  After being told they were full, we talked them into giving us a suite.  Once, we got into our new room, the remote for the tv was broken, one of the lightbulbs in room was out, and there was a freaking cricket making a crapload of noise all night!.  AND the room was directly over the garbage, so all night i heard garbage trucks and had the pleasant aroma of rancid wings wafting in the window. 

The absolute only good part about this hotel was the nice bell person, Sean, who took our bags to the new room, and the really nice craps dealers who made losing money a fun experience!  

Thanks Hooters, for making me cringe and cry every time I see the color orange.
Right away, minus four stars because I'm a woman with some self respect. What an idiotic theme for an unfortunately wildly successful brand name. Ugh.

This is the former San Remo Hotel, which I used to love for their authentic Sushi restaurant, but in Vegas tradition, which is, there is no Vegas historical society really, it was torn down and built into this dive.

I have to agree with other reviewer, parking lot was totally scary, dark, no security, totally open spaced to walkways, especially scary for a woman walking into an entire building dedicated to the hatred of women.

One star only because of proximity to Strip and surprisingly  the cocktail waitresses are some of the most covered up and conservative that I've seen in Las Vegas. Other hotels have the chicks walking around in g-strings and I stand WAY too close to their asses on the casino floor, but here they're wearing little shorts and a little jacket. 

Disgusting clientele of leering men wondering why you are here, women looking at me thinking, why is she here? Does she work here? Is she looking for her friends? Why are her friends here? I was here to see the mentalism show.

I noticed the other show they offered was of a disgusting comic that was very 1950's sexist racist, so it is consistent with Hooters theme.

Paid for a $10 drink in the showroom that looked renovated and nice, but I had to walk out of the Mentalism show after 15 minutes, I've seen better high school magic acts, and I wouldn't wish anyone sitting through a high school mentalism act.

While walking out, noticed that the casino was pretty dead. Thank God, maybe this place will close down soon.
If you're expecting luxury and a quiet stay you'll be disappointed. However, if you're looking for a good value near the strip then this will fit the bill. 
I've stayed here 4 times so far and found the rooms to be clean and service to be ok. The restaurants are not worth it. The breakfast diner probably has THE worst breakfast buffet I have ever had (look up Hash a Go Go on Sahara Ave for an awesome eat) and I can guarantee that Dan Marino hasn't set foot into his namesake restaurant in a long time, but it's tough to beat the location and convenience of being right on the strip. I travel to conferences in Vegas every now and then and have found it to be an overall decent place to stay.
Damn you, Priceline!

Don't get me wrong, I love a good Priceline deal.  Most hotels I found through Priceline have been cheap and better than expected.    However, in this case, my experience was a big fat disappointment.  It is partially my fault, because I failed to read the disclaimers.  You see, about 12 months ago, Priceline changed their hotel "zones" from "North Strip" to "North Strip & Vicinity" and from "South Strip" to "South Strip & Vicinity."  Oh boy.

The last two times I was in Vegas (Final Four Weekend and Kentucky Derby Weekend), I was unfortunate enough to have been relegated to the "vicinity."  I am talking about Hooters Hotel and Casino, formerly known as San Remo Hotel.  The Hootel, as I like to call it, is located just behind Tropicana and just across the street from MGM Grand.  The location is really not that bad.  Besides, I only paid $69/night, which my friends found to be hilarious in itself.

However, was it a good value?  NO!!!!

The Hootel is worse than you can imagine.  Only one of the two elevators in our tower worked.  The Hootel seemed to have a shortage of hand towels and regular sized towels.  When we called housekeeping, they promptly brought us more bath towels.  Hmmm.  The towels weren't even all that white.  Hmmm again.  The latch on my balcony door wasn't working.  Hmmm one more time.  The walls are paper thin, so you can hear a lot of what's going on in the adjacent rooms.  Hmmm and shrug.  We stayed on a non-smoking floor, but the "no smoking" designation must have included tobacco only, because the distinct smell of marijuana emanated from the hallway (I am talking to you, obnoxious guests in Room 1008).  Hmmm and sniff-sniff.

The room itself is a sight to see.  It's not your average Zach and Cody's suite at the Tipton Hotel.  It's more like Hannah Montana's after-school Malibu hangout . . .  if she and her friends wore orange shorts and served you beer and chicken wings.  (OK, even I don't know where this analogy came from).

Have you ever dreamed of having your own Hooters Restaurant in your house, without the women or chicken wings?  Well, your fantasy is realized right here, in your very own Hooters hotel room.  Your room decor will feature tables and backboards made of unfinished wood, bright orange lampshades, a painting of a Hooters restaurant on the wall, a fake palm tree, and ... an orange bar stool and a bar table right in your room!!!  Score!

Unfortunately, no amount of orange decorations could make up for the white trash appeal of this hotel.  The clientele of this Hootel is unbelievably white trash.  Never in my life have I seen so many Harley Davidson and Lynyrd Skynyrd t-shirts on a casino floor.  Every group of frat boys checking in had a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon or Bud in tow.  Women had questionable tattoos and wore Daisy Duke shorts.  Casino featured neon lights and an original Alan Kulwicki's NASCAR vehicle.  I kept hearing Jeff Foxworthy's "You might be a redneck if . . . " routine in my head.  'Nuff said.

I love a good bargain, but this isn't it.  Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $10-30 a night on a real hotel room.  I am never staying here again, EVER.
j: i have an idea!!! let's go to hooters and munch on some wings!!!

everyone else: yes! genius! let's go!! oh man, i'm drooling already!

we march happily over to the end of the strip. drinking the rest of whatever we have in hand. smiles on faces and stomachs waiting for that awesome moment it's filthy full. drunken stumble into the hooters casino. my face is red with glee and happy from all the chicken i'm about to indulge in...

dozens of arms fly up into that air: what?!?! no chicken wings?!?!?!

jew gooottaa be keeding me?!

lame!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want my 911's and garlic wings, and let's not forget the satisfying carrot and celery sticks, yeah i eat those, happily too!!!

fugly hooters girl: can i interest you in our fine dining experience? the restaurant is owned by dan marino.

p: ha! we are drunken fools who just wanted to stuff our faces with some chicken wings and nasty beer. do you really want us in your "fine dinging" hall trying to act as proper as possible in our state, when we're not proper when sober??? no thanks, we'll just head out the doors now. (all while i'm thinking in my head: was her selling point "fine dining" or "owned by dan marino?!?!" was this bitch really thinking that either of those things or both could sell us?? i still ponder this thought when this experience is recalled by my memory)

granted it was about 430 in the am. but who isn't drunk in vegas as this time, craving some food?!?! maybe not good food, but chicken wings are just one of the best drunken foods ever.

we ended up walking back to polo towers, of course stopping by mgm, to gamble a bit more, then stopped by micidee's to fulfill our hunger. and let me tell you, it was the best mcdonald's meal i've ever had! this beats the moments when i was 10 and could scarf down 2 big macs, supersized fries and a large coke. man those were the days!! where i could eat anything and everything and not gain a pound.

back to the subject at hand:
this place isn't even worthy of one star, but i have to according to yelp rules. now i didn't stay at this forsaken hotel, but i have (sad to admit) stayed here when it was san remo. the place is a dump. scratch that, that's an understatement if i've ever heard of one. if you've ever walked into this place you can see the flies and roaches packing their bags to go to another hotel on the strip.

a hooters in vegas that doesn't serve chicken wings 24/7, blasphemy!!!
Being in Vegas with 3 other lads we decided not to break from stereotype and pop in here to get something to eat, so I can't comment on the Hotel itself or the gambling.

The whole casino is done out in the typical Hooters style (i.e. barn like) the ceiling is very low and the place felt kinda small and cramped in comparison to other casinos.

We had to queue for about 30mins to get seated, this was despite the fact there were at least 4 or 5 tables free at anyone time whilst we were in the queue.  When we did get to the front of the queue the waitress stood right in front of us, ignored us for 5mins whilst she had a conversation with another waitress about their boyfriends.  In general the service was awful and the chicken wings we ordered turned up cold.  Otherwise the food was "ok" and our waitress (once seated) was enthusiastic if perhaps a little irritating.

Wouldn't bother going again.
Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.

On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
shitty self rated hotel online. WTF are they thinking? 3 stars for this hotel? 
the place has no lobby, ugly women (even though they did meet the requirements of big sagging boobs, they are still disgusting), and horrible room. 

You get into this hotel and you see a bunch of drunks that can't manage to walk straight because they drank to much beer. these people seem to get attracted by the ugly women.
Maybe it's because I was with a group of non-picky college kids, but I thought this place was pretty OK.   Or maybe it was the fact we barely spent any time in our rooms....sleep?  In Vegas?   NEVAH!

Highlights:  pool, hot tub, seeing people have sex in the hot tub from our 7th(ish?) floor room, seeing people have sex in a room (open windows, lights on) across the way from us, beds big enough to fit 3-4 of us per bed (squeeeeeeeeze), and girls in orange shorts EVERYWHERE!  What's not to love?

Okay okay, so it's kindof skeez, but its HOOTERS, what did you expect, really?  Class?  Forget about it.
For being THE Hooters restaurant in the Casino, this place did not stack up to normal Hooters' restaurants across America. The service was decent, but the food just did not taste as good as normal. We stayed there for a few nights (we are locals, this was cheap and while our house did not have water for laundry repair) and ended up eating there twice. I usually LOVE the buffalo chicken sandwich, and both times it was very dry, and pretty much sauce-less and taste-less. Normally, I love this sandwich and its smothered. My boyfriend got salads both times which were much better. I'd say this is the worst Hooters we have ever been to.
I couldn't stand the Casino inside the MGM where I was staying because I couldn't get a drink to save my life and the dealers were not friendly and rude.I walked across the street to play blackjack at Hooters. The dealers were friendly and drink service was adequate. The first night I tripled my money and the second night I lost it all, plus some. It's Vegas baby. Although I would say the Pit Boss was a dweeb. A guy at my table had a handful of $100 chips. He asked for a $500.00 chip and was told to go to a better table and he'd get what he wanted. If your seat is hot, why move. Why make this guy hold a handful of chips. Dummy.
I love Hot wings.  love love love hotwings, and although I AM a chick - I still dig going to Hooters, and from what I've learned there is a HUGE HUGE difference between locations for quality of food.

This one is at the low end of my rating scale - although our server Tiffany was one of the nicest and most knowledgable of servers we have had yet in any of the locations.

The wings (911 and 3mile) 's sauce was almost gritty like sand in texture and the celery was limp.  The battered shrimp were rather soggy too (as if they were not frozen all the way thru prior to cooking)

Not a great one, but from what I learned not a francise - one of the 'staple' locations. Which makes me wonder - which has better food, the chicken or the egg?
You're a block off the strip, paying 1/3 what you would across the street at the MGM. The rooms are clean, the service is friendly, the pool is pretty darn good. Luxury hotel/casino it ain't - put it into perspective, expect to get what you pay for and you'll probably think you got a good (or at least decent) deal. Very similar to a lot of the "old strip" hotels.  

For us, (I'm an almost-30 female, he's a 40 male), we love hooters and have been there three times. And, we're not white trash - I didn't notice a "white trash" clientele, but we've only been out there for Jimmy Buffett shows across the street, so that crew may overwhelm the other crew. 

Don't get me wrong. If I can hotwire a room at one of the mega-casinos, I'd do it in a heartbeat. But I'm not spending 400 a night to spend one hour awake a day in my room when I can get into hooters for 100. In the tower rooms, the beds are comfortable (surprisingly so), the rooms are clean (if a little cheesey, but it's a HOOTERS, for goodness sake - are you expecting crystal?) and everyone (staff and guests) seems relaxed and happy. 

In the casino, it's about the only place you'll find $10 blackjack on a Saturday night, drink service is fast and friendly and dealers were having fun. The pool is decent and clean (the hot tubs were a little gross looking IMHO), and the waitresses around the pool kept our drinks -- even when we were simply rehydrating with water -- full.

Food-wise, being a vegetarian, I got a little sick of grilled cheese sandwiches (which was my only option at both dan marinos and the hooters restaurant). But the MGM is a short walk across the street, with its more extensive food court and options. 

Bottom line? If you're not high maintenance and looking for a laid-back place that's a good deal and walking distance to most of the other places you'll be going, give it a try. If you're thinking you're getting a stereotypical Vegas strip casino at a cut rate - go for it, and then come back on here to write your complaint. It is what it is, and what it is really isn't all that bad.
The Hooters Casino isnt a very far walk from the strip and lacks the bells and whistle of the nicer casinos, but overall it was pretty fun to gamble at! While walking up and down the strip, we could only find $10 black jack tables, but at Hooters, they had $5 black jack tables so that was right up our alley!

The dealers were all SUPER nice and very imfortative to a novice player like me. In the end,  my husband and I both lost our $50, but we made it last quite a bit and it offered lots of entertainment time.

We also saw a show for The Mentalist. I dont know if it's real, but it was certainly believeable and really cool! Check it out if you're lookin' for something to do :o)
Are you serious?  Hooters sold enough hot wings to open a Hotel/ Casino/ Hooters?  Well, they hired enough *ahem* talent  to pawn off their mediocre wings across the country.  Gotta admit though that they have some hot waitresses here.  Food still sucks.  Might as well enjoy the view while I choke down the food.
The one and only reason why we stayed here.....25 dollars a night for a room? Yeah....I'm a Hooters Girl somewhere else and we get a fat discount.
Never again I'm going on vacation to a place where your room looks like your work....aahhH!!!! I came back more stressed out than I left!
Nightmare.
The only good thing, it's next to the strip so that's a plus...and the company I brought with me was the best.
And to whoever said the "self-respect" thing....we actually wear more clothes than a lot of restaurants! If you are from LA....go to Saddle Ranch, you'll see what I mean!
And how could I forget! The girls....OH   MY   GOD. Horrid....Hideous? Whichever you prefer! They looked like 35 year old single moms....ex coke heads... seriously.....no thanks
Hooters is a crappy hotel! The wings aren't even that great! Try Terrible's wings (see my review) and you'll be glad you did. The hotel looks cheesy on the outside & is just as cheesy on the inside. They try to sucker people in with the Hooter girls as dealers & waitresses bending and giving everyone a peek at their business. Big deal! You can see that sh!t from thousands of chicks on the strip....not to stray but have you seen the way most chicks are dressing in Vegas these days! Yikes! It's gotten so that you can't tell which ones are the "working girls" and which ones are the visitors. But anyway, back to hooters schemes to get'cha in to their casino. $100 free slot play! You see it all over Vegas..on cabs, billboards, etc. I guess it worked on us because we went here for that reason and that reason alone (probably not for the males in our party though who were finally more than willing to go!)! Do I smell something fishy, and I don't mean the females here, or what?! Waste of time? YES! You sign up for the players card and then you MUST play at the 12 designated machines they have for this "$100 free play" promo. Then you play the hundred in $2 slots & if you win you can't keep the money! Only if the money reaches over 2400 (or something like that) in credits. Then you get an amazing $50! Don't waste your freaking time! That money flies in like 2 minutes. Spend your time and money going to a better casino!!! And fellas, if T & A is what you seek than tour the strip! Seriously.
I finally got to come here myself!!  

Me and two friends broke off from the rest of the group and monorailed it over here when we were in Vegas.. I had to see it! 

It looks great from the outside all lit up in the Vegas city lights!  We walked in and went alllll the way through... I blew a bunch of money in the bait and tackle shop in the back... then went and stood in the crazy long line to get a Hooter's players card... I've never seen a line so long for a player's card... EVER!  but I roughed it out and waited, got my card and my coupons... then realized that if I had waited until after getting my card I would've gotten 25% off my purchase!  oh well... 

Then we went and ate at the Hooters... insdie Hooters... we sat in the back next to the windows that overlooked the pool.. Only bad thing, it was really windy and getting dark so there weren't any pooltime hijinx to witness, but the pool area looks great with a waterfall and there's even outdoor seating for the restaurant out there...

The restaurant doesn't have the teriyaki version of the chicken like we do in Campbell but aside from that it seems prettttttty similar... Our waitress wasn't in the usual Hooter's garb... they seem to be in a football jersey kind of motif...

So... when I go back to Vegas in October we're staying in one of their 2 story bungalows, so there will be another review to come =)  Strangely enough I found that to be cheaper than anything else for the weekend we're visiting...
I have to say, for being my first time in Vegas, the Hooters Hotel and Casino was a really good place to stay - it didn't have the wild experience, and it was at the end of the strip.  Next time I probably would want to be more in towards the middle of the strip when I stay in Vegas, but this place did me just fine.  

The room we were staying in at Hooters was pretty screwed up though.  We had issues with the bathroom from when we first got there.  I had just driven 5 hours in from Phoenix (after a quick stop at the Damn) - and wanted to shower.  We took showers, and noticed that the water wasn't draining in the tub.  So I told the front desk that this was happening.  They said they would be sending someone up - so we left, went and walked around - had dinner, etc and did the nightly Vegas thing.

We came back, went to bed, woke up and went to take showers only to notice that the shower was still doing the same thing.  I went back downstairs, told them the story, and off we went again, as they said someone would be back up to fix it.  We came back after breakfast and I checked the shower - it worked!  I flushed the toilet, and it didnt flush.. WTF Mate?

Anyway - I go back downstairs, now a little bit pissed (It takes a lot to get me mad, and If I'm frustrated, I get what I want).  So I went downstairs, talked to the person at the desk - didnt like the response of, "We'll send someone back up.."  So I talked to a manager and told him we either wanted a new room, or we were going to another hotel - and we were upgraded to a better room.

Now normally this would look bad, but I like a place that actually listens to customers.  I never asked for an upgrade or a better room the first two times I went down there.. I really didn't want to move my bags.  So the third time, I just didnt want to deal with it anymore.  So we ended up getting an upgrade, and something like 20% off the entire bill, which I was completely satisfied with.

The rooms are actually really nice too.  They make you feel like you are in a Hooters (shocking, I know) and the hotel staff is generally very friendly and accommodating.  The pool outside looked great, although it was a bit below swimming temperature for me at the time, but again - it looked great with the outdoor bars and everything.

The casino is nice too.  A little bit cramped in some spots, but a nice feel to the place.  And again, its nice to be in a casino and see hooters girls a plenty!

Whether you are staying at their hotel or not, you have to at least check it out.  It is worth it!
Very very disappointed at the girls here... I would have expected them to be of finer quality here then at other hooters establishments, but they were worse!!  Of the 20 or so girls there, they did not live up to the "name" you "look" for. I think all the attractive girls went to make more money elsewhere in Vegas.

Onto the food...  the wings are pretty good as always, but the fries they gave us were sooooooooooo cold!!  And the girls I was with would not let me send them back for fresh ones (they didn't want them to defile the new fries).
I was hammered when I got here and we wandered right in for 25 cent wings after midnight. We ordered 150 of them and fed the homeless guy who was next to us. We left full and happy and as we walked out, they were blaring Journey, so we scream-sang at the top of our lungs.

The girls weren't any better or worse than the rest of the strip and the inside looks like, duh, a Hooters. If you don't know what you're signing on for here, go elsewhere.
While I don't think I would stay here, our friends were and it has a pretty good little casino. Easy to get a drink, the girls were friendly, the games seemed to pay out pretty good for us, and.... 25 cent wings in the wee hours of the night. It wasn't bad for parking our asses down in front of a table with a drink and cigarette pre/post hitting the strip.
I came to Hooters this weekend with a preconcieved bad attitude about the hotel. 
Maybe it was the old San Remo Hotel location and the roaming gang of thugs that would steal stuff from peoples rooms "in the old days."

Maybe it was just the name and the concept of "Hooters" ......

But  $79.00 with added buffet coupons and "free slot play" on a Saturday night did not seem like a bad deal.
I wondered how the hooters chain could have improved the hotel after taking over from the San Remo.

I was very much surprised a how nice the room was. The "Ocean view" rooms sported a California beach look with  wood planking and beach looking furniture.
Hey, the bed was OK, so no problem.......
Bathroom was standard with no problems, so once again - no problem.

The 200.00 in free slot play is a scam. You go to "special promotional machines and if you hit the big jackpot on three reals you win a 100, or even 1,000. Otherwise nothing else counts .....
It is kind of like the free pull machine at the four queens casino downtown. 
You know you are never going to win, but you keep doing it each time you visit anyway. 
I doubt very much if they pay off one or two hundred a day.   
But that is another issue ......

The check in was easy and quick. The hotel peopel were friendly and accomodating.
All in all not a bad stay.
Might do it again one day.
So, I got a group of friends together to go to Vegas with me to ring in my 30th year of life. I had to keep in mind that some people are on a budget with kids, mortgages, etc. Bingo! Hooter's came up on my search. I'm not one of those women that are scared of Hooter's girls, so I didn't hesitate booking our stay there.
When we arrived, I noticed the place was FULL of men. Perfect place for a single girl to stay! We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff who upgraded our rooms to "Ocean View" rooms due to my sheer awesomeness....ok I don't know why they upgraded us, but it was cool.
My room was clean and comfy with a nice view. My bed was comfortable, nothing cushy or posh, but comfortable. The only things I would change would be to replace the carpet because it's old, brighten up the hallways a bit, and update the elevators. Other than that it's a cool little hotel. If I'm ever breezing in and out of Vegas again, I'll probably stay there to save some dough. It's nothing fancy, but it's a clean, budget friendly place to stay.
my last review, i didn't want to give this place any stars, so this review, i'm giving it one. they finally got wings!!! since it's the middle of the night and we're pretty red in the face, we order 50 medium and 50 hot with some fries. only to be disappointed that we get 50 medium and 20 hot. ummmm, wtf?!?!

and we got some dude as our waiter. no hooters girls here?!?! isn't that everyone expects?
I stayed here back in October but here's the dish...

I was supposed to be staying in the bungalows which once you look at them just look like some variety of run down apartments and/or those little hotels across from Disneyland... My friends got there at the end of their honeymoon... so a couple days before us... and they were having a... get this... "cricket infestation" in the bungalows so they had to "upgrade" us to a regular room...  ahaha.. upgrade.. I guess so... 

It was a regular ol room with two beds, the rooms were renovated which apparently entailed putting orange lamp shades over most of the lamps, changing it to a Florida feel, putting a little bit of wooden accents, and adding a hooters orange barstool.  All in all, nothing special but it did the trick... the elevators on the other hand were creepy and one of them broke once or twice the weekend we were there.. that's a no go!  

The service was ok, we could track down the cleaning ladies for towels in the morning... when we went to pick up our baggage from holding it took a good 20 minutes before I was able to reach over the desk, grab one of their walkie talkies, and finally press enough annoying buttons to get someone to notice what was going on... 

The bad thing about the casino part is when you get their players card it's like a one time thing.  You can earn a billion points to get the owl that is impossible to buy but aside from that not a whole lot going on with the card.  When you first get it there's $200 in free slot play on their designated slots and a few coupons but after that you're out on a limb.  And you can't check your point balance online or anything so I don't really know how it benefits you once you're out of vegas... 

I love Hooter's really, got to take a ton of pictures with the random hooterness stuff like the escalade, hummer golfcart, and random surfboards... If I have to I'll stay here again but you have to walk across to MGM or farther if you want to get going Vegas status... Hopefully next time I'm in Vegas they don't lose another star =P
Been here twice in two years.  Not a big fan.  It's ironic, but both times I was walking over there, people were leaving who were complaining about how awful the place is.

I certainly didn't think it was awful, but nothing really jumped out and got my attention either.  It's just kind of "there".  

Give me a reason to come back, Hooters!!
The only reason why I went here was for the 25 cent wings, cheap and open at odd hours in the night/morning. Going up the elevator was a thrill in itself, it looked so old and beat up, I was seriosly afriad that it was going to fail any second and I was going to drop to my death. The whole hotel looked like it could give you 25 different venerial diseases just by walking through it. 

I was unimpressed with the service, and the servers all had an lack of interest with their job. One of my friends when here before and had the most terrible service. Another table was seated 15 minutes after her, got and ate their food and then even paid for their bill before she even received her order.  

The chicken seemed like it came from a farm which needed to be shut down for animal cruelty. Many of the wings were broken, I had a wing which had a couple feathers still attached to it. 

Barely passable as food, go here only if you have drunk munchies and you need to fill up with a few bucks. I would suggest to order the wings breaded, and no sauce.
Another yelper said they were giving out 10 Free Wings to new Rewards card members so I decided to take full advantage.

I signed up for the Rewards card & got a funbook. It gave me $100 free slot play-i lost, 10 free wings, and 2 for 1 beer. So I went to Hooters had some wings and a steak sandwich. The food was decent-good meaty hot wings, i had them 3 mile island style.the atmosphere was incredible, and the price was just right. 20 wings, steak sandwich,4 beers less than $20
There is a little bit of a wait since this place is packed but they have lots of TV's and the pool has a bar and firepits.Good food,limited menu but good prices so close to the strip.
Hooters girls arent what they used to be, all the girls here look under 21 and they aren't so scntily clad as most cocktail waitresses in other casinos.
The steak sandwich wasnt charbroiled but it was still fairly good, the wings were big and juicy wit ha little crunch, i liked them.
The pool & the porch is the best seat in the house. Theres lots of Tv's everywhere to make sure you can catch the game from any seat in the house.
I got food poisoning here just a couple of days ago when I was here for New Years. Maybe we sat across each other and didn't even know it, Kallie. I had the hot breaded wings with ranch and a vodka/ cranberry. The service was non-existent and/or cranky--I was never asked for a refill. However, I refilled the toilet several times New Years Eve thanks to Hooters.
I'll preface my remarks by saying that I didn't actually stay at Hooter's myself.  A buddy of mine who was in Vegas at the same time I was and stayed there.  I was at another hotel and visited to take a look around.

All I can say is, Wow!  I never would have though that they could have made a hotel so much like a restaurant!  The signature orange colors and wood flooring are seen throughout the casino, restaurants and rooms.  They've even got small tables and stools in the rooms like they do at the restaurant!  I never would have believed it!

The pool area looked nice, although a little rundown.  This was in Dec 2008, so it may have just been that the cold weather and the winds that were blowing through were keeping things from looking perfect.

I'd equate the rooms to a Red Roof Inn or Days Inn.  Nothing at all fantastic.  Standard, uncomplicated bedding.  Chips and scratches in the paint and signs of being somewhat rundown.  Nothing too scary, but noticable.

From what my buddy said the "free slot plays" are kind of cheesy.  You're required to use certain machines to play, have to play with higher amounts, and can't really make too many choices for yourself.  He was not particularly impressed.

We did nosh on the breakfast buffet on our last day (thanks 2-for-1 coupon!) and it was decent.  Much what I would expect a Hooters restaurant to serve if they served breakfast.  They also had great buffalo wing deals after 12 midnight, but by the time we were done hitting the town we pretty much just crashed as soon as we got back, and never made it to the tables.

Basically I'd say that you get what your pay for.  My buddy paid something like $39/night for the room and understood that that wouldn't be getting him a stay in a 5-star joint.  But when you're out on the town most of your trip and don't spend too much time in your room, is an expensive room worth it???
This casino hotel is not that bad. I just have experienced better. The room is tolerable. The casino is small and smoky. The elevators are kind of scary. The parking garage is old and sucky. I do not mind walking so the distance from the Strip is not that bad. I would not pay more that 40 a night though.
Never been to a Hooters before, but wasn't impressed =\. 

The chicken was just chicken, but delicious all the same. Their spice levels are a lot lower than what I am used to associating with "hot" and whatnot, so that's something you might want to keep in mind...if you have a decent spice tolerance, just go all the way and get the Three Mile Island (which I think is the spiciest). 

Drinks were horribly overpriced and watered down, and I didn't find the waitresses to be much to look at either; would have thought Vegas would be the cream of the crop. 

All in all, I suppose the place accomplishes what it sets out to accomplish, and it was definitely a memorable experience (i.e. buxom waitresses hopping up and down singing happy birthday to my friend)...but Vegas definitely (and obviously) has better dining options to offer. 

And there's a whole Hooters hotel?? Craaazy.
Don't bother going to this Hooters for the food. Only go if you are going for the whole "Delightfully Tacky" theme and even then the dealers in the casino are way better looking then the servers. So  I guess save your money for gambling and wait until midnight to eat 25 cent Hooters wings at Dan Marino's.
I stood at this hotel last year on new years day..I needed a cheap roof after spending a gazzilion dollars for a few days at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.

I really can't complain, it had clean bed, clean walls, clean floors. I took a nap as soon as I got in (2pm) woke up to the sweet aroma of my favorite food in the world...hooters chicken wings...so what If I was on the 11th floor. 

Basically I like to refer this hotel to friends by calling it a glorified Super 8.  The location is great right behind the Tropicana and across the street (and kinda behind) the MGM Grand, legitly a maybe 5 min walk from the strip.

I paid $25 for the night I stood, but honestly wouldn't pay more than $50 since I know how cheap it can be.
I've never been to Hooters the restaurant nor am I the Hooter-type, but my bf and I stayed here for a weekend because we were trying to find the most bang for our buck and we definitely found it here.

Good:
-Two nights for $100
-We had a bungalow room reserved but they gave us tower room without us even asking 
-Clean rooms, nothing fancy but also nothing gross to complain about. Although, the walls are kind of thin, we woke up to some girl yelling at her bf the next room over. Kind of amusing but not at 3 in the morning. 
-Small hotel which means less walking to and from the garage and our room, woohoo!
-Not smoky! I hate walking through the big casinos and having my eyes sting afterwards because of all the smoke. This can possibly mean no one likes to gamble at Hooters but hey it worked out for me!
-Close to airport and freeway (we had a car). Probably not the most convenient place to stay if you don't have a car since it's at the end of the strip unless you love to walk.

Bad:
-Elevators to garage are old and in desperate need of repair, be sure to hold on
-Late check in. We came around 11AM and they told us we could check in at 4PM. Luckily we called back and they were able to get us a room earlier.

That's about all the bad stuff i could think of. It really wasn't a bad place to stay except for brief moment of embarrassment you might have to endure when people ask you where you're staying. And possibly also when you want to tell people what a good experience you had for the price paid but don't want to further embarrass yourself.
Room was better than I expected given all of the rave reviews on yelp ! The room was clean and what can you expect for 35 bucks per night . Plus, when in Vegas you are not supposed to live in your room. "Change clothes then go"
Its ok compared to the restaurants in Socal. the service is average. but i don't know if its just me but it seems like the wings taste different.
This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
Half of a star because this hotel is a dump. Half of a star because the hotel rooms come with that Hooter's orange colored lampshades, and that is kinda cool. Another star because I looked down from our window and saw that the hotel's pool had a waterfall and a big sandbox area. HAHA.

Part of me wants to give this place the benefit of the doubt because we did, in fact, cram 12 people into one standard hotel room. That's right, 4 people in the two beds, 8 people on the floor. The second night, two of our friends got a seperate room and said it was a million times better and cleaner. It might have been the lack of 10 other smelly drunk people around.

The room:
- The toilet broke the very first time it was used.

- On the back of our door, written in permanent marker read "I'M WATCHING YOU :)"  uh.

- Mysterious basketball-sized red stain in the corner of the room.

- They actually have a little ad thing on the dresser between the beds that starts out in big print, "Do you REALLY need clean sheets.....?" followed by a description about how you shouldn't request to have clean sheets unless you really, really need them. As if any hotel's sheets aren't disgusting and questionable enough, the classy establishment that is Hooters is asking me to drunkenly pass out on some previously sexed-up vomit bed? Pass. (I ended up doing it anyway)

-NO HOOTERS STATIONARY. Wtf am I supposed to steal for a souvenier? I just want a Hooters pen, god.

The actual hotel:
- The elevator is the scariest elevator I've ever been on. And smells of burning rubber. And sounds like you're about to die. Squeeling elevator noises and shaking = bad.

- I got so lost just trying to get the fuck out of there and onto the strip.

- I didn't eat at the restaurant, but some of our friends did and said it was disgusting (coming from growing young dudes who will eat anything)

- The Hooters girls don't have hooters. I'm a girl and even I was a little appauled by this. They're just right-outta-high-school uggos that need a job. Lame. Have some dignity and get a boob job.

-Really creepy old men everywhere. Like, EVERYWHERE.

So yeah. No thanks, Hooters. No thanks.
Woohoo! number 200!!! Oh wait, why am I wasting such a special review on such a lame, horrible place. IDK! I'll get to the rest of the building in the next one, but this particular hooters within the hooters hotel and casino was no doubt the worst I've ever been to.Hooters is self-proclaimed to be tacky anyway, but we wanted some wings and some of our friends wanted some entertainment as we deprived them of strip clubs for the entire trip. We settled on this place, for the moment anyway.  Most of the waittresses were busted. No not busty, at all, but busted as in not attractive in any way. Not a problem for me as I was with the wifey, but some of our friends were pretty disappointed that they couldn't enjoy the experience. My wife's logic? All of the better looking and put together women were probably workin in strip clubs or as escorts, so the other girls clean up on the small potatoes that is hooters. In any case, beyond the exteriors, our waitress was extremely inattentive and didn't even write her name on when she came to the table as I hear is customary at these establishments. She finally came to take our drink order and then disappeared. She brought some other tables drinks but she took so long to bring us our drinks that we got hungry enough to up and leave. We figured, for the price, we should be getting either an experience or great service or both. Since we were getting neither and had not yet received anything from them, not even water, we left. I will say though that this was one of the more diverse hooters that I've been to. I noticed two black girls working there and an Asian girl as well. Nevertheless, In N Out here we come!!!
Hmmm, how to start this one off. Nasty, dirty, smelly, sleazy, grimy, ugly, depressing,..Not sure. Did I mention dirty? I'll start with that. We could tell from the tiny garage that this place was not frequented for a reason. It is just the epitome of sleaziness. But it's not even up to sleazy Vegas standards. In fact, I'll go ahead and say it, this place should be on the lower end of Fremont st. We got in the elevator and a friend had to hold her nose and breath into her hand so she didn't throw up. And this was on the way to get some of their "world famous chicken wings". Needless to say, we never got those wings (see previous review of restaurant). This place was so depressing and just drained our spirits. We had to escape. There is a reason they are off the strip and nobody goes there. Just stay away. For the price there are so much better things. BTW, In N Out down past UNLV or in the other direction across the 15!
I didn't stay here, so this review is only for the casino.

2 things to say:

1) Young annoying drunk college crowd
2) How you gonna advertise all over for the $3 black jack tables and then only 1 MAYBE 2 tables??? And of course the tables are so full and people are waiting... we left and went to Tropicana.
The one downside to our Vegas trip....Hooters Casino/Hotel/shithole.  Okay, I admittedly like Hooters, and given the pricing and the fact that everyone coming from out of town for our best friends wedding was staying here we thought, why not?

oh boy, where do I start....the restaurant. We met everyone here the first night we got in.  I have eaten at Hooters before and have ALWAYS had good service, maybe I'm spoiled. The girls always smile, sit, etc....forget it here. The service sucks big time...she seemed bothered by us, which made us all want to agitate her more.  I must have asked for our drinks three times before i went up and got them myself (she was too busy chatting with another lame waitress and therefore to busy to actually wait on people) LAMMMMMMEEEE Food arrived and it was so-so, nothing like what we have eaten at the Dublin Hooters. 

Rooms: shitty, period.  The bathrooms sucked and were so old and outdated, it was comical. didnt smell like smoke, which was the only plus.  I am never staying here again, even if it was offered for free LOL
gotta love their chicken wings. Mmmmm!!! going to this hooters your going to have to wait in line, but no problem for me, probably be waiting for less than 20 min. The servers that we have been getting, have been attentive and nice. Get's kinda loud here, but's it's all in the fun of sports, drinking, and chicken wings! The original and spicy are my favorite.
Before you book a room here, get it out of your mind, this hotel is not the playboy club. This is a cheap place to crash for a few days on the Vegas strip.

That being said, I find my buddy on facebook and we decide we should meet somewhere crazy. He suggested Vegas, I told him I'll book the hotel.

I'm booking this place laughing on the inside picturing us betting with Hooters girls saying "Hit Me Honey" in my best Andrew Dice Clay voice.

In reality, there were some hooters girls in uniform as well as guy dealers.

After we checked in, we decided to go downstairs and have a few drinks. Hooters gives you a coupon book with two for one drinks. I get the party started with Patron shots.**The beers and drinks are cheaper here than other hotels.

Now this is for the guys reading this review. Whadda think your going to do at this place, meet girls? Guess again, your eating and drinking with mostly DUDES.

This place is good for .25 cent wings after 12:00 and the regular Hooters restaurant is open 24/7. We ate at Dan Marinos for Breakfast, another nice place. We had a few laughs here and we did have fun drinking with all the guys we met poolside. This place is like a ongoing frat house if I had to sum it up. Beers by the poolside were flowing as well as laughing with guys from all over the country.

They also give you a $100 bucks in slot credits. They put $100 bucks in a $5 machine and the max bet is 10 bucks. If you hit the jackpot, you win. If you win anything else, you get nada.

I'm giving it 3 stars. I woke up Saturday morning, played blackjack with a nice bloody mary. Yes, its a little rough around the edges, I wouldn't take my wife here but to meet some old buddys? I couldn't think of anywhere else..

NYBULLY
On my way to Vegas there where bulletin boards advertising free hot wings and $100 free slot play with membership of their club. So I was like why not. I haven't been and I heard it was a nice casino and hotel. The casino was nice with hardwood floors like their restaurants and a nice change from the usual tacky carpet print. But the casino is small. And the hot wings are not free. It's only free after 12am-6am. Talk about false advertisement. I played for free and left because if I was gonna eat hot wings from hooters and pay for them I might as well eat them at home.
Ghetto ass casino.  I popped in $5 into the penny machine and won $12.90.  When cashing out, I had to wait for an attendant to come give me my money instead of just getting a voucher like the other casinos.  This took forever and is so not worth my time.  

The only reason they get two stars is the cocktail waitress was really nice and attentive to us.  Other than that and the $.25 wings at their after hours restaurant, I'd never come here.
Everyone always things "Oh hooters, great wings" among other things (hehe). There wings are frickin' AWFUL! Breaded wings, I think you would be better off soaking a bunch of bread crumbs in wing sauce and call it a day. Our waitress acted like she was afraid of us and look I'm sure there are allot of disrespectful brutish men in the world that she has to deal with but my friends are super nice and she barely provided us with a poor excuse for service! Don't go here unless you just want to ogle women...seriously.
I have never stayed here... Just played and eaten.

Gambling - Cheap table limits.  Fun to play a few hands of blackjack for like $3.

Food - $.25 wings from Midnight until 6 AM... need I say more.  For nothing else I recommend cruising over here for a late night snack.  You won't regret it.
Ok - this place is what it is.  It's a hotel/casino version of the restaurant chain. It's low class, it trends just toward the wrong side of red neck (although if you're looking for your fill of mullets this is your place!) and it's a lot of fun. They don't try to pretend to be anything they're not. And that's what makes this place perfect.

The casino is tiny. The limits are very low. The dealers (generally) are a lot of fun. The cocktail waitresses are always on their game - I don't think I've ever gone more than 20 minutes in this place without being offered a(nother) drink. The rooms are cheap and clean - not overly comfortable, but when you're collapsing into bed at 4a (or later) who really cares?

When it's a boys trip to Vegas we always stay here. And even if we're staying somewhere else, chances are we're spending the bulk of our time here.
It was late and we were out wandering the casinos.  Decided to walk from the Tropicana to Hooters just to see what it was all about.  Wow it was really lame.  A very small casino with a few tables, slots, restaurants and I guess a club.  We were in and out in about 5 minutes.  The place was dead.  Doubt I would ever return.
I dont know if its me or what. but ever since ive been going to hooters its been getting worse everytime. this place started cool. nothing says breakfast like wings an beer. the waitress here was as cool as can be, then bam!! where the heel did she go. did not see her for almost 20 minutes. then when she came back with our drinks, they were watered down. 

              I usually go to the hooters in long beach, those are some great girls overthere. these chicks werent even good at serving. our order came in wrong. we were missing food. just not good service.not going back again.
Don't bother coming here.  They advertise that if you sign up, you get $50 slot play.  Well, it's 'fake' because you have to play at their designated slots and only when you hit a certain points that you actually get something.  

It was a total waste of time and the slots here suck.  I can't think of any reason you'd want to come here unless you were stupid to be sucked in by the 'false' advertising like I did.  Don't say I didn't warn you!
just spent 4 nites here for only $17 per nite. july/august are vegas' slow time(good time for deals). staff never screwed anything up, customers are hotter than staff. gym/pools awesome. this place is fun fun fun. i feel like Al Bundy on a great man-cation. i give it 4 & 1/2 stars
I'd say this place is a notch above the ghetto fabulousness of Circus Circus, but at least they have some incredibly fun, albeit cheesy, games to keep you entertained. All this place has got are some plain Jane girls in orange leggings and a Dan Marino Grill. The much-promoted $3 blackjack table is literally ONE table on the floor. Unsurprisingly, it's also the most crowded spot in the joint, so good luck pulling up a seat. I sat at the video poker machines and dropped $70 in about 20 min and the goddamn waitress didn't come by once to keep my blood alcohol level high enough to not start getting pissy about my losses. That fact alone will keep me out of here for a long time. 

One marginal positive note is that they have $0.25 wings from 12am-6am, although if you've ever eaten wings from Hooters you know that means you'll probably spend only a couple bucks to get high cholesterol, the caloric equivalent of 5 Whoppers and a long bout of diarrhea. If you call that a deal, well... have at it.
Last time I was very disappointed.

This time....the food was actually delicious and my waitress was on her toes and was a sweetheart with a nice rack. 

Only downfall if you have a minor with you..you have to wait to sit in a special section because there is gaming inside the restaurant.
Loved it loved it loved it!

I know, Hooter's?  Who stays at Hooter's?  I did for a week and I fell in love with the place. First of all, there is a 24 hour pool. And most importantly, the people at the pool were not pretentious or snooty at all. I met some really cool people there that just wanted to have fun.  That doesn't happen in Vegas very often, so we took advantage of the 24hrs!  2nd, the hotel room rates are cheap during the week. 4 nights for 83 dollars! When I booked it, I was so scared that it would be a run down hotel and would be dirty.  I was wrong. It was clean and the hotel room was bright and cheery. 3rd, 25 cents buffalo wings from 12-6am!  Could you ask for anymore? 4th, they played great music at the pool.

I am not much of a gambler, in fact, I didn't gamble at all. But if you want a cool place to hang out, don't hesitate!
So maybe 1 star is a little harsh, and only for the casino,  But I didn't see a single thing here that would make me want to come back,  much less even stay here.  The casino was fairly small, and the ventilation was pretty poor compared to the other casinos on the strip (which is also why I avoid Fremont st).

The dealers were in normal Hooters garb, nothing too exciting.  A couple friends took advantage of the single deck black jack table and were all in a pretty sour mood by the time they were done.  The dealer had these ridiculous specific rules to follow, from how to hit (can only do it with you cards) to how you're supposed to tap the table, to not allowing you to really talk with other people at the table.

REALLY NOW?

Not worth it.  The vibe was oppressing and the dealers were irritating.  Definitely won't waste my time coming back here my next time in Vegas.
Love love love love love this place!

Super casual, no fuss no muss kinda place! I love that for Vegas....I've done the whole stay and a super duper nice Hotel pay lots of $ for what? A  room that I don't really see much, but to sleeping, and go get ready. Love the 25 cent chicken wing promo =]

My only complaint is the Hooters girls when I was there were NOT HOT! I guess I just assumed Vegas Hooters girls would be drop dead gorgeous...for what it's worth you get what you pay for and if you wanna stay somewhere laid back, casual and cheap...this is the place for you!
I would only come back here to play their $100 slot promotion,(they give you $100 to play at their special slot machines) but other than that.. this place is trash! This was the old Hotel San Remo and I personally liked that better than Hooters! I only saw ONE cute girl that worked there who gave me a drink and said,"Thanks baby!" LOL!... Wouldn't they hire cuter girls?!?? Not impressed. Plus, it's far from the strip. (Didn't stay here, just gambled)
Avoid this place like the plague!  I realize that most people dont go to Vegas to spend time in a hotel, but eventually you gotta crash somewhere.  Sleep in your car if you have to!!!

*  Walk into the casino to check in and the smell will overcome you.
*  SLOOOOOOW check in.  There is a sign that says guaranteed same day check in.  I was beginning to question that.
*  The carpet of the hallways of the bay tower are in dire need of cleaning... last time must have been sometime during the Clinton administration.
*  The room was large.  The decor was minimal but included a cracked lampshade.  It went hand in hand with the cheap pine accents  and the dusty potted plant in the room.
*  I have no idea who their soap and shampoo vendor are but I suspect it is a bug pesticide company given the smell from both.
*  The carpet in the room was gross.  It must have been last cleaned during Bush Seniors administration.
*  The door would would not lock.
*  The sliding glass door was open and allowed the smell of fried chicken come into the room very strongly.  The bonus to this was it masked the musty odor of the room, well... at first.

The good part.... the a/c blew COLD (as it should) and driving out of the parking garage upon checkout.

Bottom line... if your gonna stay off the strip, try the bargain hotel next door with a big 6 on it... atleast those places are clean!
Yeah, this place is a friggin joke, 
I live hear here and it was nasty, the pool was green and smelled like sulfar, there was used limes on the pool deck with other food items strewen threw out the pool area, our room was dusty and the bathroom shower curtain was moldy, I guess there was no expense spaired or mybe every exspense was speaired because it shure wasn't here!!  0.0 stars!!!!
Ok - so I had fun here.  If you were there late Thursday night, you probably heard us hooting and hollering from all ends of the casino every time we got a bonus round...

We found out later that the cocktail servers will bring you WINGS along with your drinks (at least, someone told us - your mileage may vary).  This is for SURE a destination next time we get to Vegas.  I'll take the money I save on the dinner and pump it into the slots. :)

Don't think I'd ever stay here after seeing the reviews here (though I could probably be convinced to slum it if the deal was good enough), but I'm already looking forward to returning, drinking way too much whiskey, shouting "winner winner fishy dinner" over and over when I hit the bonus, and having the staff and cleaning crew cheering us on...
Hooters hotel and casino may have many downsides but what rises above all is is that it is cheap!

The room wasn't anything special the casino was small compared to the other nicer bigger casinos I went into. But for a cheap hotel that's located across the street from the MGM grand it is definitely worth it. 

25 cent chicken wings after 12am sealed the deal for me

I wouldn't take a lady but for a sausage fest its good
Room was nice size, half the lights in the room didnt work.  $12.95 a day to use internet, sink and bathtub were plugged.  We had to get an engineer to snake them both.  The bed was not too comfy, when you laid on it the foot of the bed wanted to pop up.  Super cute waitress's but most of them took forever and a day to get you drinks.  I think next time i'll just pony up another $20 a night and stay in a nice hotel.
This place is a Dump and closing its doors forever is imminent.
I was in Vegas recently on business at a trade show. Saw some buddies that I used to interface and partner with, and so we decided to go out and eat and catch up. 

Let's see, you are in Las Vegas, on business, and of all the choices, where would you want to go? Since their company is very cheap, they have a very small expense allowance. And since their company definitely has a macho-like personality, sort of a frat brothers, locker room personna, they chose Hooters!

I said "Are you kidding me?" I suggested going to Chinatown and getting some good, inexpensive food, like Thai, Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, and I had a car to take them all out there. But since it was 3 of them versus just me, it was Hooters.

Hooters Hotel and Casino is exactly like their restaurants. Girls in white Tees and little orange gym shorts. You would think that here in Vegas, this would be their flagship location and they would upscale it in decor, amenities, and staffing. 

Nope. 

Even though it is a hotel and Casino, it has the same look and feel of their restaurants. What do they call themselves? Tacky? They got that right.

Plus, Hooters has awful food. Deep fried, tasteless, unimaginative. It's food you might find in Talledega at the NASCAR races in the picnic coolers of the baseball cap wearing HVAC and Cable repair men. Only warmed up a bit. 

In Vegas, with all the beautiful women working here in the various service venues of shows, casinos, gentelmen's clubs, etc., Hooters has got to be the bottom of the barrel. The "talent" here is just above 7 Eleven, just wearing less. That makes the food that much more indigestible.
My friends and I were staying at the NY-NY hotel on a bachelor party, so we figured that, if the Hooters casino is anything like the restaurant, it's a must-go.

Granted, we did stop in there on a Friday afternoon, but I must say that we were very, very disappointed in the casino and the quality of 'merchandise' there.

The girl bartenders and cocktail waitresses were absolutely nothing to get excited about. I'm a (relatively) in-shape guy, and I'm pretty sure I had bigger boobs than a lot of the girls that worked there. Considering that this place is called "Hooters," that is some of the worst false-advertising I've ever seen. 

They also have a large sign outside that reads "$3 Blackjack 24/7" - we scoured the entire casino floor and didn't see one table with said $3 blackjack anywhere. 

We went in the casino with the intention of gambling a little and "taking in the sights," but we ended up made a lap around the place and leaving within 30 minutes.

Not a fan.
Hooters needs to fly in the hot ones from there other locations cause they are NOT here !!   One or two out of 20 deserve the hooters outfit .   But hey it's Vegas !!!   Have alot to drink and they will all look good.  Sorry girls but you would never get the job at any other location so enjoy Vegas..
For the price you can't beat it.  I have stayed here for $20 before .   Last night haloween I paid $79 and tonight &  tomorrow $34 .   It a clean comfortable room for the price.    There is really no cute staff except the front desk and maybe 1 dealer but who cares hot girls are all over this town.   I have stayed in many hotels here and paid $200-300 per night and relize you are not in the room that much.  

Save the $$.  And go see a show or hey come Back with the $$. You save
Some harsh reviews here, but for $20 I don't expect too much.

We stayed here Wednesday after a night at Joshua Tree.  The slots were not too tight and I managed to win about $100 on $.25 slots.  The complimetary White Russians were available no matter how cheap the games we played.

The room was a bit crumby, but again, I was not expecting much.  Dan Marino's restaurant (see review) was good.  Staff was friendly.  Overall a good experience, especially considering the price.
Apparently, the Hooters Hotel has 24-hour $3 blackjack tables. I mean, there are banners posted against the building outside, there are signs above the slot machines...The Hooters Hotel is supposed to have 24-hour $3 blackjack tables.

My friend and I walked into the Hooters Hotel.
We looked for these $3 blackjack tables.
We circled the casino three times.

THERE WERE NO $3 BLACKJACK TABLES.

One star for false promotions. 
(I was looking forward to cheap gambling too!)
So I feel a bit bad for giving a 1 Star - think of it as a 1.5.  I just doubt I will ever recommend it or go again.  They where having a big gambling promotion to get customers in but the restrictions where so, well, restrictive I ended up not even being able to figure out how to take advantage of it.  Actually walked down to Hooters and tried twice plus attempted to eat there.  

Positives:
Since I didn't actually partake take this with a grain of salt - cheap gambling, hotel rooms, food & drinks.

Negatives:
Somewhat disinterested staff, had to ask three different people for help before actually getting any.
Parking lot right out the front door (which foot traffic has to cross to get in) was beyond stinky - dont think I set my bar that high either on that.
They have two eating establishments, one casual and one restaurant style.  The "casual" one was shut down and the "restaurant" one had a 45 minute wait.  Let me be clear, there where two people waiting in line ahead of us and it was a 45 minute wait.  
The supposed promotional gambling deal they had going on took 15 minutes to locate and the place isn't big, then it ends up that it is roped off and you have to sign a list to utilize it.  The rest of the slots and tables had about 3 people on them.

I really wanted to give them a chance because they didn't pick a good spot to place themselves but I just couldn't cut them any slack.  SInce I didn't stay in the hotel portion cant rate that but the rest blew.
Some of my friends laughed and others scoffed at the fact that I had booked accommodations at the Hooters Casino Hotel for my Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon weekend in Las Vegas.

It wasn't as bad as everybody told me it would be, and considering I booked many months in advance and found Expedia rates ranging from $45 to $55 a night for a room in the Tower building I wouldn't hesitate to go back.  For the race the "off the Strip" location was perfect as it was a comfortable fifteen minute walk to the start / finish area on race day.

My room was okay since I only spent time there to sleep and to yelp.  With the exception of parts of the carpet the room was fairly clean too.  I wore white socks in the room and each night my white socks turned either light gray or charcoal colored depending on how much walking I did in the room.

Here were some of the cool things about my room:

*The queen size bed was firm and comfortable (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=iHWbOO5Jzfh31dVthmiB6Q).
*Standard sized television (no flat screen) had crisp cable broadcasting.
*Comfortable desk had a brand new issue of the latest Hooters magazine (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=96qyqd-PoYisLKTjPUswuA).
*There is a digital room safe just in case you decide to go out for a 13 or 26 mile run (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=BZMBwl3J5Y6vylsT0c-hBA).
*Clean bathroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=dPRiakqkf2jm4_1Tyw-Iww).
*Basic amenities (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=yqsvK9WYxf_OtSIjZUBXIA).
*Free bottled water (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=S4pY5Ebf2pSWPyP59WTvmQ).  Runners love water!!
*Two fake palms in the room look great without the flying insects (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=YBp_3-oEiKi-ayVqcVDe_w).
*Amusing privacy door signs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=toTBsd8WeZhsSMAEALOiOQ).

Of course there's always bad things that makes it a 3 star review:

*The comforter was lumpy.
*No free internet.  No problem as I brought a wireless card this time.
*The deadbolt kept slamming into the door jamb.  I had to whip out my Leatherman and do a repair job for them.  The deadbolt works perfectly now.  You're welcome!!
*Noisy pipes and the water pressure in the water closet was horrible.
*Toilet tissue holder was too short and the spool would come loose and fall on the floor every time the tissue was in use.
*Thin walls.  I heard every foul-mouthed conversation my neighbors had, but I heard every intimate one too!
*Horrible, lazy housekeeping staff!  I did a better job cleaning up after myself!
*Incompetent and slow check-in process.  The lady kept mispronouncing my last name.  How do you fuck up my last name?  It's three letters and the second and third letters are the same vowel.  Dummy!

I didn't take advantage of the slot playing amenity that came with the room.  The casino downstairs is very small.  Like I said, if I could find these rates again I would return.  If not, don't bother!
I stayed here for 4 nights during Halloween this year and it was a pretty good experience. We arrived on Thursday afternoon and while Hooter's doesn't have their own shuttle, the airport has shuttles going anywhere on the strip for a fair price (I think mine was $12 round trip). We checked in and the guy at the front desk was really nice. I told him we were there celebrating my birthday and he upgraded us to a tower room on the 18th floor! Very cool, especially since it seemed like there we a lot of people there already.

The room itself was pretty standard. I kind of felt like I had gone back in time though. The room screamed 1976, but then again, you need to remember what hotel you're in. One thing I wasn't crazy about was that they had this great vanity area for getting ready, but someone forgot to put outlets near them... Everything was clean, but the beds had this comforter thing made out of funny material and it was that and the sheets on the bed. I thought about calling down to see if I could get a normal blanket, but decided it wasn't a big deal. 

The casino is somewhat small, but the slots are kind of loose. My first day there I won $150 on slots alone. They advertise 24/7 $3 Blackjack, but I never saw any tables. 

The walk to the strip was about 10 minutes from our room to the front of the MGM. Not too bad, but don't forget anything at your hotel because it sucks to walk back. I spent more on cabs than I wanted to, but if you think about it, Hooters pretty much paid for them with the money I won.

I don't know if I would stay here again. I think I really would have had a better time if I was on the strip. I might stop by the slots here next time I'm in Vegas though.
Hooter's attracts a unique mix of people. In the hotel, many young teens are found throwing parties in their rooms, while in the casino area, many middle aged sleazy men are found oogling at waitresses. 

The hotel was  clean, but the pool looked a bit gross.  Thus, I would not want to stay at hooters for an extended period of time, but it serves as a cheap place to crash after a night out on the strip.
"You get what you pay for"

If only that were the truth.

Let's see....  We got there and:
1) The elevator from the parking structure is out - so we hoof it from the 4th floor all the way to reception with our bags in tow.  

2)We got booked into a smoking room when we specifically asked for a non-smoking room

3)We got transferred to a non-smoking room (after a few hours) with a view of the Airport.... well, there would have been a view if the windows weren't so damned grimy

4)Uncomfortable Bed

5)Tube TV that kept cutting out every few minutes, which wouldn't have been bad on its own, but the batteries on the remote were dead.. HAH!

Okay, at 25 bucks a night, I might have agreed that we got what we paid for and it might have been a So-so 2.5 to three stars.  MAYBE.

But when you tack on an additional UNDISCLOSED $15/day "Resort Fee"  (What resort? it was 40 freakin Degrees out!), No Wi-Fi AND $15/day wired internet fee??  ....

Umm... Yeah ... 1.5 stars and I'm not even going to round it up to two.


PROTIP: Hooters appears to be where failed Import model wannabes with bad boob jobs go to die. - Enjoy.
Stayed here again for 2 nights, paid $30 for a Thursday night and got the second night free via Expedia.
Best deal in town, for that price anyway.
The rooms are clean and comfy and not small at all. Casino is very small but what the hell do you care when you can be @ MGM in 5 minutes - and that is walking from casino door to casino door.
I would stay there here in a heartbeat if I found an amazing deal like that again.
The ONLY reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because I researched a bit before the man and I decided on it, knowing full well what we were getting into.  Otherwise, it is a 2 star, if that.  To those who are complaining here...SUCKERS!  The internet can be used for things other than porn...and Yelp.  Moving on...

The man and I had an impromptu "let's get the hell out of Dodge" moment and we seized it.  We stayed here Tues, December 29 - Thursday, December 31.  We picked this place because it was cheap and close to the Strip (even though Downtown is better).    Based on the reviews, we were willing to risk some things.  So here is the summary:

* Yes, we did witness the parking garage elevator not working.  But it was only once out of 4 times using it and we were not hauling our bags in or out, so we were fine with walking 4 flights of stairs to the car.  To the poor ladies hauling out kids, bags and strollers....sorry.

*The bed was stiff as a board.  I can handle firm, but there was no bounce to this bed at all. 

*The plumbing system is old, but works.  Slow drain sink, slow flush toilet.  

*Our room was not dirty, just dated.

* We got hot water all the time, just fine.  I even took a shower around 11:00 a.m. and there was still plenty of water.

*Our room was missing the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign, which we only learned about when we heard the maids coming around and we needed to act on it.  I went to get one from the maids, but they did not have one.  I ran into one downstairs and she did not have one.  Another employee told me I had to get one from reception, so fine.  I asked for one and was told she would call someone to bring it up.  Totally inefficient and it does not make me happy when I have a hangover.

As for the casino...

*The free $100 slot play promotion is definitely one of those "too good to be true" things.  After you sign up for the lame Player's Club (I lost my card somewhere in the casino), you get a voucher and you walk into a roped off area.  An employee will insert a $100 bill into one machine that you choose.  They are $5 slot machines and you have to play the max (so $10 a pull).  If you are lucky enough to get to 1700 credits, you get $50.  Other than that, you are screwed.  Total lameness.

*Takes the cocktail waitresses FOREVER to bring you a drink.  I hate getting sober when I am waiting to get hammered.  

*Beware of the slow dealers that come on shift at 2:00 a.m. -- they may put you to sleep.

Overall, take heed of the reviews and make the decision yourself.  Will we stay here again?  Probably not.  But we do not think we made a bad decision since we went into it informed.
I'm pretty bias when it comes to eating at this popular chain.  Seems it doesn't take much to make me happy inside a Hooters restaurant.  Since I was staying in the hotel you would kind of figure that at least one of my meals would be at the Hooters restaurant.  I had lunch at this Hooters on the day of my departure.

Seated immediately near the front entrance I was in a perfect spot to view some very nice eye candy.  Most of the ladies smile as they walk by here.  It made me happy too!  My waitress was a nice German girl (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=RAW5jfLOBzpLhYENbeiHbw).  She was very friendly, and I loved her accent, but she was an excellent waitress also.  Despite how busy this place is during a weekday lunch rush she came by three or four times to make sure everything was okay and I had enough food and drink.

I had a single order of ten wings, medium spicy and unbreaded (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=DYflGlGsO2mPs7T35u7a9g).  I also had an order of seasoned curley fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=UFYn0PR07eWLb0UUEaigEA).  The wings were excellent, but the fries could have had a bit more zest.  No complaints from me though.  I love all Hooters restaurants!
Decided to check out the Hooters Restaurant to have a few beers and wings and watch some college football.  Located inside the Hooters hotel, it's located in the very back of the first floor of the casino.

The restaurant has that familiar wood paneling look with plenty of TVs all around to check out the game.  We got here around 3ish so we had no problems getting seats.  We got our menu and it's your typical bar and grill items here, so we're talking about burgers, sandwiches, strip steaks, chicken, and of course their most popular food item, Wings.

We decided to get a couple rounds of beer and also some wings and their chili cheese fries.  The service was a bit slow, but when we got our food I have to say they were generous.  The wings were pretty big and we got a big pile of chili cheese fries.

I don't know how they cook their wings, but have to say I always thought Hooters had some of the best wings out there and this has lived up to it's reputation.  Nice juicy wings with a crispy out side.  The fries here were also very good.  Plenty of chili with nice chunks of meat with a ton of cheese just made for good greasy junk food to watch college football.

The eye candy here wasn't quite what we were hoping for.  When you think of Vegas and Hooters, you have a certain image in your mind.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations we were hoping for.  But no matter, the food and the college football games were still good.

As to ratings, to be honest, the Las Vegas Hooters is really no different than any other Hooters I've been too.  I wasn't expecting the Sapphire or something, but was hoping for just a little bit more "Las Vegas" to it.  Overall, the food hit the spot and the wings were good but honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to coming here when you will get the same experience at any other Hooters restaurant across the country.  Overall, just average and a 3 star rating.
We came here to eat probably around 1:00am on New Year's after the fireworks since we were hungry.  But all they had available was their breakfast buffet.  It was mediocre at best.  But i got their wings and they were super spicy... I've had their wings at other Hooters and they weren't this terrible.   All of the other food was terrible too. 

However, the memory is a bit fuzzy since it was New Year's
We squished 8 girls into a room for three nights and we only paid 10 bucks each. BAHAHAHA WE HAVE NO SHAME.

Anyways, it's a gross place. Every time we'd go out in our "clubbing" gear, we'd get so many eyes staring at us. Creepers, perves, discerning eyes, ALL KINDS. Man oh man, I wasn't even drunk yet and it felt like the walk of shameeee.

Nothing here really blew my mind. Not even the bewbs.
You may as well hang out in a horse trailer at the Rodeo.... No offense to the rodeo goers but this place is Horse S#@t. They try to get you in with the "$100 Free Slot Play" Which is a total Joke, you get a voucher and you go to the designated machines that are $5 a credit and you have to bet max credits and it is Jackpot or nothing. SO 4 minutes in your $100 is gone and you are on your way. The atmosphere sucks, I really felt like i was in a Very Very bad Kareoke Bar in the south or something. The Security Guard kept giving me the stink eye because I handed some cash to my wife and she walked off.... My questions is this, We are in a casino right? Why is there a need to follow me around with that " what you talkin bout Willis"  Look on your face like i just handed over drug money, YOU WORK IN A CASINO... People use money there. Overall this place is HORRIBLE!!!
I only reccommend going here after midnight because the wings are 25 cents each! 

You cannot go wrong with that, but expect to wait at least 30 minutes. Yeah, it sounds like a long time, but if you're drunk enough and you can send someone to put your name on the list, it is definitely worth it.
The rooms were not bad, nicer than I had expected.  

Their was a mob of young dorks at the pool at all times.  

Its hooters, so if your wearing slutty clothes, ladies, you will get stares.  Someone hit on my wife right in front of me.  

But really its hooters, you can't really star it down for being shady.  

All in all, nothing special, but okay.
So the first time I stayed here I was impressed with the rooms being clean and spacious. But when I decided to go back a second time, it was disappointing. The rooms were dirty and run down, which I was surprised because it had only been a year since our first visit. I sent an email to the corporate offices expressing a bit of disappointment and never received a response.
The parking garage is an omen to the rest of the hotel & casino; bad.  Now, don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the old school properties like Golden Nugget & 4 Queens.  They offer a classic old school Vegas feel and usually have excellent deals on food, entertainment.  Alas, Hooters is basically like taking all the bad qualities of a downtown hotel and putting on the strip.
So i'll keep this review short and sweet, The wings I got were not very good at all, I wanted spicy wings and they were far from that.  Now get this, My WIFE was very upset and shocked at the fact the girls there were not very "hot".  She did make a good point that when a servers lower stomach is hanging out her shirt, perhaps it's time to fire her.  Please realize i said, "hanging" out her shirt, not showing.  Not trying to be rude here, just really wasn't what we both thought it would be.  It was out first time at a Hooters mind you.
Ick! What was I thinking ordering a salad at a Hooters? Fried pickles were decent...

Girls are cuter in the Midwest Hooters, seriously..I was sort of surprised! Blonde hostess was rude and was probably just angry because she has to wear the silly outfit and was surrounded by a billion rugby players. Sorry, get over it.

Heard the rooms were hideous. Pool looked okay at night.

Lost $40 on roulette but it was a fun table and great dealers!
Let's just keep in mind that Hooter's has to hire all types of body types to appeal to all types of guys. When I was there, I hadn't seen any girl that wasn't in shape. Our waitress was very nice, and quick with the refills, which is a big deal to me. I got their spicy chicken strips, I thought they were pretty good. I got hot, and they could have been hotter but I enjoyed them. The prices are very decent. I will go here again.
4 stars for the 25 wings at five in the morning.
My first visit to a Hooters restaurant, and I wasn't disappointed. 

Had a Hooters burger which was pretty juicy and flavorful. Fries were decent too. 

We had a good table to sit at, right near the entrance, so we could see the Hooters girls standing around, talking to each other rather than being a little more prompt on their service, which was a little on the side of inattentive. We were there around 11am in the morning, so there was no reason for there to be a lack of energy, but definitely they seemed more interested in their personal conversations. The view of the casino floor was pretty good from the table as well, and there was a TV directly over (and not the easiest to see, so I was watching the ones at the bar) the table too, so there was at least plenty of things to look at while enjoying the meal . 

My over all opinion would be that for the burger alone, the restaurant is worth coming back to.
First of all.. you get what you pay for. I got a room for 3 nights for about $130

I've stayed here about 4 different times and it always delivers.

-OK rooms.
-Not bad service. Ive never had any problems.
-The food is ok, of course
-Stay here during the summer and the pool is fun. BBQ and not that crowded.
- The pool is real close to the elevators so you dont have to take that huge walk through the casino/lobby like other casinos. 
- People go there to party, so its just that. Not so much a family place.
- And most of all the location is just the best for its price.
In Vegas?
Spent up most of your money?
Club is over and hangover is coming?

Go ahead and visit The Hooters Casino Hotel!

The Hooters Casino is literally a giant hooters restaurant with hotel rooms upstairs.  From 2am-6am Hooters is the most affordable thing to do in Vegas.  Although this isn't the best hotel or best Hooters for that matter, it is an alternative when there is simply nothing left to do and you have that last lonely $20 in your pocket. 

$3 BlackJack and .25 Cent Day Old Wings! 

Let's see you beat that deal!
If you're looking for upper class digs, this is not the place. If you're looking for a good time without blowing a lot of cash on a room, then Hooters is your spot. The pool scene during the warmer months is absolutely outstanding, and the location is perfect...off the Strip enough to get away from all the idiocy, but close enough to dive into it if you like.
Your decision to stay here would probably depend a lot on what you want out of Vegas. For some reason, I expected this place to be fun, exciting, full of hot hooters girls and cheap. Ok... it was cheap.

I am surprised by how few people there are gambling here. They had only half of a craps table open, but if I walk across the street to MGM the place is RIDICULOUS!!! The whole casino here feels sleepy. This place has a downtown feel to it. It would fit nicely next to Golden Nugget or Four Queens and it would be "classy".

The elevators felt run down and there's signs of neglect (broken decor, faded paint). The room is about the same. It's big, but feels run down. The buffet was very unimpressive. Bacon, eggs, cereal and yeah... that's about it.

Pros:
Inexpensive
GREAT location!

Cons:
A little grudgy
Boring casino

Recommendation:  This is an inexpensive place to stay and I wouldn't stay here for any other reason. At the same price, I would choose ANY on strip hotel, but those will all be more. This place has a great location if you wanna be close to MGM.
I am a cheap bastard sometimes, and my brother is as well so when we saw just off the strip for less than $50 a night over a weekend average price, we thought what the hell. My brother is so cheap that he still wears shirts from when he was in High school, (he is currently 36). Regardless we thought 3 *s (official rating on most websites) all we really need is 2 beds and a bathroom. Well being blunt if this is 3 Stars then I think the box under the bridge with the homeless must rank at least 2 stars! there was no chair for the desk (how did that leave the room?) the decor looked like Jimmy buffet threw up after drinking one too many different colored margaritas, the carpet was just dirty, the bathroom had mold in the corners of the linoleum floor, There was a foot hole kicked through the bathroom door. But the wings at the bar downstairs were good!
If you don't have a car and don't want to pay strip prices for a room then I guess this place is okay.

The rooms were mixed, it definitely seems they kept a lot of stuff around from the San Remo.  It seems like their cleaning staff is stretched and the room's fixtures were rough in places, but at least the smoking rooms were livable   The elevators are small and old and therefore break down a lot.

Casino is small and they didn't have enough tables open for what was a busy spring break Thursday.  $3 Blackjack is limited to 1 table with crappy rules and other tables were a min. $10.

They had the audacity to charge a very steep resort fee for crappy facilities and $150 for a Saturday rate.
Even as a first timer to this city of lights, I had to go cheap since I was a broke college student on Spring Break.  Luckily my friends planned for us to stay at Hooters, and one word definitely defined my experience: ghetto.

Yep... there's nothing special about Hooters honestly, but the real deal-sealer for here is that it was CHEAP, and since we were never really in the rooms, it wasn't a huge issue.  The hotel is located off the strip across from MGM, and parking (like everywhere else in Vegas) is pretty generous.

Rooms were small.  There were two queen sized beds for you and a friend to share. Ice and vending machines are available on each floor for your convenience (we definitely had a bath tub of liquor to start).  There is a pool outside that is open 24 hours, but be sure to have a shirt on when you come back in.  The staff doesn't like people who go in and out shirtless.  And another bad part... there is no wireless internet available. (shute, even Motel 6 down the street has wifi!?)

As for the Casino, it wasn't bad, although the Hooters $100 free play in slots is pretty deceiving.  I blew all of that in 12 rounds, so it is highly unlikely that you'll be making much money.  Although I did learn how to play craps that night!  Dealers were pretty legit.

So it's ghetto, but cheap.  I can't complain.
What a dreadful casino.  It was the occasion of the Purple Reign show that brought me here.  How a high quality show like that drew Hooter's as venue is beyond me.  

In part, it is like visiting an actual Hooter's.  There are scantily clad waitresses everywhere with those bright orange short shorts and bursting cleavage.  The sports bar in the back is filled with cliched men literally hooting and hollering at each dramatic turn of the basketball game being aired.  Guy's guys carrying on and enjoying the holy trinity of sports, alcohol, and women.  I definitely felt out of place.  The nightclub was especially theatric with the female bartender climbing the rack above the bar and hanging upside down serving drinks to the largely male clientele.  She even did a number where she hung with her legs suspended and invited men to place their head between her thighs from the backside so she could give them shots individually.  So, yeah, not exactly a sophisticated cocktail lounge in Manhattan.  If this is your thing, enjoy.  I will be at other, classier casinos on the strip.
What? Hooters has a hotel?
Located a block off the strip next to the MGM Grand. I'm only slightly embarrassed to say I stayed here this past weekend. This is the place to stay if you just need a bed and shower and prefer to spend your money on shows, food, or gambling it away. This is definitely not a luxury hotel but as good as any Red Roof Inn type of place. With tax, etc. my room was $62 per night.
My room was very clean. The bed was comfortable. The hotel was quiet and I slept well. Plenty of hot water. All the usual amenities (soap, shampoo, complimentary bottled water). The staff was very courteous and helpful; they all seemed to have a good sense of humor. I was allowed a late check out with no hassles. 
After reading some of the negative reviews I was prepared for a real skanky place but it was perfectly fine. I'd definitely stay here again any time a luxurious room isn't one of my requirements.
Here's my lil' adventure at Hooters Casino Hotel.

We had been in town for 2 days and were staying at T.I.  On our trip 6 months ago, my wife and I went to hooters and enjoyed playing on the cheap 21 tables.  My wife suggested, "Let's go down to Hooters and try the chicken wings again (to see if last times SHITTY wings was a fluke) and play some cheap tables."  It was a plan, we filled up our yards we bought from Wal-greens and started walking to Hooters.  Once we got there the line for food was about 45 minutes.  We had no interest in waiting that long for another possible let down.

Plan B.  Cheap tables it is.  Although the cheapest table we could find was 10 min.  At this point we were happy to just be able to sit next to each other at the tables and play.  We really didn't wanna play that much per hand, so we laid down 20 and said, "screw it!"  Welllllll, about  two hours later we were both up to 200+ dollars each.  We were so shocked we just had to keep going!  After losing a few and winning a few and feeling DRUNK, we mutually agreed it was time to cash in and mosey back towards the T.I. where the bed was much closer.  

From the point of getting colored up to walking to the cashier I blacked out for about the next 10-11 hours and was out of commission about a day and a half.  I didn't remember a damn thing from walking out of the doors, to getting in a cab, to walking to my bedroom and passing out.  It turns out at some point it was RUFIED.  Now please understand folks, I can handle my liquor quite well, and often wake up early the next day outta habit and because of my daughter.  The next day my body was absolutely exhausted, my wife told me my pupils were blasted, and I simply "did not feel right".  This was no hang over that my body was trying to kick.  

As fun as it was to win money, the fact that someone had a different night planned out for us was kinda disturbing.  Now here I am posting my review and I'm feeling like an ass for not yelping this place before I came here.  You dont see too many reviews as bad as this place has.  And for damn good reason I see.

Raymond B. mentioned he was getting "eyed" the whole time for giving his wife money right?  The pit boss at the tables was giving me and my wife the "Eye" after we started winning that much money. Almost giving us a feeling like we shouldn't be winning money anymore!  We played $10 tables at the T.I a few nights later and had equally as fun of a time and played till 6am.  

AVOID HOOTERS!!! IT'S NOT WORTH THE RISK OF GETTING DRUGGED!!!
.25 cent hooter wings (midnight-6am), $9.99 prime ribs (awesome), $3 black jacks, right on the strip next to MGM, hooter girls... what else more can you ask for??? yup def. worth the visit!

Their rooms? don't know never stayed there.
I have been going to Las Vegas since Hooters was known as the San Remo, even though I may not been gambling at the time. When the hotel changed over to Hooters, it was actually a really fun place. It really felt like you were at Hooters restaurant just with gambling. Loved the casual atmosphere, fun girls and frankly, this kind of feeling felt perfect for Vegas. 

Now the resort was never anything special. The rooms were, and still are very small but when you were only spending three hours a day in them and you were either sleeping or showering, you did not really care. 

But now, it seems that this hotel has taken a hard turn for the worst. The fun atmosphere seems to have been replaced by people who are always angry, from guests, to pit bosses to dealers. The vibe in there is bad and you mix that in with a below-average hotel, you can see why no one stays there anymore. 

I also use to win there a lot, at odd hours, but if I played between 2AM-6AM, I can almost guarantee winning, not anymore. Not that I blame the casino for, it's the risk I take but overnight my luck seemed to have changed. Given that the hotel has had to lower its rates, you get a lot of amateur blackjack players in there now that will not play the book and frankly will screw you if you play at the same table. 

You could get an awesome craps game there if you have a cool dealer or two. 

One of my major complaints about the resort is the constant changing of the restaurants. It use to be Dan Marino's and now it is like The Angry Onion, but basically the same menu. One time a friend and I went to Dan Marino's, they got his order wrong about 4 times. I had finished my dessert before he began to eat his steak. It seems like the resort is trying to make amends to me for it and invites me back with coupons or free dinners, which is fine but they still manage to screw up the meal most of the time.  Hooters the restaurant is also there and one thing about it is that the wings seem better there than at most locations and this is coming from someone who does not like the wings. 

One benefit to Hooters is the pool is open 24 hours, which on a hot, drunk night in the summer could be a lot of fun, when the pool gets crowded, it gets crowded. The pool itself though is very beautiful, with a waterfall and fire pits. You could even stay at a bungalow near the pool, which I recommend, instead of a standard room. 

The parking at Hooters is still an issue, with valet taking a while to get your car back and self parking being in a parking lot that is way too small with way to small parking spaces. 

Hooters used to be a fun whole in the wall off-strip casino, but now it seems it is definitely going down hill.
I am really surprised that this place is still open. What a DUMP!!!
We were lured into Hooters with the promise of $100 in free slot play. We called to see if there was a catch and they said we just had to be new members and that was all. So we go through the whole signing up process and find out it's a total scam. There is a section of about 10 slot machines in the middle that are $10/pull. You don't actually get to keep any money unless you hit the top two jackpots. 10 spins and you're done and feeling cheated. Thanks for basically stealing all my personal info, Hooters!
Saw the 25 cent wings advertisement while walking on the Strip with some friends, so we trekked it over at 2 in the morning. 

 Bottom line: they taste way better when you reheat them in the morning!!
This place is small, run down, and smells like rotting dog poop (seriously, even the bed sheets reeked)! We stayed here because a friend hooked us up with two free rooms for the weekend. It wasn't all that bad but that's mainly because we didn't spend too much time in our room as it was. 

While we never made it down to the pool I'd say that's probably their only redeeming quality. (Cool fire pits, water falls and lighted pools at night). 

The room service was fast but the food was barely edible. The freezer burned fries were nuked in the microwave for about two minutes and arrived floppy and cold. The chicken was smothered with melted Kraft singles cheese and the bread was stale and tasteless. 

Great that this stay was free but I'd never in a million years pay to stay here!
Had a horrible time here.

As a casino, I like the slots they have here. You can make lower bets than at other casinos. They don't have that many tables though. 

As a hotel, it wasn't fun at all. I was on crutches with a broken foot and they gave me a bungalow room on the 2nd floor with no elevator. Horrific. A wonderful employee named Destinee got security to help me switch my room to the towers, where there were elevators. They got me a handicapped room which was nice of them, means it's closer to the elevator.

I don't know when was the last time someone was in there. The comforter was dirty. The magazines said Winter 2009 - it's May 2010 guys... And I watched a bug crawl over my pillow.

I was also told that I was going to get a credit from moving to Bungalow to Tower since Bungalow costs more.. But when I was checking out, there was no notes in my account regarding it. Also I called down for help with my bags since I was on crutches and nobody came to assist me. 

Never again. Bad customer service.
If you have experienced other Las Vegas Hotels, then yes walking down the hall at Hooters makes you feel like you're in a frat house, but the rooms really weren't that bad for the price.

Let's be real, most people come to Vegas, or stay at cheap hotels on the Strip because they are doing one thing: Getting so wasted they can't function. I think this Hotel is made for that. 

I have stayed in cheap rooms here and was always happy. Here's the pros and cons:

-Clean cheap rooms
-Great view of the Strip
-Horrible parking garage
-Casino and Hotel aren't that big so you don't have to walk far in those heels to get back to the elevator.
-No much to eat (See Mad Onion review).
-Close enough to other Hotels so you can bounce around
-Girls aren't the greatest looking. I expected better from Hooters
-Casino floor staff are annoying as hell! While playing a slot machine I was ID ed about 10 times. 
-Purple Reign. Love

In my opinion this place gets the job done as far as I'm concerned. So if you're looking for a place on the Strip to crash check out their rates.
OMG!! The smell of this place! If you enjoy the smell of warm vomit as you walk back to your hotel room then by all means book a room here.

I stayed here with some girlfriends because we got a free room and even though it was free it was hard not to complain. The hotel is a run down dump. The only highlight was how much time we didn't have to stay in the room!! 

We did have a pool view from our room but no one seemed to be partaking in poolside fun. The room service was prompt but the food was horrendous. Basically for $10 you get a reheated chicken patty with plastic processed cheese and soggy fries that look like they were scraped from the neighbors plate they left in the hall.

Unless you must, must, must stay here don't and I hope the next time I have to see this place it is when they are building a new hotel over it.
I was expecting something much worse when we decided to book here. But for under $30 a night I cant complain too much. Our room was small, but cleaner than I had expected- and all the staff that cleaned rooms was super nice.

The food was ok, nothing amazing, but totally edible. When we checked in we were hit with a $25 a day "fee" of sorts to make sure that we didnt mess up anything. It would have been nice to be made aware of that at some point before staying there.
The guy at the front desk was a total idiot, but a lot of the girls that work the desk are much more helpful.

25c wings after 12 was nice, with one exception being that you have to get a table even if you want them to go. Whatever, it all worked out in the end.

A friend in another room apparently killed a pretty sizable roach, but these things happen- and we didnt see any bugs in our room.

The pool is nice, but beware the pool with the waterfall. Its about 40 degrees and salty. The hot tubs are ok, but the could stand to be cleaned for sure.
Gross... I stayed here because it looked decent, good price, and my boss told me it wasn't that bad. Maybe I am used to staying at like Mandalay where when you walk in, the check in desk is like 2 feet from the poker tables but thats okay. So we waited FOREVER to get helped just to check in, then we get to our floor we were staying on and as we walked down the hall there was a awful smell. As the weekend went on the smell slowly lingered through the whole hallway, i was convinced there was a dead body in the room next to us or something it was that bad. They knew it too because they put a big fan in the hallway like that would resolve the issue? Our keys kept deactivating as for our friends staying too so we constantly had to go back downstairs for the to reactivate it so we could get into our rooms (waiting forever to get helped each time) and our bathroom was gross, our view was of the backstreet and the "break" area of the workers so we could watch them smoke, lucky us! When we were getting onto the elevator a cockroach went running across the floor! Some workers were walking by and I said, umm, theres a cockroach!! and they laughed and said, Im not getting it! and kept walking. They were VERY concerned. The pool was nice, small, but nice! So basically, I would never stay there again!!
My friends and I stayed at Hooters for two nights, Tuesday and Wednesday. We got our rooms for a really cheap price: $12 per person, per night. Naturally, we were not expecting fancy hotel rooms.

The rooms were about what we expected. They were simple but clean and definitely adequate. The hotel also has a really nice pool area with a bar. The Hooters restaurant is good, but predictably overpriced.

Service at the hotel is pretty poor. We waited in line an inordinately long time to check in. When I called housekeeping to request more towels (we only had two, and there were four people staying in the room), no one picked up the phone and I had to leave a voicemail message. No one ever got back to me. When housekeeping cleaned the room on Wednesday, they didn't replace the toilet paper or shampoo, and we were clearly running out of both.

As others have noted, the atmosphere is a lot like that of a frat house. Hooters is a good place to stay if you a want a really cheap hotel room, but don't expect much when it comes to service.
I can't imagine what the creators of this hotel were thinking.. In a world of pure elevated decadence and wonderful visual appeal, they decided to take the theme of a tacky restaurant and convert it into a hotel.. now it's Vegas, you can do anything in Vegas and make it work..I mean the idea of  creating a hotel from a restaurant focusing on, tatas, isn't far fetched, but they even took the grimy, low quality environment of their typical stores, and transferred that feeling onto the hotel as well.  This hotel has the look and feel of old school, neglected Vegas hotels... and this is new.. it looks like those $3 crap, $2 bud light sections between Ballys and the Flamingo.. and this is a new hotel?

The food's terrible.  Hooters is known for their wings so you'd figured one of the perks of having a Hooters hotel is having those wings around, but no, we ordered wings here and they only offered the hooters hot sauce, but not the Hooters wings.. um, ok.  

I walked by the casino where they were giving a car off as a prize.. the car looked like it's been waiting there for decades.. color faded, old fart car.... wow.
Okay, we went here for one reason (in January 2010), and that reason was that it was cheap at the time for a Saturday night, vs the Palms where we were staying the night before.   So there wasn't a big expectation and Hooters happily enough obliged in not making one.  

 As a previous reviewer noted, the parking garage really is a good indicator of what this hotel is about.   It was smallish and cramped when driving up to find a spot there were great puddles of water on the floor, never mind that the floor we stopped at was about the 4th.  We parked away from the elevator to ensure we had plenty of space and got in the little death trap of an elevator that takes you to the casino.  I say death trap because it rattles, groans, creaks and really does a great job at making you feel like it's going to drop any moment.   Then when we got off the elevator and avoided being smashed by people looking to scurry away from here, we found that it was a modest sized hotel, with bored waitresses, dealers, and a rather rude security guard. Hotel staff seemed not to be enjoying their jobs either; the cleaning woman seemed to be the only one enjoying her job.

We went to the other set of elevators to the tower rooms and the somewhat dingy hall to find our room.   Window by the elevator had a cool view of the airport.     Rooms looked exactly like the ones on the Hooters website, if you look closely enough.   Nightstands are really just table tops and otherwise, it's the garish no frills room it's made out to be.   We had a 17th floor strip view room, which had pretty killer views of the Tropicana, Luxor, and Exalibur, and a side view of sorts of the neon green glow of the MGM, so definitely no complaints about that.

The casino floor had a decent assortment of slots and the gift shops had the usual Hooters merchandise available.   The club there had Prince and Snoop Dogg music blaring loudly, so lots of p***y control and that type; not what you'd call family friendly but perfectly in line with the kind of tackiness that Hooters is.   

So not a bad place and compared to other casinos, I think you get what you pay for here.
You would think the Hooters inside their own casino in Las Vegas would be the gold standard by which all other Hooters would be judged.  OK, maybe just I would think that.  At any rate, this was the worst Hooters experience I've ever had.  The service was painfully slow and the food was severely lacking.  Again, maybe it's just me, but when I order something on the menu and the waitress looks at me like I'm crazy and asks me what it is, something is amiss.  I don't see any reason why I will ever come back to this particular location.
Okay. this place is kind of a dumpy hotel.  But it's got cheap gambling and cheap food.
Shorty's Bar has $2 drinks 2-6pm every day.
The pool is a minanture Wannabe, big time pool with a waterfall. 
It's not the Four Seasons, but It's cool, check it out.!!! =)
okay...so this review is just for the casino itself.  we did not stay there so i have no clue how the hotel rooms are...but i imagine them to be pretty mediocre.  haha.  

the hotel itself is nothing fancy...in fact, it's a dump.  but i had the most fun gambling here than any other casino on the strip.  i'm actually sad that we waited til the last night to give this place a try.  but we made up for it by stopping by for half an hour before we had to take off to catch our flight.  we signed up for the rewards card which gave us $100 to spend on select slot machines...although i didn't win a cent...it was fun not losing my own money for once.  haha.

the tables were super fun.  it wasn't the fact that all the girls that worked there had big boobs and wore their staple hooters outfit...but it was fun watching them work it up with the older men at the tables.  i've never seen dealers get tipped so much!  they even worked it up with us which i thought was cute...i also had that urge to tip after every win.  haha.  they put on their charm 100% and it works.  i just hate going to those upscale casinos where the dealers are just as snooty as the hotel.  dealers with personalities bring that good kharma to the table...and for the most part, the dealers here lived up to that standard...until one of the dealers got a straight flush.  haha.  that should've been my hand!  well, you can't win them all...in fact, the etnire table lost...but at least we had fun!  haha.  

warning:  this hotel is super smoky.  everyone and their mama's mamas were smoking...seriously, a guy sitting next to us with his mom were both smoking up chimneys.  haha.  

cool hotel...awesome dealers...cheap tables...i don't think i'd ever stay the night here...but the gambling is affordable and fun!
Okay I have to give it two stars just because it really isn't much more than a nice Motel 6 or Best Western that is in Las Vegas.  With that said though I was completely shocked with my stay.  My wife and I stayed one night just to catch some sleep before me moved over to one of the other hotels on the strip, and I was fearing the worst.

We paid $20 for one night, and I closed my eyes while opening the door to my room, half expecting to find a room that would make me wish my wife would let us sleep in the car.

The room was quite clean, surprisingly decent sized, and the bed was even somewhat comfortable.  I would definitely NEVER stay here for more than one night, but if you need a place for a one night layover or looking for an incredibly cheap place to stay, you may want to check it out.
This was our first time in Vegas and we decided to stay here mainly due to price and proximity to the Strip.  I imagine we read 200 reviews of the place from multiple sites and were ready for the worst.  Surprisingly it was not that bad...if you go in expecting a 1st rate rat trap!
We stayed in a basic king room on the 9th floor of the second tower (not the one labeled Ocean).  The room was clean, had a great view of the strip, and had a cold AC.  The hallways leading to the rooms appear dirty - mismatched wall paint and stained carpets (but we read this in multiple reviews so we expected it).  The decor was "tacky" Florida - but that's part of the Hooter's slogan.  Our room was missing the Hooter's bar stools and table that they claim on the website.  The bathroom was acceptable.  Large vanity, great shower (never ran out of hot water).  They provided us with face soap, hand soap, shower cap, and lotion.  My wife said she saw shampoo and conditioner on the housekeeping cart, but we did not get any.  WIRED internet service was like $12.50 a night...however, we found at least 6 unsecured wireless signals that we could pickup at no cost (mainly from nearby hotels).  We found in Vegas that you really don't spend a lot of time in the room - so everything was OK!  Good enough for a quick nap then back out!
Pool - the pool is open 24 hours and we went out at about midnight one night.  The pool with the waterfall was to cold for us - but the other pool was about right.  We also used one of the two hot tubs.  We packed beach towels, but the 24 hour gift shop next to the pool gives you small hotel ones to use (I'm sure as part of the resort fee).  There are also ample lounge chairs if you would rather sit and watch or enjoy the weather.  There was only one other group of people out when we used the pool at midnight...it was like having it all to ourselves.  Pool bar was busy and it took forever with only one bartender to get a drink.  Also advertised as "swim-up," I can assure that it is not!

Casino - my wife and I probably had the most fun at this casino.  The drinks flow very freely and we never had a problem finding a cocktail waitress.  We mainly played penny slots and always had multiple runs ins with a waitress (remember to tip good). Its small enough that you can't get lost like some of the others on the strip.  We played some table games for the first time and had some very friendly customers teach us the rules of the tables.                  

Restaurant - We got a package deal that included two tickets for 10 free wings, 2 drinks at the pool side bar, 2 show tickets at the casino, and $100 in free slot play.  We ate at the Hooters inside the casino and would only rate this as subpar.  1. Our waitress was an idiot and had broken English.  She kept giving us napkins with her name on it and said just yell if you need me.  We were right near the bar and it took her 10 mins to get us our beer.  2. We tried to use the two 10 free wings tickets - but were told that we could only use one per table.  It does not say that anywhere on the tickets.  We ended up giving our other ticket to a couple next to us, just because we didn't want to eat wings for multiple meals 3. We ordered medium wings, but it seemed like they put nothing on them.  We ended up putting the table hot sauce on them to add some flavor.
Show -  We used our free show tickets and saw the Dirty Jokes show with Todd Paul, Geechy Guy, and Mickey Johnson(?).  We almost used the tickets for just the Todd Paul show but realized that his tickets were only $9.95 and the Dirty Jokes show tickets were like $30.  The show is on the second floor in a tiny conference room.  There were maybe only 30 people at our Friday night show.  Seating is not assigned and an usher will escort you to a table.  We lucked out and got front row - but all seats would have been good.  Geechy is hilarious, Todd is OK, and the other guy is forgettable.  Their performance was kinda like when the 4 guys of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour sit on stage at the end of their show together and tell jokes.  I like to heckle and was disappointed with the lack of audience interaction - its mainly them telling scripted jokes.  Worth it for FREE...I might pay up to $15.00 for this.  Our tickets included a free drink at Dixie's Dam Bar downstairs.
Complaints - 1. We wanted to walk around on the strip with drinks because not many places let you walk around with open containers.  We stopped at the bar right at the entrance to grab a couple drinks.  We asked for 2 Bud Light Limes and the bill was $11.00 for two 12 oz bottles!  Tip- you can find 24oz/32oz cans about a block away by Walgreens for $8.00 for two!  2. The promotional slot play is a scam (in multiple reviews)  3. The owl rewards card is a scam...you must have to gamble like $300 to get to the 200 point minimum for the free t-shirt  AND you have to do that in the first 24 hours of signing up.  

We would stay here again...
I was here to see Purple Reign and we got here too early.  Place is dump and dirty but the people are nice and the tables are cheap.  Don't expect state of the art slots.
Yeah yeah, so I stayed at the Hooters when I went to Vegas. For a casino/hotel so close to the strip, the price was right.

I stayed in one of the pool-facing "bungalo" rooms, which I'm sure in the summer are a great place to be. Not so much in February, when all you have to look forward to is a long walk to the casino (or in my case, the front door and the rest of Vegas). The peeling shower/tub didn't drain and the in-room safe proved nonexistent, which bothered me. For some reason, this felt like the sort of place I might actually want or need the safe.

The casino IS on the smaller side, but I'm not quite sure what earlier reviewers hope for. More slots? Because whenever I walked into the newer, larger casinos, that's what I saw. Row upon row upon row of slots. It's a smaller, slightly off Strip hotel, so for the traffic, the casino is plenty spacious and there's sufficient variety of gaming as well. I did, however, feel like the $10 craps table - usually the only table operating - was a bit high relative to other casinos of it's caliber, but whatever.

The restaurants aren't great, but if you're looking for an inexpensive Vegas room and don't want to break the bank, plop your butt at the nickle slots and suck down a few comped drinks. And if nothing else, Hooters provides a nice launching off point for the rest of the Strip.
Ok, so it's not the nicest hotel on the block but it does the job.  The first time I stayed here was right after the hotel changed owners and underwent hardcore renovations.  So, of course, it was in great condition. The beds were super comfortable and everything was clean.  I stayed here about three years later and you could tell they are not on top of the upkeep.  The parking structure elevator needs some heavy repairs and the hallways need to be cleaned. But if you're just going to Vegas to party, sleep, eat, party, sleep, eat...then the 20 bucks you'll pay for weekday rates is well-worth the price.  If you snub your nose at the Luxor, don't even think about staying here.  Still, this is a much better place and location than Circus Circus and definitely Stratosphere.  I'll be back....mostly cause I have my cheap moments.
I am now a fan of this place.  When I first stepped foot in this casino and wan not impressed and thought it was kind of ghetto, but after staying here for the weekend, this place really grew on me.  I like the fact the casino floor is smaller than the others on the strip.  That allows for a more intimate gaming experience.  I have always been a fan of the Hooters wings and like the close proximity to the restaurant when a wing craving hits.

The room quality is not the greatest, but the quality fits the price.  I rather save a few dollars on a room that I will hardly stay in while I am in Vegas.
Love the wings, service is cute. We doubted our waitress would remember our order because she didn't write anything down but she was SPOT ON.

You know what you get in Hooters. Well done.
Ok. We were just here for the food. Just the food. LOL. My friends and I were hungry after we landed --- load and behold --- there were a Hooters (and the casino!). Wings were wings. I had the burger called an "Elvis". The bbq sauce in the burger made me want to vomit. Oh. skip the local beer on tap. I forgot what it was called, but it tasted sweet. Sweet and beer is not a good combo.
Not only is this a great price for being so close but just far enough from the strip, the pool is TWENTY FOUR hours***. Now, I'll get back to that later-But first off- the rooms are cleanly and spacious and the staff is hit or miss. Jamie was a GREAT server poolside, she was on top of everything during the whole week and went above and beyond for many reasons.

The casino itself gave 100$ voucher to play slots, but- it was only for about 6 slot machines that were gated off and I didn't witness anyone winning during the 5 minutes it took for me to blow my free money. The tables had low minimums and seemed pretty full the whole trip. I didn't get to take advantage of my free poolside drink and wings voucher or my show tickets- but they were also good perks!

*** So the pools are twenty four hours, which is included in the resort fee- but the large hot tub was not in service the entire week I was there. The overnight security staff increasingly got worse. I don't believe walking up to personal items and opening bags is part of their job. We also didn't have a problem bringing our own canned beverages late night for the first few days, but later on in the week it became an issue.
my happy place.  i wanna win the lotto & live here until i get sick of it. i can use my deuce/ace bus pass & take the city bus up tropicana road & get to the pinball hall of fame or the airport.  oh hooters, even though you charge an $8.50 resort fee & make it hard to enter the fitness center, i could never stay mad at you.  love the self-parking, casino floor tunes, gym & pool. their comp cocktails come in 16oz plastic cups.  they hired a real talent:  todd paul.   he's a funny hustler & grifter.  todd paul's solo show(music, juggling & magic) is unique, diversified & funny.  then he & 2 comedians have a separate improved 'dirty joke' show that i can see again & again.  hip/funny dudes.   at the craps table i found casual, friendly staff--the pit boss wore a dress shirt(no tie & top button unbuttoned)  & 1 of the stickmen had tat sleeves, earrings  & a fauxhawk.  i really enjoy their non-corporate appearance & keeping it real .  the customers are fun-loving pleasure barons & baronesses too.  i forgot to drop off my room key cards & when i called them from home they said 'don't worry about it'.   this hotel/casino isn't everyone's cup of tea, but it's 5 stars to my 41 year old dirtbag-chic self.  i love you man
Price is very helpful for me as family trip.
I only came to try out the casino and restaurant, I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't rally review that part. 

The casino is pretty small and the games offered are all the regulars. There aren't as many table games as other casinos. 

The restaurant was suuper busy and the wait was really long, so we ended up eating at the sports bar, where they served the same food as in the restaurant. The fooood took forever to come out. We were practically ready to leave. And then when we finally got our wings, they weren't even that great. Uhh, and I hate how Hooters charges you extra for sauce. Everyone eats wings with sauce!
Stayed here on the weekend... First off, got tickets from expedia for $65 a night.
Casino itself has been a little redone since when it used to be the San Remo.
So we get there at 1130pm, and at first they can't find out reservation. After 20 mins of the counter person being gone, looking in the back for our reservation, she comes back to say we'd have to wait another 45 mins for them to clean a room.
So we wait, and come back an hour later. Room is ready.. Good thing was we got upgraded to a tower room as opposed to a bungalow room.  Dont get me the wrong the room was nice and clean, nice beds, nice tv, etc etc.  Now the hall way to the room had seen some better days, and in a real need of a steam cleaning to get rid of all those dirty spots.. Otherwise, the casino itself, was pretty nice.
Other thing that happened, was the next day after waking up from a drunken slumber at almost 2pm, we left at around 3pm to meet up with some friends, and called room service to have the room picked up and cleaned by the time we got back.
Well we get back, and nothing had been done to the room. Luckily I ain't no slob, so I didnt make a fuss, and wiped my arse with the same towels from night before....LOL... OH well i figured, since we got upgraded to the towers...  I should have complained though, since they automatically add almost $9 dollars a  night for that service... Oh, and I figured, hell, lets get some wings sent up via room service.. So i call, and call, and call, and no one answers...oh, well I guess they dont want my money..fail on the wings...
Would I stay here again....maybe.  I did like the fact it wasnt directly on the strip, and during the day, the casino or pool weren't super packed like all the other casinos.
In a word: trashy.  But that was to be expected, right?!  The outside of the hotel is grim looking- grey and dingy....which matched the walls and the dirty carpet that lines the hotel hallways.  The gaming area is small, but it was nice that there are a few reasonably priced restaurants (with decent food) attached.  The rooms were pretty much what you would expect- small, uncomfortable beds with comforters that felt a bit like sandpaper.  I will say that the room was cleaner then I expected.  On to the pool- smallish and not too impressive, has a little watterfall, dirty lounge chairs, towells are about the size of hand towells, decent size bar beside the pool.  Oh, and what's up with the girls??  This is Hooters right?  They weren't up to par.  So in a nutshell, if you're looking for a SUPER cheap stay on the strip and don't care about spending a lot of time (or any time) at your hotel, then maybe this is a good option for you.  I was happy that we were only there for a night before moving on to someplace much nicer!
Let me start this off by saying a pregnant girl working at hooters is kind of weird. Well at least that's what my group of friends decided.

We only came here because we have never been and we both love buffalo wings. We stood in line and waited a good 20 mins to be seated. We immediately ordered our wings and ice tea, The tea arrived quickly, the wings however did not. I started to wonder if they were chasing the little chicks around demanding their wings in the fryer. I knew this wasn't the case because it was an open kitchen. They were just slow, and slow might even be an understatement. 

Wings came out a good 35 to 40 mins later, cold of course. Nothing special about hooters wings.  The sauce sucked, no kick at all. It really could have used some butter. The blue cheese dipping sauce came out of a peel away packet. The color was off...not sure what was going on there. 

I will never return.
so i got 2 free nights here from a local radio station, and to be quite honest is wasn't that bad. The room was nice and clean, it had kind of a island theme going on, not bad just a little white trashy. the casino is small but they do have 5 dollar craps which is hard to find on the strip. O
I guess you get what you pay for. Cheap hotel room during a weekday for 29 dollars! The sheets had a hole and tear in them, the bathroom had a crack on the floor and the toilet had a quirk that you had to hold down the lever for it to flush. The bed and pillows were okay. At least there was A/C!

The variety of pools was good. It seemed like Goldilocks. One with the waterfall was freezing, another one closest to the entrance was cold, and the last one closest to the bar was regular temperature. The waterfall was a nice touch, though. I like that they have two jacuzzis.

The worse thing is that I thought this hotel was supposed to be new!? It seemed like they took over an old crappy hotel. The elevator was ugly and bad, only one of them worked the whole time. Worst of all, no A/C in the elevator!

The casino was very small, but all of the dealers and waitresses I had were nice. This casino is too far from the center of the strip, I will definitely consider a closer hotel.
I stayed at the Hooters Hotel for a weekend and it was around a 100 bucks, i think that's a pretty good price and its pretty close to the strip. I had no complaints, the beds were comfy and bathrooms were clean.. they have their own self service parking garage.. bar located right next to the pool with free towels. They had 3 pools and 2 jacuzzis.it was clean with a nice waterfall..very relaxing and a ton of lounge chairs. I love that the pool was 24 hours! We were there til the early morning..The hotel wasn't bad and I would def. stay here again.
Plenty of college kids hang here and it's a little run down, but the deals make it worthwhile - $1.50 bottles of beer, $3 breakfast, $3 blackjack, $25 rooms... One of the best bargains on the south strip (and really close to the airport). Located across the street from the MGM Grand. 

We wandered in here around 2am and devoured their $9.99 prime rib dinner.
First off, this hotel is GHETTO!!! I came here to enjoy a juicy burger and check out hot skanks, this was the wrong place to go. The parking structure is insane! its so tiny and awkwardly designed, you can barley drive your car through it! consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking. The elevators from the parking structure to the hotel/casino were semi-working. I got inside the death trap and it began to shake aggressively, stopped for a few seconds them shook again and proceeded to the main floor. Once inside the casino, it was filled with old white men, JUST men! and a few 60 something year old cocktail waitress'. I got to the restaurant, and to my surprise ALL the Hooters girls looked like something out of the Hills Have Eyes! the only hot waitress i spotted was like 7 months pregnant!.....ew. We ordered our food, 10 min go by....20 min go by....30 MINUTES go by.....ummm where the fuck is my burger? i asked my server what happened to our order, and she says "oh, umm you have to wait, the food always takes a long time" (we ordered a burger and a salad, nothing more!) after 40 minutes, i told her to cancel our order and close our beer tab. She says "ok, BYE" didn't even call a manager over or anything. VERY unprofessional.
Motel 6 is right next door... GO THERE! save money! Hooters is crap. Service is crap! the rooms look dirty and its so ugly. It's the same as the Motel 6. So why pay more?!
I've stayed in some of the worst roach infested seaside motels in California, and this was easily the worst hotel I've ever been in. 

It's Las Vegas, so you really aren't going to spend a ton of time in your room... however, the ability to shower before you go out is sort of a big deal. The shower in our room wouldn't drain and quickly filled up with water. I tried taking a pen and cramming it down the drain to see if I could fix it - I pulled the pen out and a hunk of foul hair and gunk came with it. 

The drain was plugged up with some bitch's entire weave or something... perhaps a dog. We called down to the front desk and were transferred to the wrong department, transferred to a voice mail, and hung up on twice before we were able to get them to send someone out. 

They sent out two maintenance guys to fix it and they spent a half hour blowing air down the drain with a hand pump. This did nothing. They left saying it was still slow, but working a little better. It didn't. All it did was make us late. 

It wasn't just the bathtub malfunction that was a problem... the place was disgusting. There was some sort of small turd near the entry. The vent in the bathroom looked like there was a 1000 year old dead rat inside. The air conditioner sounded like an asthmatic and the busted tile beneath it was covered in dirt. There were all sorts of stains all over the carpet and anything with a surface was covered in layers of old dirt... tops of door frames, mirrors, headboards, etc... 

Every shower curtain ring was broken as well - it felt like some sort of joke - like we were on some sort of reality show... someone just wanted to see us crack.

Sadly... the room was 150 per night because we got there on a busy weekend I suppose. Other people online had reported paying in the 30s for their room. I wouldn't have felt right paying 30 any more than I felt right paying 150. I took pictures of everything and brought them downstairs in the morning to the manager who acted relatively nice. I showed her the pictures on my camera and she had me wait to show her head of cleaning staff who looked at them and shrugged at me dismissively.

In the end, they comped my room. They should've given us tickets to something or gambling money or offered a free night in one of their nicer suites. Had they done anything more than comped the room, I would've tried to be a little more understanding. As it stands though, they did not. 

I paid nothing for this room in the end, and it damn near ruined my vacation. It's not worth it at 150, 90, 60, 30 dollars... not even zero. 

If you're a college kid who is happy drinking Bud, your idea of 'ballin' is winning 50 cents in the penny slots, and you are in Vegas to throw televisions through windows and pee in the hallway... you have found your ideal hotel. For a cheap thrill, get in the elevator and ride it as high as it will go - you will fear for your life.

Fuck this place.
OK to stay if you are broke, or cheap.  The pool is nice, the casino is fun, the staff was very friendly, and the breakfast in the cafe was better than I expected.  The bar was a nice enough place to watch a game, and the pool bar was a lot of fun - I had great bartenders out there!!  The room was big and clean, but the rug really really needs to be replaced.  It didn't seem dirty, just old and worn.  I had a Bay View room with a view of the pool (and the rooftop hardware).  Had a nice big slider window and a half balcony, which was cool.  If they fixed up the rooms some it would be a great budget find.  As it is, it's just an OK place to sleep cheap.
Can't beat the location just off the south strip for the price though, and luv the $1.50 Buds.
So i got htis hotel cheap, but finding out that internet is $14.95 a day. The deal basically, was no deal. I would have been better off staying some where els. If you are staying here and want no ammenities. Tis is the place.
My boyfriend & I reserved this room because it was one of the cheaper hotels on the Vegas strip; so we were in no way expecting the luxury of the Bellagio. But during our 3 night stay we were increasingly annoyed with the problems in the hotel & unhelpful front desk staff. I will never be staying here again, I don't care how good of a deal it is. 

#1- The door to the Bungalow building takes about 15 tries to unlock. They need a new lock on that building, badly. 

#2- The adjoining door between our room & the room next to us didn't lock on our side (lock was broken), so the neighbors could have come into our room if they wanted to. 

#3- We had to have maintenance come fix the toilet first thing in the morning on 2 of our days there. 

All of that could have been forgiven. They have $1.50 beers in their bars, $3 blackjack tables, a decent pool (even though the waterfall was broken), and a pretty convenient location. BUT.... 

#4- On day 2 I decided I didn't want to pay for the hotel with my debit card & asked the hotel to switch over to my credit card. To make a long story short they screwed it up & ended up tying up $536 in charges & holds on my credit & debit accounts, for a room that cost $181 total. Supposedly they submitted a reversal for the charges, but I have yet to see it process on my account (it's been 2 days so far).

I went to the desk to complain to the manager (who first off had the front desk girl tell me that the manager was out on lunch, then she magically appeared after I wasn't going away), who did absolutely nothing but give me a blank stare. I resorted to listing all of the other complaints I had about the hotel in an attempt to get a reaction from her, or at least some sort of compensation, but she still said nothing other than "I'm sorry about that". I became so frustrated I ended up leaving the hotel in tears. 

I was expecting a budget hotel because that's what I paid for; I was NOT expecting a VACATION RUINER. I won't be returning to this craphole, not even for their $1.50 beers, simply because I'm so pissed at my experience here.

If you do come to Hooters, just go for the cheap drinks & gambling. Go down the street to Imperial Palace if you're looking for a cheap room.
Okay the hooters restaraunt inside the HOOTERS hotel you think would be at least DECENT. Noot the wings were not crispy and average old hooters wings. I will say that the steamed oysters were good.
Service average, I was only and the guy thought it was weird I didn't want to eat at the bar.
I couldn't give it a 1-star because the steamed oyseters were good.
At $19.00 a night plus $8.50 resort fee its a great deal. It is just a step above a motel 6 like hotel. The hotel in many areas is basically falling apart.
For Budgetary Reasons: This place is a Winner. 

For a nice Vegas Get-away Stay:  This place is Mediocre.

I love staying at the BIG Spender hotels, but in this economy, its better to save and pray for an awesome deal. My husband and I booked a last minute trip for 2 nights @ $34 a night. Well I put all my chips in for Hooters and my expecations weren't too high, but I was suprised that some of them were actually met.

The Casino is decent, but this place is a Sausage Fest, and I mean that respectively, because I know that Men love Hooters and the girls with orange shorts, so I wasn't offended here. LOL. I enjoyed my stay  with my Husband, and if my single girlfriends were with me, Im sure they would of enjoyed their stay too. 

The hallways to the rooms smell like chicken wings (hooters spice), but the tower room was comfortable and the bed was nice as well. We didnt stay in our room that much, because of the awesome 24 hour POOL, 24 hour Mad Onion Restaurant and the Prime locale of being next to the strip. 

The $1.50 Buds is definitely one of the great factors to staying there and Taxi service is impeccable. We never had to wait as long as at other hotels.  Staff friendliness was about average, but it was hospitality hooter style - couldnt of asked for better. 

Overall:  If you are willing to give up high-class taste, then this place works for you.
After writing my original review of the hotel, I contacted the director of hotel operations to voice my complaint. She acted very quickly to right the situation; refunding some of the hotel stay & offering an upgraded 2 night stay in the future. She took the complain very seriously & because of the way she handled the situation, I would like to give them another try. After all, the casino & bars were a lot of fun!
After reading a ton of bad reviews here on Yelp I was really afraid this hotel would be terrible.  Well, it wasn't.  There really isn't anything wrong with this hotel.  The casino is OK, too.

If you get a room facing the pool it will probably be noisy with all night partiers.  But overall I thought this was a decent, clean hotel with nice amenities (but no fridge and no wifi) near the strip for CHEAP $20 a night on a weekday/off season.
I stayed here for 2 nights for only $40 a night! It was very cheap and I wasn't expecting much since it was so cheap. The stay there was great. The best thing about the hotel is that their pool is 24hrs!!! It was so fabulous. I always need to rush back to my hotel before the pool closes so I can go for a dipping. I love that I am able to have access to the pool at all times. Another wonderful thing about the hotel is there 25 cents wings from 12am to 6am. Just the right time for a midnight snack!! The slot promotion kind of sux, but it doesn't really matter to me. Doesn't everything sound so wonderful? Well... it was very horrible when me and the bf left. I think there were a couple of bed bugs because the bf got several red dots on his back!!! ugghhhh. I was disusted!!! never ever going back!!!!
Well, i think i'm one of a hand full of ladies who actually like hooters restaurants.  so my boyfriend took myself and another couple here for my birthday dinner , one of my 4 night stay in vegas (@ treasure island)
we also wanted to see there casino.. not that impressed anyway..
The food was okay, the service was awful, of all the hooters i've been to this is the worst by far. And you'd think its be the BEST since its in there hotel/casino.. not the case.
Ok. SO..my 1st time in LV was in 2009. This was also the same year I moved here, 2 months later. We lived in SD and decided out of nowhere to bid on room on priceline. If we got it, we were coming to LV, if not - we'd stay home. Friday night 5 pm- we won our bid @ HOOTERS HOTEL & CASINO. Not quite exactly how I envisioned my 1st time in LV, but I made the best of it. 

BUNGALOWS: WOW.. If you can, stay in the tower. I never got to see those rooms but anythings GOT to be better than this. The room itself was ok but felt like a room in the 80's in Miami. Like something out of Miami Vice. THe boards didnt quite meet together in the restroom, there wasnt a blow dryer? oh wait, found it in the closet. It too was from the 80's. But worst of all, there was no elevator to the 2nd floor in the bugnalows. THERE WAS NO ELEVATOR TO THE 2ND FLOOR IN THE BUNGALOWS. What the... We had to lug our luggage up the stairs. Glad I didnt pack the way I normally do. The bed wasnt that comfo but lets face it your 1st time in LV you're not spending that much time in your room. It was a great economical way to enjoy our LV trip. I'd give one star for the rooms alone. Literally Holiday Inn Express is nicer than this. They get an extra star b/c of Dan Marino's. 

Great location! right across from the MGM and NYNY -you're entrance to the great strip. I think thats why I have a secret love for MGM. That and it reminds me of Tupac. I still miss that fool. 

DINING: Well we got in super late so we ate here @ Dan Marino's. Pleasant surprise! This place was freakin good! There was a long line of people waiting to eat and we thought wow, that's a long ass line, must be really good so we picked this place over the Hooters rest. in the back. Well turns out the line was waiting for some wing special at 11 or midnight that you get an obscene amt of wings for a low low price. We saw some lady walk out w/ literally 3 completely stuffed white strafoam boxes-- to the brim w/ wings. no shame - and she was by herself! 
I had the small ceasar salad w/ grilled ckn, super cheap like $7.99 and it was delicious. prob. 2nd best I've had next to Outback. thats another review!
My bf had the steak special and he loved it. SO much food for such small price $9.99. It was quality food too. not the left over meat they shovel out to you like @ Longhorn. I'd def. add this to my rotation if I was in the area more.'

HOOTERS REST: blah. I've had better I've had worse. One girl insisted on jump roping w/ a guy @ the table and since I was the only gf there w/ 3 guys -(not my idea btw) she chose mine. He was upset I didnt stop it but it was a dbl edge sword. If I stopped it I'm THAT gf. If I didn't he was upset @ me for letting him look dumb. Oh well. I've been to several Hooters and this never happened. 

FREE $100 in slot play huh? Its a $100 bill they give you to play the roped off slots that are rigged not to win and you bet $10 a hand. No, nobody wins with this. Its funny. We've never been back since this. 

POOL: The pool was the prettiest part of this place. Too bad I don't swim anyway.
We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.

The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
So I read every review of this place on here before I went to Vegas [[for the first time btw]]...and I really wasnt worried that i'd have the same concerns as some of the other peeps on here. And i was right. Ive stayed in some pretty crappy hotels, including one with bullet holes in the ceiling in San Jose. I just wanted a cheap room and so I went ahead and booked here. I stayed in a Tower room on the 15th floor...Ocean view...and the views were spectacular. We were facing the strip and had views of Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Tropicana, Excalibur, New York New York and MGM among the others scattered about through there. As far as the room goes it was very clean, and the bed was very comfortable. My comforter had major issues tho...the batting inside was all bunched up and weird. The bathroom was nice and I did keep in mind all the other reviews that said there were drainage problems, and yes our sink did drain slow on the day i left. Oh, I guess I should have stated that I stayed here for 2 nights. Anywho the one sole reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because theres no refrigerator or microwave. grrrrrrrr! 

Now as far as the rest of the place goes...ladies beware: the Hooters girls do not like it when you are hotter than them. and guys beware: I saw maybe 1 hot Hooters girl the entire time i was here. I ate in the resturant, played in the casino, drank at the bars and eww....my husband commented that more guys were checking me out than them. and they noticed and they were RUDE. anyways...i noticed a lot of people bitching about how the free $100 promotional slot play was a "scam"...umm its only a scam if you PAY something....is free people who cares!!! me and my husband both played and yeah we burned through that $100 in about 2 minutes..but i didnt give a crap I didnt pay anything...I just signed up for the Owl Rewards Club so whatever. If you dont wanna waste 2 minutes dont frickin play. Its simple as that. I had no luck on the regular slots...but the drink service is fast and thats all that matters. the pool is AWESOME!!! 24 hours! and it was my anniversary so swimming with the hubby at 1am rocked. DO NOT get in the pool with the waterfall...i stuck my foot in and about got hypothermia. which reminds me about the tattoo place next to the pool...AVOID at all costs....i was curious what their rates were so i went in and asked how much to touch up my tat on my back cuz its fading....and they quoted me $150-$200....i only payed $100 for the tat in the first place and have already gotten a quote for a $20 touch up so there ya go. On wednesday night we decided to check out "DJ Dynamixx" or whatever his name is at Dixies Dam Bar....WOW i was lonely in there. there was about 6 people in there max. the DJ was pretty cool tho he was playing shit from like the early 90s...when i was about 5 and my husband 12 so we we had a good time laughing about that...i was feeling pretty nostalgic. 

Bottom line is the hotel was just fine for my 3rd wedding anniversary because i'm not a picky spoiled brat. Sure I could have afforded to stay at the Bellagio or somewhere but I'm too down to earth for that crap and so Hooters was a great and fun experience. theres a real mix of people...and its very entertaining. I wouldn't recommend this place to everybody but give it a try.
This is a review of the hotel. 

I don't know why people are talking poorly of this place.  You really do get what you pay for.  It's not the MGM or Mandalay Bay - it's Hooters.  The room I stayed in was on the Ocean View tower (it's Vegas - there are no ocean views - I guess they meant pool).  The room was spacious.  The beds were doubles, not queens, but still comfortable.  There was just a sheet and a thin quilt on the bed, so maybe more sheets would have made it better.   The room was not a mess at all, and it didn't seem like it was falling apart.  It looked older and could be renovated, but it was still nice.   All except maybe the air conditioner, but it worked just fine. 

The only bad thing was the lifts in our tower were not working, so you'd have to hike it to the next tower.  A little bit of an inconvenience, but not too bad.  I guess I wasn't drunk enough. 

I got a great deal on this place, so I'm not complaining.

Again, you get what you pay for.
Vegas visitor beware.

Let me start with the good and the only reason/s this hotel was worth a crap.

1. it was free and comped to us by a friend 
2. their 9$ prime rib was waaaay better than the Planet Hollywood 40$ filet mignon I had.

Ok, now onto every other factor of this place. Hope your ready...

1. hotel itself = disgusting, smells like urine and raid EVERYWHERE. Its so bad that I notified the hotel security and he laughed and said "really!? wow, i guess ive been here so long I cant even smell it."

2. hotel security = bunch of idiots. we got locked out of our room, they would not let us back in even tho our IDs and personal effects that we could claim were inside. We had to go thru a stupid ordeal just to get allowed back in WTF!?

3. Elevators = all of them broke and I found out that they dont really ever get fixed. Not only that, their is tagging and graffiti all over the place. Where the hell is your pride of ownership? Not to mention everytime we went inside them we had to hold our breath because if it wasnt the urine smell it was the overwhelming smell of raid roach spray!

4. Dealers = i forgot her name but she was a total %&^%$ to us and made it completely un-fun to play they so we went and dropped a few hundred at PH Westgate instead, where we actually felt welcome

5. Carpets = stains all thru-out. Disgusting!

6. Room Service = incompetent. They delivered our food and then made us feel super bad because we didnt have EXACT change because guess what... they dont carry change on them when they deliver your food. Are you serious? She looked at me and went "you dont have change? ahhhhhhhh, i guess i can go back down and get your change if you really want me to" ... Are you ^%&^#ing joking me!? Of course I want you too idiot. I gave you an 18% gratuity to simply bring food to my door. You didnt cook it, you walked it up and dropped it off. So what? I should give you an extra 11 dollars cause you didnt bring change... BEAT IT!

Over all, I brought a celebrity here and this place is a fricking joke. I would think even with someone of class we would be treated better. Its miserable and the owners should be ashamed of their establishment. I was embarrassed for them. I have been all over the world and never felt more unwelcome and inconvenienced.

Owners - with all respect, i think its important you start communicating with your clients to hear and feel their disappointment. Feel free to contact me  danny@npmusic.com
This is all coming from a girl who just needs a relatively clean place, a bed that isn't concrete, air conditioning and running water in Vegas.  I don't need pretty, I don't need all that snotty stuff.

So I was originally going to stay at the Sahara... that's where I usually stay... it's cheap, easy, and on the strip.  But I saw the prices were comparable here (average of $50 a night, holiday weekend) and decided to give this place a try.

Things I like about this place:

~ You actually win in this casino.  My only thought is that it's like that because it's not on the strip.

~ The $1.50 Bud/BudLight/Bud Lime!  The best thing about the whole place.  The other beers cost $5.50. Yikes.

~ Photos of hot chicks everywhere.  Funny tho... I didn't actually see any hot chicks.  Except the one chick running cocktails to the gamblers... but she was the only one.

~ The beds are pretty soft and comfy.  Pillows leave something to be desired tho.  Bring your own if you are picky about your pillows.

~ The view I had... I was in the Oceanview tower and I wasn't facing the pool... I was facing the strip.  So I had this great view of the Luxor, New York New York, MGM, Excalibur... it was nice.

Things that left me wondering "WTF?":

~ The drainage issues, as mentioned in other reviews.

~ The batting in the comforter on the bed was all weird... it's like it was a duvet that wasn't properly attached or something.

~ The parking garage elevators.  I swear, we thought we were going to die in those things by falling through the floor or something.

All in all... it was a great trip.  In fact, I would choose this place over the Sahara.  The location is great.
This was our 3rd and final time ever staying here.  Our first stay was shortly after it opened, but sadly, the quality is really bad now. We have always known its not a 5 star hotel (Hotwire rates it a "3"... really?!) and never expected it to be, but we kept coming back because we really like the location - right near all the other big, popular casinos , how easy it is to get to your rooms, and loads of free parking. Realistically, it should now be 1 1/2 star rating.  Here's why - the air quality in the rooms is horrid, the bed smelled bad, the bed sheets smelled nasty, the carpet is stained and smells moldy.  When you wake up in the morning be warned -  you'll have a bunch of yuck in your throat.  

Maybe I'm being too harsh, a group of homeless people liked it enough to set up camp on the northeast corner.  They were nice - I mean the one passed out on the only sidewalk to get anywhere from Hooters moved out of the way quick enough when asked.  

The sidewalk (past the homeless people) you'll discover a gauntlet of trash, pee, hundreds of nasty cans, bottles, dirt, clothes, shoes, and food.  I know its not Hooter's responsibility to monitor this, but common sense should kick in here - it's THE ONLY SIDEWALK OUT and if I were in charge I'd send my own people there to clean up the trash and steam clean the sidewalk.  It would take 2 hours at the most.  Your guests use this sidewalk so its pretty much your porch and its terrible to have to walk thru this every time you want to go.

Shame on you Hooter's!
This is my review based off of a visit, not an actual stay at the hotel.  I love hooter wings, and I've been meaning to try this place out for a minute.  The inside of the casino/hotel looks basically like a big hooters restaurant.  They have the same tiki type decor all around, and the casino wasn't that huge compared to other hotels around Vegas.  I did eat at the restaurant.  I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed in the looks factor of some of the girls working there...I honestly believe the local hooters in my hometown had better looking servers (get real now, that's half the reason any guys go to eat here).  The service though was pretty good.  I landed a good deal on a $1.50 beer that day with my meal, and the wings were cooked perfect.  The fries could have been better though.  I was also interested in checking out the Punishment Athletics store Tito Ortiz has inside the hotel.  I was sorely disappointed on how small it was...basically the size of 3 kiosks combined together.  The prices of the shirts being sold in that store were a bit overpriced as well.  On the brighter side if you want cheesy hooters gear like shirts, calendars, and playing cards, they have a good selection of them inside the "Bait Shop."  Not sure if I am ever going to stay here based on the poor reviews from the other yelpers though.
This place was decent, not anything special. They do have good prices though, and the hot sauce they have is fantastic. That's about it, oh yeah and the women were not fine at all.
Last time I was in Las Vegas I visited the Hooters Casino because there were big billboards all over town that said "$100 Free Slot Play!".

The hotel / casino is off the strip so its a small drive...we figured it was worth the drive for a deal like that.  As you may know most of the big casinos offer free slot play to people who join their individual player clubs for the first time so it seemed like a great deal.

After driving and parking we waited in a big line to get our players club card and were instructed on which slot machines we could "play" our free slot money.  Turns out it was only on a small bank of "promotional" machines that you would only win a small amount of money if you hit one of those impossible jackpots.  The whole time we were there no one won anything.  Just like some other people have posted here it is pretty much false advertising...at least compared to other casinos.  

We also got a bunch of random casino coupons...one of them was a match play coupon for blackjack...I put 50 bucks down on a hand of blackjack with the coupon, won the hand and left the hotel with that money in my wallet.   

I have not been back.

:0)
I have had several experiences with this hotel.

The first was when the USA 7's International Rugby Tournament was in town and the opening night party was at the Hooter's pool. They did a good job of accommodating all of the wild partying. They even set up long tables for beer pong, flip cup and the like. Despite the freezing temperatures and the need to huddle under the outdoor heaters or in the hot tub, Hooter's did a good job keeping everyone happy.

The second experience was the next day when I went up to my friend's room (we were staying at the Motel 6 next door... see other review). I was expecting a trashy room with Hooter's orange all over the furniture. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, clean and did not smell like too many bad nights. The dark oak furniture and modest bedding gave the room a much classier look than the hotel's name would suggest. 

Fast forward 4 months when a friend and I booked a room at Hooter's for a 2-night stint in Sin City. We arrived mid-afternoon about an hour after check-in. We were checked into a room on a high floor with a partial mountain view and full pool view. After a long trek down the hallway to the very end, we couldn't get the key card to work. The lights on the door wouldn't even light up (red or green). We tried slow, fast, leaving it in, everything imaginable. 

Finally, I went down to the front desk and asked for a new card. Same problem. I went down again. New card. Same problem. My friend went down. New card. Same problem. Finally they sent a security guard up to help us. He tried our card and had the same problem (duh). Then several other guards showed up to help. So if you have ever wondered how many security guards it takes to open a hotel room door, the answer is 4. Our room key still didn't work so he finally tried his universal swipe card and gained access without a problem. He said that they have been having problems with this door all week. -Isn't that something? They knew the door didn't work but still decided to assign us to the room. - He then wished us well and started to leave. "No, wait!" I shouted from the bedroom area. I explained to him that we would still be locked out of our room without a working key card and door. We had no intention of staying in the room all weekend. We needed a working key. He seemed surprised like he hadn't thought of that. He said he would go down and take care of it. We hung out in the room and started getting ready for our night out as we were still in our comfy driving clothes. 

He returned 20 minutes later with a luggage cart and new room keys for a different room. He asked us if smoking was okay and we reluctantly agreed after we were assured that the smoke smell isn't that bad. 

He helped us haul our bags down to the new room and made sure the new keys worked. However, the room was practically dripping in cigarette stench. The whole ordeal had worn us out and the security guard was already going above and beyond his job description so we kept our mouths shut and thanked him.

They should have upgraded us to a suite for wasting our time and trying our patience but they insisted all of the suites were booked. I actually believe them because they only have a few. They are not a mega resort with entire floors full of suites.

The room was not as nice as the one my friend had been in despite the fact that it was the same rate level. Oh well, whatever. The shower was nice.

We finished getting ready and wandered down to the Hooter's restaurant. Not our first choice but after 5 hours in the car and 2 hours getting into the room. We were in town for my friend's birthday and the waitresses sang to her even though she asked that they didn't. Serves her right for even mentioning it. The server we had was the token pregnant Hooter's waitress. She was very nice and friendly. Her being pregnant and not trying to flaunt her sexuality (they even have special clothes for the preggo chicks) probably made her the best server because she focused on the customer instead of just exploiting tips from horny, drunk guys. On another note: Much love to Hooter's girls. I actually don't hate Hooter's or the image it strives for. More power to you girls. LOL.

After that we didn't do much in terms of using the hotel or casino. We went to other pools for our daytime lounging and other casinos to feed our addiction and other clubs to dance the night away. We slept and showered at Hooter's but that was about it.

Oh yeah, the parking garage is the best bet when parking although the elevators down to the casino are very dirty, smelly and frankly - just scary. The valet is very slow and definitely not worth the effort. You can stop in the valet station and no one will acknowledge you for 10 minutes. I swear. It has happened to me 3 times out of 3 attempts.
This review is for the casino only. I can't speak about the hotel or the food, but other reviews here lead me to believe I'm not missing much.

A few friends and I were staying at NYNY, and decided that we would try and find some cheaper blackjack tables to maximize our table time. We'd heard that the relatively new Hooters Hotel had $3 BJ tables, so we made the half mile or so trek from our hotel. What a waste of time. The way Hooters advertises it (giant banners down the side of the hotel proclaiming "$3 Blackjack 24/7!"), you'd think they would at least have several tables at this price. Nope. They had two $3 tables (both full of course), and all the rest were $10 and above.

In sticking with the company slogan of being "delightfully tacky", the casino area itself looked pretty low class. This is coming from someone who is most definitely NOT a high-roller, but for a fairly new hotel on the Vegas strip, this casino looked and felt out of place. Not a place I see myself going out of my way to visit again.
I like how its cheap, but does it really need to look cheap? It's as though they decided oh let's take over San Remo and add some cheap things to make it appear as if they are staying at a beach house in Vegas. They glued some wood to the wall for the headboard and cut(not a clean cut either) an uneven rectangle for the outlet. The signs that most hotels use to advertise conserving water has a nice approach but this sign says "Do you really need clean sheets/towels?" whoa...of course I do. Are you telling me that if that previous customer didn't touch that towel and left it folded, that you will leave that in there? Scary thought. Clean sheets is a must! Doesn't help that they had a burned cigarette hole in the comforter in a non-smoking room. But of course what do you expect from a room that was about $75 on a Saturday night during Halloween. Glad I only stayed there for one night
I have stayed here a few times. It's right behind Tropicana and across from MGM. I go to Vegas so much from San Diego that on last minute trips for kicks on my day off, we stay at Hooters cause it's cheap! Many times we have stayed there for only $20 a night! It's still around that when its not a holiday. 

It's your average run of the mill 3 star hotel with decent rooms and Hooters Bar and Restaurant and Mad Onion Restaurant. I love the oysters and chili cheese fries at the Hooters Bar and Restaurant. The Mad Onion has great prime rib dinner deals for $9.99. The last few times we went we got free drink and h'orderves each evening! Also got free breakfast buffet. What a deal! We have found a new place we like and have moved on up in the world so we only do the 4 or 5 stars now.

P.S. The Wheel of Fortune machine (.25 one) are the loosest I have ever played! I get three blanks a lot and its the only machine I have ever seen that pays you for three of nothing! (Note: I am not addicted to gambling although I go to Vegas so much you'd think I was. My mother thinks I am and she even asked my brother if I have a gambling problem. He said "Yeah!" Good grief! I don't. I love going for the food and the shows :)
The Casino is small and seedy. The kinda coyote ugly themed bar is nothing but plain and stupid. It's probably no surprise that Hooters Casino is awful. Have some dignity my friend, don't stay here and don't stop by.
Worst place to stay at.  Very dirty
Went here in Aug, very cheesy. What you expect from Hooters, enough said.
This was the first time we had ever eaten at a Hooters and it was actually a very pleasant surprise! The food was tasty and the service was good. I loved the shirt I bought at the store but I left it on the monorail which was VERY upsetting. 
I think I'll be back!
The service was a bit lacking, but then again what do you expect from a restaurant inside a casino? I decided to try the wings and they lived up to the hype I'd always heard. The wings were the only reason this place didn't get a one- or a two-star rating.
Not the best Hooters I've been to, but the wings were great as usual! The staff wasn't the friendliest, but I was not let down by the mozzarella sticks!
Ok, so I went in expecting the worst, and it wasn't all THAT bad. The staff was fairly pleasant, and would bring us whatever we requested (hangers, towels, soap, etc..) right away. But this does not include the servers in the two restaurants inside. They gave my friend and I the absolute WORST service we ever had EVERY single time we went to either of them. At least the food was fantastic.

We chose to have a smoking room so I'm assuming that's why our room looked extremely old and outdated. We only had two electrical outlets in the room; one in the bathroom and one by the end of the room near the window. Everything was unplugged as well, and being that we had limited outlets we had to sacrifice light for the sake of having our cell phones charged.  We also had no way of plugging in our TV so that option was scratched. The cheep beer made up for our frustrations, but come on..this need to be worked on. 

Ohhhhh! And our AC unit was from the Stone Age, and had apparently not been used for a while so we had a field day trying to get it to work. What a mission! We sweat pretty bad that first night, but thankfully we managed to get it started the next evening.
Hooters is a good place to go and have an ok time. There aren't too many blackjack tables and the cheap $3 tables they advertise are usually full. The bar has $1.50 bud, bud light, and bud light lime. This is cool but I'm used to cocktail waitresses bringing me beer for free expecting only a tip in return. The hooters restaurant is pretty good, depending on where you're sitting of course. Overall this place is just not that bad. If you can do well in the gambling here, then you'll have a good time. If not, you'll be bored at the least, and if you're loosing, then miserable. Luckily the parking is easy in and easy out. Except of course for the spaces being tight and people parking like morons=friday night, have to park high up.
This was my first experience with staying at the hotel and will be my last and it's all because of the check-in staff that made my trip start off on the wrong foot. 

You get good bang for you buck if you stay it since it's not too far if you don't have a car, it's across from MGM, next to Tropicana, which is across from Excaliber and NY, NY. Maybe, not the my extravagant hotels on the strip or the newest but it's affordable gambling to lose your money at blackjack, craps and roulette! At least you can spend hours here and not mere minutes. 

Back to the check-in staff! WORST EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD IN VEGAS! Come on...it's Vegas and a hotel near the strip where rooms are plentiful!  You'd think CUSTOMER SERVICE In LAS VEGAS would be on top of their game, right? Man, we were wrong! 

No reservation that was prepaid! On top of that, there was nothing the staff wanted to do about it except charge her a night's stay until it was straightened out in the morning. I don't think so for 2 reasons:

1) She had the confirmation email saying it was confirmed from Expedia
2) I had my own room, why would I have her pay when she could stay w/ me?

I think this person has cheap friends because she told me it wouldn't be fair if I let her stay in my room without having her pay anything since I paid for mine already. 

She was lazy because she wouldn't call Expedia herself so we did right in front of her who called her as we were looking straight at the her. It took about an hour to check in and I was one grumpy NY-er. 

DON'T DO IT! It totally wasted the sleeeeeeeeeeeep I needed for the Santa run.
C'Mon people.....this place is average. We stayed here because it was the only 3 star hotel under $100 a room the night before New Year's Eve. Check-in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful. We went to the Hooters restaurant in the hotel for wings and fries. Service was quick enough....food was good. 

We stayed in room 509 in the Bay View tower. The room was clean. Carpet is stained, but the bed and bathroom were fine. 

I was really worried about staying at this hotel aftger reading all of the awful reviews on here. If you're like me, please don't worry. As long as you aren't expecting the Wynn, you'll be fine. We have stayed at the New Orleans and the Sahara and our room here was better than both of those.
Ok- here's how this went down...

The Girl, her parents, The Boy and I are in Vegas- I insist on going to Hooters for dinner one night because I'm tired of all the foofy places that have been being suggested. We have a minor with us so we have to wait for a table in the kid's section, no big deal- I had no problem waiting.

What sucked was our waitress- I guarantee that she thought that because we weren't drinking and because we were sitting in the family section that she wasn't going to make money off of us- what she doesn't know is that I am a notoriously generous tipper...she should have tested the water instead of ignoring us, getting our order wrong and then trying to scam us.

They tossed The Boy's wings in the same sauce as mine- I ordered 3 Mile, he ordered BBQ- HUGE difference- when I pointed it out she didn't even apologize- just whisked them away and brought new wings. TWICE I had to go find her to bring us refills on our drinks- and then at the end of the night she charged us for things we didn't have and brought us some imprint of my credit card to sign...she brought me a BLANK imprint of my credit card to sign- no total, no nothing, just a blank license to take as much money as she wanted from me. I don't think so darling.

So in the end, she got a s****y tip, a dirty look and her self fulfilling prophecy was ultimately fulfilled. Congratulations lady! You ruined everyone's night! Good Job!
Inexpensive small hotel casino that offers little else.  The Hooters restaurant in this place is HUGE but I don't think the food is all that great compared to other Hooter restaurants.  Needless to say, pray that you don't get one of the older rooms overlooking the pool known as the bungalows...Instead opt for the Tower rooms and get the highest floor possible, trust me.

I stayed here while working on a fighter and he had connections to this hotel so I gave it a whirl (it was free).  As a "VIP" they brought up a gift basket containing a cheap bottle of wine and 4 Bud lights with peanuts and a Hooters 50cent wings coupon.  Really?  OK my expectations where floored after this.

The room is a typical Howard Johnson/Ramada Inn type of room with Tommy Bahama theme.  Nothing special but the Tower rooms were new and clean with a window air conditioner.  The Bungalow rooms were horrible.  The hallways stunk and were dirty, the rooms were old with sliding screen doors from the 70s.  They all had the Tommy Bahama theme but these rooms and floors were in trouble and need to be torn down.

The casino bar is literally bigger than the casino or poker room that was located next to the elevators and by the bathrooms.  Nice.  They have a Punishment Store (Tito Ortiz) that looks like a closet.  The staff is friendly but very young, like a bunch of young 18-21 year olds here.   The club here is non-existent but the pool is actually very cool with a huge water fall.  Definitely a shorts and T-shirt sipping on a bud light kind of place.
This review is for the restaurant only.  Crappy service, same food you can get at any other Hooter's restaurant, just 50% higher price.  Go if you want the food you're used to but be prepared to pay extra and don't expect service anywhere close to any other Hooter's restaurant.  

I also have to say that the waitresses in this location are sub par in the looks department.  Don't expect eye candy.

Regarding the hotel and casino, they are both shit holes.  I do like going to the bar to grab some $1.50 Bud and Bud Light bottles, but that's as far as I ever get in this place.  Great service at bar and super cheap beers.
This review is for the restraunt ONLY!! My best friend was dying for Hooters chicken...so we came here to get her fix. It wasnt too busy but seemed like our wait was longer then it should have been. Anyway typical hooters menu...I got my usual FRIED PICKLES!! They were good as usual!! Nothing to exciting or special here...and FYI the Hooters girls werent as HOOTERIFFIC as I thought they would be...I mean you would think its VEGAS!! Anyway that was my hooters experience in vegas!!
The only two things I come to Hooters for are the girls and the wings. Otherwise, you can easily get better food and service elsewhere. So I'm only going to review this Hooters against other Hooters I've been to.

Having said that, while the girls here are very attractive, they're definitely not as engaged as just about every other Hooters I've been to. That's a big one since part of the Hooters experience is how friendly the girls are. While the wings are just as good as the other Hooters, the menu does not give you the option of having your wings Daytona style, another thing that separates Hooters from other wing places. All in all, the only thing going for this Hooters is its convenience and proximity to the Strip. Otherwise, if you're driving, go to the one on Rainbow Blvd.
I've only came here briefly a few times to eat at Hooters restaurant and to shop at the Team Punishment store.  The store itself reminded me of a smaller hot topic.. meaning it was tiny and made me feel claustrophobic.  As always, any t-shirts i wanted to buy came in every single size but small.. bastards.. but they had a nice selection of women's apparel.  I lucked out and they were selling Hitman Fightgear tank tops for 50% off... and in size small!!!!
Review based on gambling only...

Off the strip prices, on the strip hotel. Very affordable casino, great for the budget minded partier like me. Cheap beers, low limit card tables, fast cocktail service (don't forget to serve these cuties tip!). After doing my typical casino tour of the nice hotels when visiting Vegas, this place surely stood out (don't call me Shirley!). 

The craps table had a dingy orange surface, the leather around the table was ripped, there was dust accumulating between the craps board and the dice cushion, the floor boards were falling apart, and the list goes on. But after a few drinks I didn't mind. The dealers were down to earth and friendly, the seats were comfortable, and the waitresses were prompt with my drinks and cute in their short shorts. 

I like to sit at the $10 Pai Gow table which is right next to the bar where the waitresses get their drinks. Granted it was a slow night but I must have got 5 drinks in 15 minutes, even turning down a few drinks! 

2-stars if you're sober, 3-stars if you've taken advantage of their drink specials. 2.4-sounds about right. I wont tell my friends I look forward to coming here, but Hooters will always be in the back of my mind.
JUST WANTED WINGS !!!
Sat at the bar and ordered wings.. service was ok BUT !!  I ordered HOT and they were not even close to hot. They charge like 1.25 for ANY sauce to dip, even the 1st one YIKES !!  Nothing says dont come back better than that. Next night we went to Dick's in Excaliber and had there wings  WOW !!  What a difference in wings and no charge for the dressing.
I will admit, the idea of booking a room at a hotel from a company that makes their money by marketing hot wings with big breasted women seemed a little bit scary, but with a smaller budget than usual, and a huge hankering to go to Vegas, I crossed my fingers and went with it...and was immensely pleased with my decision. 

The total cost of my room (split with a friend of mine and without the stupid resort fees) was 88 dollars for 2 nights. Now I don't know about you, but to me, that is a steal anywhere, and especially in Vegas. Again, I was worried that I had just thrown myself into a trashy, rundown dump of a place but again, I was wrong. The room was clean and comfortable, complete with a sliding door and dinky little patio, not good for anything, but great for airing out the room and letting in some fresh air. The beds were also came as surprise. They weren't the biggest beds I've ever seen in a room, but they were incredibly comfortable, and clean. Sheets were soft and felt washed. (I've stayed in other hotels where the sheets were "Clean" but smelled old and  musty). Even the bathroom was a nice once. Big shower, nice long counter top, comfy toilet. Only bummer was there was no fan to keep the air fresh, but then again, I was in the room so little, it didn't really come to my attention.

I was worried about location as well. It's off the strip, down Tropicana, but even then, it's only about a block from the main drag, and an easy block at that. It may be the last real "Casino" on Tropicana, but it's amazingly close to MGM, New York New York, Excalibur, and Luxor, all of which can be walked to in less than 5 minutes. 

The Casino itself is on the small side, with fewer tables and slots than most larger ones, but they do have 3 dollar blackjack 24/7, even if it's a little difficult to get on the table at 11 pm. But I'm not a huge gambler and rarely gamble at the hotel I stay at so the small atmosphere didn't bug me in the least.

Not too many complaints then other than some of what others have said. Parking is easy to get to and close to the hotel but the garage is oddly designed, and covered in random places with annoying speed bumps, the outer elevators are, as someone else stated, creepy: they're dirty, scratched, and oddly cold, kinda like a horror film (but then again the ride is like 10 seconds each way, and you're in the actual car for so little, you forget these things as soon as you enter the casino). And finally, while the garage is close to the casino, the elevators are all the way in the back so if you have a lot of luggage, be prepared to lug it all the way from the rear of the casino to the check in counter all the way at the front. 

Simply put Hooters is the best value for your hard earned cash. Sure, you could go spend 200 or 300 a night on a room at the Aria, or Caeser's palace, or you could save all that money for other things and book a cheap cheap, quality room at Hooters.
Went here out of Starvation/desperation, after hitting the sportsbook for a quick wager. We weren't in the mood for wings being that we ate the night before at Buffalo Wild Wings (which by the way Hooter doesn't hold a torch to)..Opted for a burger and philly cheese steak sandwich instead.

This was probably the blandest Philly cheese steak sandwich I've ever eaten in my life. My fries were worse than frozen ora Ida out the bag from walmart. My BF said the burger was just as bad. I found a bottle of hot sauce on the table and proceeded to dump it all over my sandwich...still no flavor, seriously not even the onion or grilled peppers tasted like anything, how is that even possible? The best thing in that meal was my Heinz ketchup.

When the check came our waitress asked how the food was, I told her it was really bad and had no flavor...Her response :." Yeah I know they don't season the food I stick to the wings" ...I wish I had heard that gem before I ordered.

But the extra bonus of the evening was watching the pregnant hooters girl in shorts delivering food to table.. OH EM GEE.  P.S. I took pics! lol

Avoid this place like the plague..
Ordered the hot wings twice and both times they came with feathers, asked for the manager and the manager apologized only once and said it happens from time to time ( if this has been happening don't you think it should be fixed by now) Our food was brought out 30 minutes after and by that time everyone at our table food was already cold and most of us lost our appetite. The manager never came back to check on the food, the food runner had an attitude and the sever spent more time flirting with the table next to us than checking up on our returned food, the only thing good during my visit was our drinks. We frequently go to the Hooters in Anaheim, CA and we have never had something like this happen to us or received such unprofessional service.
Last minute trip to Vegas? Looking for a Cheap Hotel? Hooters is your best bet! The rooms are alright.... there is absolutely no view outside the windows.... but who really spends that much time in their hotel room in Vegas anyways?? The price for a room over MLK Weekend was $90. Not bad for a really busy weekend. The only thing was I felt like I couldn't really walk around without my shoes on... until I had a few shots of vodka, but can't really expect that much out of Hooter's right? And awesome drunk munchies (Wings and $3 breakfast) at 4am right downstairs! And that's always necessary for a Vegas hotel to have!
Draft shouldn't be blank.
Came here after an epic night in vegas and was craving some of the best wings on earth.  Mind you we are regulars at the infamous mission valley (San Diego) hooters, so we had very high standards for hooters.  We each ordered the 20 piece hot wings for the typical price of $16.99 and some fries.  Wings were done the hooters trade mark greasy way which was tasty but everything is tasty during a hangover.  What gave this hooters such a low rating was not the food but the bad and none existent service.  Our server Laura seemed incompetent to handle the 4 tables she was incharge of.  I think its unfair to give the this place of great food a 2 star rating because of 1 chick but since there isn't a separate grading scale on yelp for servers i'll just have to make do.  thank laura for these 2 stars!
Stayed here for three nights if you are looking for a cheap place to stay and plan on enjoying all that Las Vegas has to offer other than this place and just need a place to sleep and shower then this is your place. It is not bad but I wouldn't let my mother stay here. You know the old saying you get what you pay for and at 40 dollars a night that is true here.
BED BUGS!!!!!

Two words that accurately describe Hooters!  I still have the marks to prove it!  Still itching after my horrible stay!

I came to Vegas to attend a convention at the MGM and Hooters was inexpensive and convenient since I can walk across the street to MGM for my workshops.  After the first night of staying at Hooters, I went to my workshop and was scratching throughout the day.  Another night's stay at Hooters and it got worse.  The room we stayed in was infested with bed bugs.  We were on the 12th floor.

We called them to complain and apparently Hooters knew they had bed bugs on the 7th floor.  Apparently they didn't know they also had them on the 12th.  You'd think if they knew they had bugs on the 7th, they'd really try hard to make sure none of the other floors were infested.

They were in my suitcase (don't EVER leave your case on the floor) and clothes.  I had to decontaminate everything including washing out my suitcase.  They little buggers hide in cracks and crevices and I had to make sure none of them hitched a ride home or my house would be infested.

Yes Hooters was inexpensive and convenient but NEVER NEVER will I stay at this place.  I'm seriously still itching from the scratches.  My right arm had a total of 11 bites.  My left arm had a total of 7.  My right leg had 5.  My left leg 3.  Back five.  Face, one.

DISGUSTING!!!!
Not sure it deserve a star, We were there for wings, and beer. Here is how it all played out. We ordered drinks and an appetizer to start. She brought the wrong beer, we wanted bottle, no biggie until she said "well it is cheaper....." pretty sure we didn.t care. anyways, waiting twenty minutes, for the appetizer mind you, never saw the server again. then.... we got up and left. on the way out, someone(the nicer of the two here) decided to at least pay for the beer. got the manager, when he went to print the check, the food wasn't even put in yet..... never again hooters... never again ( ps..... not even an I am SORRY)
Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
This is no high class joint.  The elevators to the parking garage is down right scaawwry.  The casino is like being in an actual Hooters in your favorite garage sale, NASCAR-loving white trash town.  This place actually smells like chicken wings.
That being said...for the price you can get this for on Priceline, you can't beat it.  It is close to the excitement on the south strip and the rooms are clean and average....a decent place to crash when you come back from having fun at other casinos.
So, a Hooter's in Las Vegas would be really over the top, right?  The Nexus of Sin meets The Strip Mall Equivalent, should be antimatter versus matter in a no-hold's-barred test of tits, right?

Boring, incompetent staff, stupid wait for a seat at the bar... but A-plus on tolerance and good-humor.  They dealt with a real winner at one end of the bar who, in Jersey, gets thrown out with a smack upside the head.  It's nice to see people being nice to stupid animals.

The burger was good, actually not a bad place for cheaper eating options but I'd be inclined to skip it, and it ranks low against other incarnations of the franchise.

-C
This review is for the restaraunt: Cold fries, smelly fish tacos, and a cheeseburger that seemed mooshy and seemed to be composed primarily of soybeans or other fillers, not meat. The wings were good, though. The casino is homey and fun, though the tables are usually too busy to get on easily. I'd give the casino more like 4 stars as the staff are nice, the service good. But not the restaurant...
Uhm... I'm not even sure what to say about this place. It was uhm interesting. Friends are staying here for the week, and their room smelled gross. They basically had to constantly keep their door/window open to let the room air out. The hall smelled like urine. The rooms itself looks a little outdated, but the beds were comfy so i guess thats one positive thing. I personally wouldn't stay here. Ever. I'm really not that picky, this place just sucks. Yeah, sure, hooters rooms are cheap, but you get what you pay for... I guess if you intend on staying here, come here with an open mind, or shit-faced so you can't remember how shitty your room was haha. After all, thats the point of coming to Vegas, right?
Can't expect anything good from a place that's based on T&A as their selling factor.  The burger is claimed to be hand formed daily and they ask how you like it cooked. I asked for medium and got well.  Sent it back and got well again.  I just asked the manager if I could walk out and he said okay.  Just a bad experience.
Okay where do I start my overall experience was a diaster.  Having stayed at so many hotels in Vegas I must say this was the worse.  First off they give us the wrong room we made reservations for two. We asked for a roll away bed they decided to give this to us the morning that we were checking out. They never answered when we would call for services they did not accomodate us. You would think you would get good service what you pay for. I know cant ask more for a cheesy theme for a hotel but seriously thought theyd be professional about their business. They made our stay far from enjoyable and comfortable. There wasnt enough staff far as waitress never received service while we were gambling. I just have to say I would never go back In my experience wouldnt recommend it . I would rather sleep in my car hope this was helpful to you.. They get  a Big F
So I travel a lot here for work and have stayed at Sams Town and some of the lower places but this one is at the dead bottom . I thought I had out smarted my paps and found a better deal and closer place but turned out he had the nicer place farther away for less $ , Note to self Hooters Hotels is a NoGo 
d
I stay at this hotel pretty often. This is why:

- Price (usually one of the cheapest in the area, I once got $30 a night rooms over a weekend, in the off-season). Suites and jacuzzi suites (REAL jacuzzis, not sad, fancy bathtubs that 2 people can't sit in) are pretty affordable too! Those also have wet bars with minifridges.

- Location, just off the strip!

- 24/7 pool and jacuzzi

- Friendly service

- Spacious, clean rooms

Cons:

- Room service food is pretty shitty. Nothing has any flavor, and they always miss something ( a spoon, more coffee cups, etc).

- Not much of a variety of restaurants

- Although they're clean, the facilities are pretty old, and run down in some areas.

- Bored, overstaffed security who do things like question you if you go outside in the alley to talk to a friend in private. 

- Inconvenient parking with scary elevators

I know that bedbugs are a different story, but I don't understand all the hating going on here. You get what you pay for, this place is clean, and it's a steal. No spa, gym or water show like the fancier hotels, but if you want a cheap place to stay that's worth the money, this is where I usually look when I'm on a budget. 

They brought back 25 cent chicken wings at the restaurant downstairs, too!
Hooters has a sign that takes up an entire side of their hotel that advertises their 24 hour $3 blackjack game. The funny thing about this huge ass sign is that it fails to mention that there is only ONE $3 blackjack table in the entire casino, and that is has shitty 6:5 odds, no re-buys, and that it will always be crowded. The casino here is small, sticky, and everything smells like chicken wings.

If you've ever been to a Hooters restaurant, just imagine all the worst and horrible things about it, stick a blackjack table in it, and allow people to sleep and stay in your restaurant. That's how bad this place is. At least by visiting this once, I now know, and don't ever have to correctly assume to never come back here again.
I have stayed here many times, but I will now find somewhere else to stay.

The front desk people are never very friendly.  

Our first room of this last visit was nasty.  The bathroom tile was coming up and the door hinges were rusty and the paint was coming off the wall near the tub.  The tub had grout coming off.  No continuing maintenance is going on.  
Our A/C did not work and we had to be transferred at 11:30 pm to another room.  This means that the maid did not report it not working or that they did not fix it.

Our second room was almost as bad.  The bathroom was in the same sorry shape, but the room was nicer.  

The Casino is always fun and great priced for being small and off the strip.  The pool can get a little crowded, but the pool bar and hooters restaurant overlooking the pool are fun.

I won't be back until some remodel is done.  Going to try the "New" Tropicana.
I just recently went to Vegas and while taking pictures at New York hotel I noticed Hooters in the distance. I jumped at the chance to go there. It's off the Strip. I try not to venture off the strip if possible but it's Hooters. Great service and lovely ladies. I had their bleu cheese burger and I thought it was awesome. Their wings? Geez no wonder they are famous for it! Wow! Yummy!
This hotel in my opinion, is a hidden gem! People may think that the Hooters hotel would be a trashy one, but it is quite the opposite. It has fabulous tropical themed rooms! they were very clean and comforatable as well! They allowed us late check out- all the way till 2pm. They also have a 24 hour pool and Jacuzzi open 365 days a year, with bonfire pits as well. What a place! The only bad was the resort fees and I was kinda bummed that they rave and pride themselves about having a heated pool all year long, but it was ice cold while I was visiting in January, besides that, love it, and what a price! :)
Fried pickles are too salty, cole slaw is blah, and the bun on the buffalo chicken sandwich is useless. Go to a Hooters closer to home...it will be much better than this. Here, it's shuffle you in and get you out quick.
Hooters is surprisingly nice. The rooms were completely decent and although the hotel is a tiny bit off the strip, it's a great place to stay if you're on a budget but still want a nice room. The gambling is cheap, I think it was 5 dollar buy ins, and 25 cent chicken wings for a post drunken chow fest. 

This hotel is perfect for the summer when you can gamble cheap all day here and then walk over to the mgm lazy river. 3 hoots for hooter!
If budget is your only concern than by all means stay here, but if you could spare an extra $10 a night, stay somewhere else! You have been forewarned!  Place is run down and still under contruction.  I saw dudes working on every floor doing various minor cosmetic and some major cosmetic repairs!  Made me weary.  but I should have known from the start what I was in for just from their tiny a$$ parking lot!  then their old and very unstable elevator ( felt like ppl were shaking it).  The rooms/hotel had a stale smell.
do not stay unless u on a tight budget!! I know repeated! =)  but have fun!
On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a bachelor's party, and Hooters is where they guys wanted to stay. Though I prefer to lodge elsewhere, I didn't want to separate myself from the group, so I took a deep breath, and dived into the place that I was so happy to check OUT of a couple of days later. 

My feeling of dejection began the moment we pulled into the garage. Everything is tightly packed in the garage, so each time we turned a corner to ascend to the next level, I had to close my eyes out of fear of that we'd scrape the car against a pillar, or another vehicle. In the garage, there's an elevator, which takes you to the casino level of the main building. The elevator is as dirty and raggedy as something you'd see in a rundown portion of an old NYC subway station. Unlike many other hotel/casinos, which have adequate ventilation systems, to counter the smoke, this casino floor smelled like a tobacco factory. I will give credit to the check-in staff, however, they were very friendly, and a pleasure to interact with! The rooms were ok, nothing special, but it was clean, no bad smells, and I did have a decent view of the strip (8th floor). It's an older no-frills place, so I wasn't expecting marble floors and stone counter tops, so I was ok with what was there. The only issue that I had inside of the room was the shower. The shower heads have only one pressure setting, and it feels like needles pricking your skin. Otherwise, the accommodations where aligned with the pricing of the facility. 

I'd say there's a very low likelihood that I'll ever lodge at Hooters again. For me, it's definitely more worthwhile to spend the extra money and stay someplace directly on the strip, with a higher star rating. For the drunken Las Vegas visitor, who just needs a place to sleep, then this is the place for you. Again, despite my dislike for the place overall, I give kudos to the check-in staff for maintaining customer service competence, regardless of the surroundings.
I love Hooters. And it's not just because I have them...haha. No but seriously, I don't know why so many bad reviews. I've stayed here several times and its cheap, good food and close enough you can walk to the strip. The rooms have always been nice, the pool is big and I've won decently here several times (though we are talking slot machines, not tables). Plus, theres a little hooters gift shop. Personally, I like it here.
PLEASE READ: DO NOT EAT HERE!

STAY AWAY!

I have never written a negative review usually yelp has it right and I dont bother to waste my time. But I must write a review about this Hooters.

I WOULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS IF I COULD!

COLD FRIES (2.59)
MOZZARELLA STICKS STILL FROZEN INSIDE (6.99)
BURGERS - MEAT LOOKED LIKE FROZEN CAFETERIA PATTIES (9.99)
LETTUCE IN BURGER WAS VERY WILTED AND BROWN
WINGS: OKAY COULD HAVE BEEN CRISPIER AND HOTTER (8.99)

The service was pretty good, but I feel bad for the girls that have to work there and serve this crap that they call food.

I think I may never go to Hooters ever again ANYWHERE.
This place is GHETTO! The casino is tiny; in fact, while we were there, a guy asked us where the rest of the casino was. One redeeming factor for this place is Mad Onion and it's sweet chicken wings deal. Other than that I'm pretty sure I have no other reason to go back.
Oh gosh I actually stayed here last year for $29 for 3 nights and man the rooms were scary and trashy. The windows were so dirty you could not see out of. However, the actually casino is tacky trashy and cheap to drink in. Which is what you should expect from something created by Hooters. Also it is defiantly better to spend time in than some of the old style cheap Vegas places like Sahara, Flamingo, and Riviera. Plus there are interesting things to see here too ;)
Customer service was good; however, if your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
Not really impressed with the actual Hotel part of Hooters. I stayed here one night under a comp from work, probably wouldn't go back on my own dime though to stay here. 

The front desk staff was pretty nice and quick about getting us our rooms, but once i got up the room i was not impressed at all. The room is outdated (expected it from pictures online). I do like that, for the most part, it was clean. I found the bed to be decent at best, definitely not anything to rave about, but it wasn't disgusting by any means

Downstairs in the casino area is pretty fun though. They still had the $1.50 Bud Light special i heard some friends talking about when i got there so i had a couple of those and then some fries to snack on downstairs. Not the best place to grab food i must say, but you can't beat $1.50 beer! The bar tenders are always nice too, very quick and efficient and they don't screw up anything. Always checking up to make sure my group didn't need anything as well. 

Looked like lots of people were enjoying the pool, which did look pretty cool, especially at night. It wasn't a bunch of rowdy drunks either, most of the people seemed to just be relaxing and having a good time poolside with some drinks. 

The location of the hotel isn't that great. It's just slightly off the strip, the MGM is right across if you want to take the monorail, but you'll probably need a Taxi to go to any of the bigger hotels. But then again, that's why this hotel is by no means pricey. 

All in all, i think the Hooters hotel is a better place to hang out, gamble and have drinks than it is to stay. If you want a budget room than this hotel isn't bad, you'll get a decent room at a really good price. But this is definitely more of a party and bar place then it is a hotel to me.
I was pleasantly surprised at how satisfied I was staying at Hooters.  At first I was embarrassed to tell anyone I was staying at this ridiculous place -- but for the money, it's hard to beat.  I got a deal through Expedia: 3 nights and flight from San Francisco for under $300.  I expected the place to be obnoxious, ultra sexist, run-down and sleazy -- but it was nothing less than a standard, decent, clean, spacious room with everything you'd expect in a moderately priced hotel.  No strange hairs, no used condoms, no unusual wear.  It even had a safe in the room, which I was a bit surprised to see.  I never went to the pool and I never used room service, so I can't vouch for those.  I mean really -- I wasn't there to enjoy chicken wings and chicks in orange '70s-influenced get-ups.  I was there for an affordable, comfortable, convenient place to recharge between gambling at the REAL hotel-casinos.  And that's exactly what I got.  I highly recommend it.
SLOW SERVICE....the food was gross, chicks(waitresses) weren't hot and a bit rude also, maybe it was a bad night, but I been to the one in san diego and that was a WAYYYY better experience, food wasn't great there either but at least the waitresses were hot looking and they were very attentive and courteous.
On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a wedding and my birthday, and this is where i chose to stay.  BAD IDEA !!  This place is for the birds.  What a dump !  Avoid staying here at all costs.  Im giving it two stars only because the casino has really low limits on there tables.  And the pool actually looked descent.   So i requested a Non smoking king bed room in their tower for a pretty good deal.  This is how i was lured in (low prices) we were working with a budget this trip.  I get there to check in and they tell me they don't have a non smoking king room in the tower.  (even though i had called a few days prior to make sure it was reserved)  Idiots !!
So i settle with a smoking king room on the 3rd floor.  Get in the room and the first thing i notice is the industrial AC unit for the whole casino/hotel is outside our balcony and its humming like a tractor. FUCKKK NO !!  so i go ask for a new room right away.  Finally a different guy gets us a non smoking room w/ king bed in the tower on the 10th floor.  much better, but still the rooms are only a step above motel 6.   

Tip: you end up spending more money taking cabs to the strip every night than it would cost to upgrade to a nicer hotel/casino.  Spend the extra cash to get a better room at a better hotel.  

The food was ok, takes a long time for a "to go" order.
beers were cheap.

bottom line: stay somewhere else if you can afford it.  Hooters is good for gambling only !!!!!
REVIEW FOR $.25 WING DEAL ONLY. TERRIBLE!! These wings were not the same Hooters wings you get at a Hooters restaurant. Don't be fooled. You must order in multiples of 10 and order a soda or budlight beer which is $1.50. I ordered 10 medium wings. They tasted stale and there was absolutely no flavor. If you want some flavor order the hot, which were more like a mild. Ranch or blue cheese on the side was $1 extra. Totally not worth the 30 minute wait or the horrible/slow service. If these were the same delish Hooters wings that you get at the actual Hooters restaurant, then I would say it's an amazing deal but in this case you get what you pay for.
Very Plain and nothing exciting. Don't waist your time doing the $100 free slot play sign up promotion.
I should have listened to all the reviews and stayed away from here. Here are my pros (few) and cons (several):

Cons:
-They don't sell the $1.50 Bud Lights here.
-There was not a blonde, large-breasted waitress in sight. Honestly they all looked like they were fresh out of high school.
-Service was definitely lacking. Asked for a water and didn't receive it and had to ask again.
-Food was super bland. The wings were not "hot" by any means.
-There was a line out the door and it took forever to be seated, even though there were two hostesses and several open tables.

Pros:
-To be honest, I can't even think of one. I was expecting so much more from the Hooters in the Hooters casino.

Save yourself the time and money and go elsewhere.
I would definitely stay here again. I wasn't expecting luxury by any means but I also wasn't expecting it to be as decent as it was. We needed a last minute place to stay and booked a room for that night for $50. You get what you pay for, and those that complain about how grungy it was should have known that when they booked it. It is pretty far off the strip, but not nearly as far as Hard Rock. They sell $1.50 Bud Lights at the bar inside which is always a plus. I joined the Owl Club to get the $200 free slot play. I didn't win anything but I didn't lose anything either. The people that worked the counter were friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and had a television, what more can you ask for? Like I said, I definitely would stay here again when I was looking for a cheap hotel option in Vegas.

Oh and just a warning, the walls are REALLY thin and you can hear pretty much everything going on in the room next to you. If you are going to Vegas for a quiet experience you are in the wrong place anyways.

Also, DO NOT go to the Hooters inside the hotel. Its absolutely awful. (see my other review)
Over the years my friends (mostly the male ones) would request to go to Hooters to eat. I would always so no because well this didn't seem like my type of joint (i.e. the uniforms that the girls are required to wear).  

Anyway, so when my roommate told me that we were staying at the Hooters Hotel, well, I really had no choice but to eat here. What are my thoughts now of this establishment? 

The Food: Eh, it's okay. I did try the Hot Wings and I really don't understand people's obsession with them.  The greasiness really just overtakes the chicken flavor. I really disliked that they charge $1 for side-sauce. C'mon! Wings + ranch is a must, therefore they must be sold together, not separate. For shame. 

The Service: Was on point! Our waitress Karen got everything out on a timely manner & was really nice to us ladies.  

The Girls (because isn't that why men come here?): Not as bad as I imagined.  After going to the Tilted Kilt, the Hooters uniforms are saintly. I'm not sure whether a man or woman designed the outfits, but I'm guessing a man did because they're definitely a throw back to the 90's.  The girls looked like my 90's barbie dolls, you know, Theresa, Barbie, Staci with the scrunchy socks and high waisted shorts.

Will I come here again? No, the food wasn't that great. If I were a guy, I guess I would. The girls are friendly.
Although I admire them for their attempts to improve their hotel, and did what they could to help get people to go there, I'd like to say that their service is HORRIBLE. First off, their hotel was advertised on a magazine, and was suggested as one of the pools to experience. So my group of friends thought to try something different. We get there, not only do they tell you that you have to rent a room to go in the pool (because ceasars and hard rock let the public swim for free without having to rent a room), but when they advertise the 25 cent chicken wing deal they hide the actual terms in fine print as if they were sleazy salesmen. You have to first, sign up for a players card to get the 25 cent deal. Then, you have to buy a 10 wing minimum. Then after the bad service and EXTRA and I do not exaggerate the EXTRA greasy chicken wings you find what you thought was a deal turned to be a hefty check after they ring up $1 PER RANCH SAUCE, $1.50 PER NON REFILLABLE DRINK, $1 per to go box which can only limit ten wings per box. If you have 15 wings you HAVE TO GET TWO. So I mean at the end of the night, you lost your appetite for good wings, and you walk away with horrible experience because the service was bad, the people were rude, and the charges were ridiculous. I mean its not even a top rated hotel. Obviously. 

The only cool thing was that the pool was open late night if you are down for a late night swim and the pool is nice, and rooms are REALLY CHEAP. Sso I'll leave my review for that hotel with two stars.
As far as casino hotels go, this one isn't the best and surprisingly the majority of the hooter's girls here aren't even that special or sexy.

I keep coming back for the guaranteed 24/7 $3 blackjack tables that are always fun for me to play at.  I swear I could play for days on end if people don't pry me away.
SSSSSsssssshhhhhhhhhhh.............. DON'T TELL ANYONE. I like Hooters. 

So, here's the story: We booked a great bargain at the Hilton, but it was only two nights. We needed a place to stay for our last night in Vegas, and we wanted something cost effective and close to the airport because of our ultra-early flight out. Hooters fit the bill. It's at the far South end of the strip, so the cab ride to McCarran is quick. It isn't fancy and there are cheap rooms to be had, so we tried it. 

The guy at the registration desk couldn't have been nicer. We asked for a nonsmoking king on a high floor, and he delivered. We had an amazing view of the Tropicana, Excalibur, and the roller coaster at New York New York. The room was BASIC, but OK. 

You can walk across the street to the MGM and that's what we did for most of the day. 

In the evening, we went back to the Hooters Casino, and guess what? We had a blast!!!! The minimum bets are LOW, so playing feels like PLAYING. It's not as serious as at the high-end casinos. The crowd is young and you don't feel like you have to be "world champion" level to play the tables. Let's face it, I'm not a serious gambler, nor would I want to be, so the atmosphere at Hooters was just my speed.
Wasn't entirely happy with the customer service but at the same time you get what you pay for. I will be staying at the Tropicana next time definitely. 

PLUS: 25cents wings after midnight and the Hooters restaurant was awesome. Eye-Candy and good grub.

Hopefully they work out the kinks here. It could be a great establishment.
Went to go eat at Hooters, since chicken wings was definitely going to hit the spot after a night of partying. I must point out that our server Tammy, was the shit. I've never had a waitress that was so on top of her game it was unbelievable. Took our order with a quickness, got our drinks, and refills promptly without us even once asking for a refill. It was as though less than half of a drink was gone, and we had a refill. We'd think of something we needed, then it was like she read our minds, and two minutes later it was on our table the next time she stopped by to check up on us. No matter what it was, straws, forks, plates, to-go boxes, the whole nine yards, we didn't have to ask for a thing. even the bartender checked up on us a couple times, and asked if we needed anything, but there Tammy was right behind her with whatever we needed.  The best service i've ever had anywhere in Vegas. and of course the food is always delicious. 

Cheers to Tammy and Hooters :)
The rooms are clean & the air conditioning works great! Prices are pretty good & the more you play there, the better deals you can get. I've had good & bad experiences with the counter people @ check-in & out.

There are multiple pools - all with different temperatures & a bar located by the pools. 

The location is awesome. I love gambling @ MGM, but don't want to pay the prices to stay there. It's about a $10 ride to the airport.

The casino atmosphere is fuuuun. The music is great, the Craps table gets busy as soon as it opens. The roulette tables light up, which is definitely entertaining. (Play 29!) Poker area isn't the largest - usually only one table open so there are definitely better places to play that :) 

Two bars - one in the front and one halfway through the casino floor.

The actual Hooters restaurant has GREAT food. Their wings are simply amazing. You can order all drumsticks if you want for like 10 cents each. The wait can be a little long, but the service is typically decent.

The Mad Onion restaurant inside is open 24 hours & they have some great deals, but the service is shotty & the wait can be FOREVER. They say they make the same wings as the restaurant, but they don't taste like them at all. The old restaurant used to be great, but since the name change & I'm assuming the new staff, it SUCKS.

Overall: good, clean, cheap place to stay.
Hooters are always very nice.  We often like to observe, play, and experiment with them.  This goes for the hotel too, where I stayed in a recent 'Vegas trip with the girls.  The first time I went to 'Vegas I stayed at a high-end expensive hotel, which was very classy and nice, but this time I decided to take a dip in the deep end--of the strip I mean, because Hooters is at the edge.  

First of all, let me highlight the FREE PARKING!  That is just truly amazing.  All parking spaces were conveniently located near an elevator entrance too.  After a long, hot, too-much-information-gathering drive, a quick exit to our future weekend home was highly appreciated.  

Next, check-in was a breeze!  Quick, easy, and friendly--Hooters knows how to start off the experience.  By that, I mean the woman who probably knows how to start off a good quick, easy, and friendly night.  I'm just kidding kids!  The staff members are appropriately dressed, super helpful, and you would never think you were in a frat hotel, because that's what we thought it would be like.

On the way to our hotel room, which was in the Ocean Breeze corridor (how relaxing), was just a few minutes away past the convenience shop.  

Although Hooters exceeded my expectations, I'm not sure I need to go back.
This review is for the casino, i've never stayed in the hotel.

I live around the block from this place at city center.  I generally don't like or frequent the whole southern strip area.  Had a night off and not much to do so on a lark i wanted to stop in to see for myself just how bad this place is (based on the reviews).  

I sat and played blackjack for a few hours and the dealers were cute and friendly.  Easy to find a low limit double deck table on a Friday!  Also the players at the table were friendly as well.  I straight up asked the dealer why they were so friendly and one was like "I like working here....and also we're one of the  few places where dealers still keep their own tips" =)    Cocktail service was great as well.

Was a fun way to kill a few hrs.  I'm a fan and i'll be back.

Not sure about previous comparisons of this place to Fremont Street are...in my book that's a positive!  =)
Wow! OK, so this is starting to become our annual trip to Vegas. July 8-12. Last year Tropicana :( This year HOOTERS!

I have to say this place ROCKS!

PROS:
$1.50 BEERS:  At every CASINO BAR including $1.50 drafts at the POOL BAR. Also, they have recreated a mid west style bar where you can sit all night with cheap beers watching sports, playing video golf and placing bets at sports book 10 feet away. (FINALLY SOME ONE GETS IT!)

POOL AREA:  Open 24/7, No BS security (as long as you use common sense and aren't a jackass).  Down to earth staff, & guests.

BEDS!: VERY COMFORTABLE MATTRESS. Lack of bedding made me desire a little, but good night sleep.  Rooms are clean and AC ROCKS, sometimes too much; but hell it's freaking Vegas. I'd rather have too much than none!

LOCATION: I enjoy me some walking strip action, but HATE dealing with mega resort mazes. This place is quick, easy to find and a $10 cab ride way from the madness. 

MAD ONION: $.25 WINGS AFTER MIDNIGHT. Great drunk food. Gotta wait like 20 min, but once in.  :)  Plus i hear they have other signature meals for $9.95 (Prime Rib). 

CONS:
PORCH DOGS BAR: Avoid this place like the chick with mouth sores! They consider it a restaurant and no $1.50 beers. Plus you have to be seated for food, & although I love me some HOOTERS grub. This place is off the mark. STAY AWAY FROM PORCH DOGS.

RESERVATIONS: Great people, somewhat good prices; but you really have to look closely at $ on check in / out. I found a pricing error  (On line Summer of Choices promo pricing of $59.00 for Friday July 8, 2011. Was charged $99. I brought this to the check in gal's attention. She was VERY polite and a phone call later to confirm & pricing was corrected.  Now, most guests would have missed it..


This place REALLY stood out to me because of it's overall value. I hope to come back here every year.

And as aways friends and neighbors remember when it comes to food, drink, and overall value.....  "ALWAYS TRUST A FAT MAN!" 

Cheers,

Pat Walters
Anaheim, CA
The Hooters hotel, when it first opened, seemed like the most genius idea ever to me. I mean, all you had to do is take the concept they had for Hooters restaurants and expand it, right? Yes, and no, but mostly yes. 

First of all, this hotel isn't upscale at all, nor does it pretend to be. It's pretty no-frills, with the main attraction being that Hooters concept. It works just fine, as the place is just very beach-y without being dumb. I don't know if that makes sense when I write it out, but it makes sense when you come to this place. 

As a local, I appreciate that this resort is near the Strip without it being right there in all the action... that is, I like that I can go in right after leaving UNLV and then heading back out on Trop without hitting too much Strip craziness. 

Now, on to my review of the Hooters restaurant: I love the restaurant. I love the wings. I love that the girls are flirtatious. I love that the beers are always ice cold. I love that there are no crazy vegan options to clutter the menu. The restaurant is clearly geared toward dudes, which makes it even more appealing to me. The wings here, though, are the main show. They have different levels of hotness for you to sample from, and none of them disappoint. Even the hottest ones are still super delicious. Plus, the waitresses are really on. They know what they're doing, and they have a great level of service here, probably better than any of the other Hooters' I've been to.
Stayed 2 days 7/9-7/11 Omg this was the worst hotel in vegas that i ever stayed at. I wasn't asking for too much but a fridge and a up to date tv would have been nice in the room...i booked the room through hotels.com and i should have had my antennas up when i saw that they were giving up the room at $37 a night but i also didn't think that hooters would degrade themselves like this. First of all i reserved a room with double beds which was unavailable (isn't that what reserve means?) so being that they didn't have my requested room available they put me in a room with one bed and had the nerve to say it was 10 extra dollars!!! Wth?? because supposedly it was strip view which that was an understatement then they asked for a $50 deposit the keys kept not working making it where i had to keep going down to the front desk then when we checked out on the 11th they deducted $8.67 from my $50 deposit stating that it was for their amenities (pool, phones, etc.) which i never took advantage of so now that i know that they are full of it NEVER AGAIN!
I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!

I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
For the cost to stay there the value is excellent, just don't expect the best accommodations. You are literally sleeping in a giant Hooters restaurant.
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!! Get your players card!  I gave this place 2 stars because the service wasnt good at all and the food was ok. I can microwave food too and serve it. Not a fan of the hotel. Kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow.
This review is just for the restaurant..

Just landed from coming in from Hawaii for EDC2011. some of our friends wanted to go out that night but I was dead tired and didn't want to go anywhere except to eat and sleep.

I asked my sister who lived there for many years and suggested a place on where to eat. She said go eat At Terrible's Cake in the hotel with the same Name.. Its cheap & no frills food. The people I was with didn't like the idea of a restaurant named Terrible's so they suggested Hooters.

I was like okay that's fine, since you cant really mess it up right?

We get there and we have to sign up for some Hooters Card thingy to get the discounted chicken wings. I'm like okay cool. Then after about 20 minutes later, we are signed up and seated.

I just wanted some wings and a side to suppress this stomach cramps i have been having because of nothing to eat. The wing special they have is for some really cheap amount, i forgot how much it was, like 10 cents or 20 cent wings?

But here is the catch, you need to buy a Soda, and a minimum purchase of wings. The wording was really complicated but we had to ask the waiter and she explained it to us.

I get wings and some onion rings and a Diet coke. It comes out fairly quickly. I was hella hungry so didn't even bother to assets what i was eating. I just went chowing down.

After eating all the minimum order of the wings. We leave the restaurant. But then a little bit after, about 20 minutes or so after eating, my start to get stomach cramps again and had to use the restroom at our hotel.

Seems like I got food poisoning from the Chicken. When I think back about it. the chicken was really cold like it was sitting out side for a while already. I asked my sister about it who also works in the food service industry and she also said she got food poisoning from there.

Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll pass on Hooters. there is so many better places to eat.

Well there you go, if you want some chicken wings with a side of food poisoning, Hooters for cheap wings is the place you want to be.
This place was excellent!! love the pools... you could swim anytime not limits. The wings are 25 cents 12 a.m.-6.p.m and $1.50 bud lights!! room view was of the pool... excellent!!!
Ugh ugh ugh! Man, for being such a great chain for wings, this place STUNK! The dressing and dip is no longer freshly made, but Ken's best ranch. Not ok. It was just a disappointment.
DISCLAIMER: 

When you read this review, please note that I am in no way a huge drinker or gambler and did not get the chance to enjoy the slot machines except for the blackjack slots. 

I was pretty excited to spend the weekend in Vegas with my family and friends near the holidays as we normally do during that time yearly. This time we decided to keep it cheap, so we decided on the Hooters Hotel and Casino. Here are just a few things:

The garage elevator was the scariest experience of my life. I hate elevators to begin with, they make me claustrophobic right off the bat, but this one, the doors didn't even open up all the way to let us out and I felt like we were almost in between floors when this happened. I didn't use this when we needed to return to the parking garage on the day we left either, I opted to use the stairs instead, all 5 stories of them. Whatever, I could use the exercise. 

I know that casinos smell like booze and cigs for the most park, but just walking through the casino nauseated me. The stench of cigs were just so potent. I felt like I was consumed, seriously, and we visited plenty of other hotel and casinos and did just fine with the smoke. My hair smelled for days after that even after plenty of shampoo applications.

It's sort of disturbing when you see a pregnant Hooters girl at their Hooters restaurant inside of this hotel waiting on tables with all that smoke going around. In fact, we took this trip a while ago and we are still talking about that. 

This is located a little bit off the strip, so its sort of a walk to all the main attractions, if you don't mind all of the cons mentioned above, then just the amount of money you save on a room is sort of worth it to stay there. 

The rooms were extremely cheesy. Adorned in Hooters paraphernalia, as it was expected though. The coat hanger in the bathroom was ripped off and not replaced, the beds were so so and the view from our room was....errrr....fantastic (insert sarcastic remark here). 

I do have to say though, the Hooters casino waitresses don't disappoint. The one time I sat at the slot machines with my sister, they were very prompt to serve us our free drink. Chintzy on the alcohol though, as I guess that's expected given this isn't exactly a 5 star hotel, and I'm not a huge drinker to begin with. Needless to say, we have passed on staying here since this trip. If you're looking for a really cheap hotel that's close enough to the strip and you don't mind pregnant waitresses waiting on you in heavy cig smoke, then Hooters is your place!
Decided to take a small vecation to las vegas.  The hooters hotel was an all right choice.  The rooms aren't all that great.  The elevators are very slow,but its not like you will be staying in the room while there.  The good side of this casino is that the odds of you winning are better then other casinos (6 to 2 ).  They have a pool area with two large pools and conecting outdoor bar.  For those that like to keep in shape and active, the hotel also has a indoor gym with the news workout equipment.  But the best perk is getting the free rewards card and using it to accumulate points which in return can be used to by hooters Mech, or eat free into hooters restraunts
I went to this hooters restaurant the night before I flew out (7-10-11) and the restaurant part was full so i went to the bar.... I believe my bartender/server was karen and good looking. I order some mild wings and had like five jack and cokes. My bill was around 45 bucks. I also chilled with these british guys and they were hitting on my server lol...... Id go back and mabe even play blackjack there.
So this isn't "as good as it gets' but it is the best for a trip to Vegas with your friends and especially if you are on a budget or just don't like to spend on a hotel that you are heardly at during the trip! I'm pretty picky being that I have worked for Marriott but love this place! 

I've been staying here for the last 4 years that I've been coming to Vegas! It's not fancy but it's comfy, cozy, clean and chill (It's Hooters duh) and still so very close to the strip don't don't worry about the distance at all. I've NEVER had a problem with my reservation or stay here. can't wait to see ya'll Saturday for my stay again, my girls were impressed with the price and I'm sure they will be pleased with the hotel stay as well!
NO NO NO NO NO NO. NO.
NO.
NOT HOOTERS.
no.
don't go here! oh my goodness.

*terrible customer service
*dirty casino
*trash smell everywhere
*crappy food
*walls are paper thin (we could hear our neighbors having SEX every single night!!)
*room service terrible
*no wifi! at all!
*pool had a cockroach in it when i went.
*no valet parking but a service resort fee.
*parking structure terrible for parking.

no.
don't go here. don't do it.
Not a hoot. As a matter of fact, this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. Service sucked, food sucked and the girls were not even that hooterific. 

We were seating and waited about 10 mins for someone to take our drink order. It was very warm in there too. I know it is summer, but the fact that you are paying more for everything in Vegas should come with a cool down.

Once we got our food (took 25 mins), it was cold if it was supposed to be warm and visa versa. The wings were fatty and under-cooked. The salad was soggy  and not fresh. The french fries were cold and not crisp at all. It was all horrible. Then the waitress did not come back to see if everything was ok until 15 mins after our food came.

I will never go to another Hooters. Really over priced and not worth it in any way.
i was gonna give hooters 4 stars and say i was a fan. but it was all good this weekend at the HOOT, thats what me and the boys call it. lol. anyway we went out there for my boys bachelor party about 10 deep.. lets just say. everytime im with the boys and we go in the summer, were stayin at hooters. cheap rates, good food, not just hooters but onion too... i mean 25 cent wings and 1.50 beers...psssshhh,C'MON, cooooool security TOO not like the jerks at the big places, cool assss pool staff, PIER IS MY FOLKS, RICH CITY. YAYYYYY AREA, LOL AND HANNNAH THE BARTENDER IS A SWEEEETIE FOR REAL..... OH and another thing. 24 hour pool c'mon.. my advice  to you, get a bungalow room.. thats the joint right there... you might catch me there alot more... HOOOTERS IS THE SPOT IF YOU WANT TO GO CRAZY AND PARTY LIKE YOUR IN VEGAS..YA its small and not all fancy... but half the time your not in your room anyway right???. if you wanna sleep and just relax than go HOME. YOUR IN SIN CITY.... BEST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IN A WHILE
service is crappy usually

(unless you are talking to Patrick at the front desk who is a freaking Angel!)

my boyfriend and I usually stay here cause you can't beat the price if you want to be on the strip, but the general 'bite me' attitude of the staff is always a little dissapointing.

Even when we complained to the lovely and wonderful patrick on our last trip- he saved the day- and then upon check out a few days later the girl looked like she was going to kill the next person that made her do anything (like typing on a computer) and basically gave us a good riddance and F***K off. 

If only they paid as much attention to who they hired as they did with patrick.

If we ever go back it will only be because one really good experience can sometimes outweigh a bunch of bad ones.

Fix your 'tudes ladies!!
One of the cheapest and most grimey hotels on the strip. Everything feels cheap, the pool looks like some trailer trash backyard and the only good thing about this place is the wings that you can get delivered to your hotel room. Other than that, it's a good place to stick your bags, shower & sleep if you don't want to spend a lot for a better hotel.
I asked the girl at the bar if they had fried pickles, she said no it's a seasonal item (not really seasonal - she said they only have it at some stores).. So I was okay with that. Then when she was handing me my bag I look at one of those little signs on the bar that has the promotions, there you go.. Fried pickles. WTF. I already waited to long to get my food, I didn't even bother ordering the fried pickles. Boo.

I still love their chicken wings. Love them.
expected more ...
The absolute worst!!! STAY AWAY!!!! The convenience of the hotel in conjunction to the rest of the strip and the price means absolutely nothing. Always remember the old saying, "you get what you pay for". For a new hotel, everything was old.. even the clock radio. Hell, the tv was a Zenith (and not a flat screen). Who the hell in this day and age does not have a flat screen in their hotel?? Even the Riviera, which is a heck of a lot older, has flat screens and waaaaaaaaaaaay better customer service. 
Don't ask the SUPERVISOR (not manager as he told us) NOE for any assistance. He was completely useless, talked really low as if he wasn't confident in what he was saying and finally walked away without completing the transaction at hand.
Also, when we got to our room we had no remote, no menu, no ice bucket. We called room service for these items and they told us that we would have to come down stairs for the remote and menu and the ice we had to pay $1.00/cup if we wanted them to bring us ice (not only was there no ice bucket but the ice machine on the 6th floor didn't work). WTH!! Where is the customer service?? Where is my menu? Where is my remote?? Where is anything!! And let's not forget the living room-sized casino. 
All in all this was the worst Vegas hotel experience EVER.
My group was drawn to the $20 a night special like, well, like thrifty Asians to a good deal I guess.  Seriously, $20 for a night plus 20 free wings, buy-one-get-one-free steak dinner for $10, and 2 free drinks at the pool bar were too good of a bargain.  My grandparents in Hong Kong would have crossed the Pacific Ocean for a Vegas deal that good.  A discount so prime that it almost masks the decrepit halls of this tacky establishment, home of daytime escorts and resting ground for strippers that just couldn't cut it.  If you came to the casino floor for pretty girls, prepare to be gravely disappointed at the selection of just grotesque herd animals you've ever seen.  They keep the prime stock in the Hooters Restaurant.

But seriously Hooters Girls, some of you are hot, but don't give my group fucking attitude while we order and act like you have so many important places to be in your empty restaurant.  Your unresolved issues of Daddy touching you inappropriately and that oh-so-interesting theory that hardcore porn is the "gateway to Hollywood", while amusing, should be checked at the door.  Although the blonde at the bar was especially nice to me and the gf.  You are an gentle-lady and a scholar.

The $3 Blackjack tables that they advertise like the saggy boobs of their older staff actually consist of ONE, yes ONE, table that is always full.  Comped drinks come at an excruciatingly slow pace since the table limits are so low they need to make money somehow, amiright?

The $.99 wings they advertise are also only available to hotel guests and only with the purchase of a drink.  Although you see $1.50 bud lights being hawked on the floor, the price increases in restaurants like Mad Onion where the wing deal is offered.

Overall, the rooms were okay.  Not the worst that I've stayed in Vegas.  Twas fairly roomy and felt like a retired grandpa from Florida decorated everything with a tropical theme: a grandpa with debilitating Alzheimer's.  The beds were kind of musty, but sheets and room were cleaned daily.  Bathroom was kind of small and old, but what do you expect for $20.  It's a pretty alright place for being right next to the strip.

TL;DR
At least it ain't the fucking Circus Circus
Honestly, I expected much much worse. I was in town a night earlier before the rest of my group came to vegas and it didn't seem worth paying up for a nice hotel room when I was all by myself. This room only cost me $20 bucks and met expectations -- clean, comfortable bed; room was in good condition; not scary.

Would I stay here every time I came to Vegas? Probably not.

Would I recommend it to someone who just needed a cheap room for one night in order to collapse? Absolutely.
Food was good, waitress were great!  Casino was sub-par.  But all and all the staff was excellent!
After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where do I even begin... 

As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time do you spend in the hotel? 

Having that been said let's get down to business...

Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives. 

For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).

The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.  

25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that? 

Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))  

I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....

Negatives.

The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey. 

The AC did little to nothing in our room...

No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room. 

Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.

I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it" 

The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here. 

I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal. 


In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place. 

I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.

1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person.... 
Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you. 

2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....

While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant." 

After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries. 

Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!? 

We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$! 

At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL 

Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off. 


That is all I care to write about this place... 

While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!

2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings. 

peace
Wow, I seriously cannot figure out what everyone is complaining about. I honestly think people need to take into consideration that at Hooters you get what you pay for. If you are paying $20 for a hotel room in Vegas do not expect to get a 5 STAR, luxury "Wynn" experience. 

What we got for our $20 per night was the following:

1 clean, very basic hotel room.
20 free wings at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel.
2 free frozen drinks at the pool bar, plus one additional drink because it was "ladies week"
2 free "American" breakfasts at The Mad Onion.

In addition to all the freebies, we received excellent customer service from everyone we interacted with at Hooters. All the hotel bars have $1.50 Bud/Bud Light if you are looking for cheap beer. Room Service will deliver Hooters wings to your room. The pool is open 24/7. There is a pretty decent fitness room/gym. If you are so inclined, there is a tattoo parlor in the hotel. The location is good...It is a very short walk to the Las Vegas Strip from the hotel.

Yes, the service at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel is slow.
Yes, the parking garage and elevators are a little dingy.
No, it did not smell like poo, urine, sewage, raid, or anything else that people have complained about. 

Two items of note:
There is an $8 resort fee per day.
There were many people on our floor who sat outside of their rooms, in the hallway, and smoked. So FYI, your room may be non-smoking but the hallway is not. 

If you are just looking for a cheap, clean, no-frills place to crash, Hooters will serve the purpose. If you are looking for anything more than that, this is not the place for you. Move along...nothing to see here.
casino review only 

THIS PLACE ROCKS!! we signed up for their players club which gave us a free steak dinner and $200 in free promotional slot play. i didnt win anything but it took an hour to play which was nice cause i wasnt spending my own money lol. they have 1.50 bud and bud light which is a steal!! $3 blackjack is a must!! i didnt win until i upgraded to $10 single deck blackjack. they serve you free drinks as long as your gambling which is rare to find. all places say they do but you can never find the dang cocktail waitresses! not the case here!! even if your playing penny slots :) HOOTERS I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU AGAIN!! 

oh i almost forgot to mention theyve got the hottest staff in vegas!
We were staying across the street at the MGM Grand, and every time I looked out the window by the elevator I saw the owl on the Hooters Casino sign staring at me.  It was hypnotic, and there is a strong possibility that the sign may have even winked at me (or maybe that I just needed to get some more sleep).  So I got a couple of people to walk with me across the street on an adventure to the Hooters Casino. 

From the outside, it looks like an oversize Hooters.  On the inside, the casino is tiny and smaller than anything I have seen on the strip.  We were able to walk through the entire casino in less than a couple of minutes.  There wasn't very many people in the casino, and there seemed to be more employees than patrons on a Saturday night.  All of the dealers were Hooters girls, deck out in their white and orange gear.  The theme of Hooters was evident and well maintained throughout.

When we got to the back of the Casino, I went into the store to check out what they had.  They had some cute Hooters branded cloths, and I found a jersey top that I liked to buy for my wife.  After that, we took a look out the back door of the casino to see the pool.  It was pretty sad.  There were just a bunch of dudes hanging out, and not a Hooter in sight.  The pool looked like a giant sized Motel 6 pool, and did not look like a fun place to hang out at all.  So we headed back inside towards the front of the Casino.  We passed two restaurants on the way.  One of them being a Hooters, of course.  When we got to the front there was another store that I did not notice when we first walked in.  This store had lots more cloths and Hooters paraphernalia, so I went in to check it out and ended up buying more stuff.  They had a special in the store that if you buy $35 of merchandise you get a free gift.  The clerk at the registered informed me that for a $1.50 I could buy a sacky bag.  I thought I was a $1.50 off of hitting the $35 mark and so I agreed to get the bag.  It turned out that the bag was another promotion, and that my free gift was actually a Hooters girl calendar...from 2010  :I

After buying all of the cute Hooters gear for my wife to wear, we went on our way.  Now that she has all of these cloths I don't have to bother going to Hooters anymore to check out the girls in the itsy-bitsy outfits.  I look forward to Val making me a Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich in one of her new Hooters outfits, and I'm pretty sure I won't go to this casino again.  There really wasn't anything special to see or do here.
We were all thinking it: I love Hooters, but why can't I sleep there? Problem solved. 

Imagine the time is ten years after Back to the Future II and Biff has lost his fortune,  leaving him near bankruptcy with only a single asset. That asset would be the Hooters Hotel and Casino, Las Fucking Vegas, Nevada. 

Jagermeister and stomach acid has eaten away nearly all the varnish on the trademark Hooters wood paneling. Nonetheless, everything but the ductwork is sporting wood grain. I feel like an exhausted drunken ant crawling across a shuffleboard in a landfill. 

My room is in the "Ocean View 'tower'" and I must admit, it does have a certain post-hurricane Katrina charm. I guess someone looted my flatscreen during the storm.

The casino boasts hooters girl dealers but is otherwise indistinguishable from your standard sub-strip fare. Maybe the working girls are a little bit rougher but my glasses are already smeared with wing sauce so it's hard to tell. 

This is where your uncle takes you for your 21st birthday two years before he dies of the drink. 

If you're looking for a cheap room and a place to grab the sagging ass of your American dream, look no further. Five Stars.
I've stayed in a few different hotels in Vegas in a variety of locations. Would I come back to Hooters? Absolutely! 

Hubs and I paid approximately $20 per night which is a bargain. Yes there are $7.50 resort fees but that brought our stay up to $27.50 per night... still a total bargain in my book. 

Ahead of checking in we requested a non smoking room away from the elevators and got 1147 which was an awesome room in the Ocean Tower with a great view of the strip. The room was clean. Yes it was old looking and there were some odd stains on the carpet, but who comes to Vegas to stay in their room?? Not me that's for sure! 

We didn't use the pool facilities (Wet Republic at MGM is right across the street, if you want a fab pool go there). But the Mad Onion and Hooters restaurant were great, good food and good value for money. 

The location was pretty awesome too. I like to walk as much as possible in Vegas and this was walking distance from the major hotels on the strip. Plus the bar has a great happy hour on beers, be sure to take advantage of these for pre-night out drinking in your room!

I'd say if you just want a place to crash in and don't want to pay a lot for it, Hooters is perfect. Our experience was great. The staff were friendly when we asked for anything it was given and the location is awesome, everything is a short taxi or walk away.
We rolled into Vegas seeking an inexpensive room that wasn't too trashy like downtown but that was near the strip. And on a weekend... yeah, goodluck with that.

And there was Hooters. I found it online and the rooms were going for about $50. So we booked and were in. It took another hour for the reservation to come through and they tacked on like another $7.50 for service charges but still far less than the $150 I expected to pay elsewhere.

Our room had a nice view of the strip looking at MGM and Tropicana. It isn't a fantastic room, but it's not a bad room either. Seemed a little neglected here and there in condition but overall no complaints! The walking distance to the strip was awesome and we were soon exploring in no time. The room was just a place to crash and shower and get up in the morning to go exploring more.

I didn't bother checking out much of the Hooter's casino or restaurant. It's pretty basic and nothing exciting. Looks like a regular Hooter restaurant. Lots of good looking women of course. We checked out the next day but after a while decided what the heck? And booked another night. We wound up in a different part of the hotel and it was okay, I think the bathroom sink leaked and I am kind of OCD about the worn sheets, but again the price was more than perfect. 

I'm sure rates are even lower during the week. I would be open to staying here again. Tropicana is next door and has a lot more entertainment going on, but Hooter's has the hotel deal in town for a weekend!
I know, I know - what would you expect?  Still, no matter how trashy the theme I do expect to get what I paid for.  True, the Hooters casino is as poorly cleaned and maintained as one of their restaurants, but the rooms were not quite so bad as the typical Hooters restroom and one has to expect a certain griminess to go with the low room costs - that could potentially be some of the fun of the aesthetic that Hooters touts, I suppose.

We came to the Hooters casino because some friends were already booked here and we wanted to spend some time with them after we had rested some, and enjoy exploring Las Vegas.  They, my partner, and I had just spent a week first on a grueling 1900 mile road trip from Austin to northern Nevada and then camping in a barren desert for the Burning Man art festival - and figured it would be nice to spend some time with each other just decompressing.  So we decided we would pay ahead for a room with a bed big enough for both of us, knowing that it would take all day to drive through Nevada from Black Rock Desert to Las Vegas.

We paid ahead for a room with a King size bed for three nights, got up at 7:30 am and drove all day from Burning Man in North Nevada, got in around 11 pm exhausted and haggard, looking forward to nothing more than just crawling into a clean comfortable bed with each other and relaxing, before spending  - and they tell us that they will only put us in a room with two doubles and told us in a bored voice, "too bad, even though you paid ahead for a king room, it is first come first served.  Tough, there is nothing we can do, that's policy." In effect, you can only get what you paid for if you come at checkin time - paying for the room ahead of time does not actually secure it.  

Our friends were, of course, screwed over by the same policy and were no happier about it.

Avoid any business that does not deal honestly with its customers like this - this is worse than what you would reasonably expect from Hooters and Las Vegas combined.  I expect trashiness from Hooters and sleazy business practices from Las Vegas - but bait and switch is outside the bounds of any business claiming to be reputable.
The following review is specifically for the "Bungalow room type" 

These rooms are in the attached two story building out by the swimming pool. We had a ground level room with a sliding glass door facing the parking lot and a busy street. 

Did not have a secure feeling as it felt like anyone could walk up from the street and have direct access to the sliding glass door. The rooms are all nonsmoking in the Bungalows so the sliding glass door was good for lover boy to go in and out for a smoke. That was the only good thing! 

Thank goodness I had my lover Sean with me for protection, otherwise I would have been sleeping with one eye open. 

We only stayed here one night as we attended an industry VIP open bar event and showing for "Purple Reign" who performs at Hooter's. We planned on getting sloppy drunk that night so figured we could just crawl to our room and avoid driving for the night. 

This room sucked balls, and not the good kind. The bathroom tub was moldy and the water did not drain, seriously I took a shower standing in half a tub of water! The walls and floors had major mold as well. 

The room was very small, and had one outlet for electricity which was occupied by the lamp and TV. We had to reach behind and unplug the TV just to charge our phone, ridiculous. 

The towels are cheap, stained and shredding. Wow the quality is so bad it makes paper towels a better option to dry off with. 

The ice machine was broke, took housekeeping 45 minutes to bring us a bucket of ice. 

Yes! You get what you pay for in Vegas when it comes to hotel accommodations! It was $27 for the night (weekday) we stayed on a Tuesday. 

Crappy rooms, moldy bathrooms and no outlets for charging your cell will leave you with a stinky taste in your mouth by staying in these rooms! 

Hooter's is a huge let down, it is obvious they have given up and are not going to put any money into keeping this property updated. What a shame! 

I normally complain when something is this bad, luckily for the front desk we had partied so much and just wanted to jump in bed and get busy. 

I later sent an email to Hooter's "Customer Service" with the complaint details of our stay, did I get a response? Of course not...lol I knew that was a waste of time. 

Don't do it! Please Please I beg of you!
I was completely satisfied with my stay.  Quite frankly, I don't understand the reason behind some of the negative reviews.  Hooters is not a luxury hotel and does not pretend to be either.  Hooters is located just off the strip, across the street from the MGM.    First, it was inexpensive.  Second, the rooms were clean and large.  And finally , it had everything you could expect in a hotel- multiple swimming pools, multiple restaurants, parking, cable tv and good water pressure.  Hooters is a short walk from the action of the strip.  Las Vegas is a great tourist destination which you can't experience from a hotel room.  Therefore, Hooters is a great place to sleep, shower and change before you head out for your Las Vegas adventure.  Now, if the place were a dump or if you were expecting luxury then maybe you would  be disappointed.  I would go back again.
Nope. This place sucks. My buddy thought it would be neat to get two hotel rooms for $50 (total). Yeah, you get what you pay for.  Wierd surf, wood panel decor, old 80s art, and uncomfortable beds. A group of four of us asked to open a new blackjack table since all (3 - the place is tiny) were busy AND had people waiting. The pit boss simply said "no." Thanks ass-wee-pay
I guess things are bigger in Texas! These were the smallest wings I have ever had, I felt overcharged. The only reason we went here was because we were hungover and needed something really greasy. 
This did the trick, and the food tasted fine. I guess I am just used to the wings at my Dallas location.
Waitress was fantastic!
I've stayed at the Hooters Hotel and Casino on a couple of occasions when attending events in Vegas.  All in all, I am satisfied with my experience.  The last time I visited I paid under $300 for six nights by booking in advance.  That's hard to beat anywhere.  They do charge a resort fee but, I've found that pretty standard in most Vegas hotels. 

The hotel is older and a bit worn around the edges.  Think an older Comfort Inn/Motel 6...  I have found that it is generally clean and the staff is helpful.   The beds are comfortable, the water pressure is ok and the AC works.  I don't know that I'd bring my wife there but, it's ok for traveling alone.  You really can't ask for much more than that at the prices that they charge.  

The location is great: directly across the street from the MGM Grand,  next door to the Flamingo and maybe a 5 minute walk to the strip.  

I agree with the previous reviews about the parking garage.  It really is a dump.  However, there is an ample sized parking lot and I never had a problem finding a space.  

I decided not to stay there during my most recent visit to Vegas as they filed chapter 11 bankruptcy in early August.  I did stop by for the $1.50 beer and wings and didn't note any significant changes.  I hope that they make it.  It is a well located, decent, affordable option.
I like staying here. Nothing fancy but it's cheap and I always come here for work so I like coming back to a hotel that's not super crowded and doesn't take 15 minutes to get from the car to the room. The only bad experience I had was the bartender was a bitch to me and my lady. So I left her a $1 tip. Biiiaaatch!!! ;)
wow, i ain't staying here no mo.  they going bankrupt & not putting money into routine maintainance.  my room had no bathroom trashcan, 3 lamps didn't work, no 'do not disturb' sign, the air conditioner was a dinosaur that kept me awake for hours, $8.50 resort fee per night & they deactivated my room key when i was rushing to my room to take a dump.  i like the casino floor & comedic entertainment
This past weekend, spent 4 days in Vegas. The trip was great, outside the hotel. We originally booked the hotel through Hotwire.com over 2 months before the trip, so didn't know which hotel we were committing to, but it showed as 3 star hotel, on the strip, with 3.5 stars on TripAdvisor, so we booked it. Was going on a golf trip with 2 other guys, so Hooters was fine when we found out. 

Problem started at checkin. They didn't have our reservation, and said Hotwire didn't fax it. The girl at the front desk said, nothing they could do, "next time book directly through us". Seriously? I ask if they can call Hotwire for me - 'can't do that'. I was surprised at the attitude and inhospitality. I asked to speak with the manager - she wasn't available to talk to us. I ask if they can at least get us in a room, I'll give them my credit card number - I have confirmation number, reservation number, everything Hotwire sent me to confirm I went through and paid for this room already. 

While at the desk, I called Hotwire, where I was on hold for over 20 minutes. When someone finally came on, they transferred me and refaxed (they said their records showed originally faxed in June). They couldn't stay on the line with me, so waited (all the while, I'm waiting at the registration desk). I waited for another 10 minutes, it never came through, so had to call Hotwire again (again Hooters tells me, nothing they can do, I need to call them, and ask them to fax it again). They said they didn't even have Hotwire's phone number. While on hold, ask to speak to the manager again, this time she was available, this is where things started to really fall apart. She essentially said "that's what I get for booking through a 3rd party", I didn't even know how to respond to that. She said nothing they could do. When I finally got Hotwire on again, they again refaxed (I can't believe they're doing all this via fax). This time the Hotwire person stays on the line with me. Another 10 minutes later, Hooters finally gets it. 

Just to upset us more (it seemed), the counter person checks in the next group in line instead of us.

All in all, I get into the hotel room over 2 hours after we got to the Hooters. No apologies, just a bad attitude. I would have been fine if they were polite about the whole matter, I understand things go wrong with technology. But to blame me for making reservations not directly through them, to be rude (not just from staff, but from the manager), unbelievable. 

BTW, hotel is in terribly old, run down condition (this is in the old San Remo), the dealers were rude, and the elevators smelled.
I would never stay here again, i would rather not go to vegas if this was my only choice. Everything is old, rooms, AC, elevators, wings.
Oh Hooters. Got love them right? I stayed here for my 21st birthday because it has the best deal on i4vegas.com. There are good things about this hotel and there are crappy things about this hotel. 

I will start with the negatives only because the positives may or may not out weigh the negatives and I kind of like leaving people with a happy note. 

So, first of all, if you stay there and you park in the parking garage, be careful. The garage itself contains creepy people and I may have seen a security guard on his little bike once just riding around not really looking. Also, the elevators that lead from the parking garage to the hotel are probably the scariest elevators I have ever been in. They are old and rickety looking/sounding, I was like "We are going to die in here, just saying," I was a little nervous cause I was not about to get stuck in an elevator before having a drink first. 

Sitting at the bars were not all that great, the staff at the time were not very chatty with people. It was more like, "What do you want and tell me now or I will keep ignoring you." So, I stayed clear from the bars there. I just figured the alcohol in my room would suffice. 

The hotel portion was nice and all, but I can see why I got a good deal for the rooms. If your looking for class, this is not the place. However, the beds were comfy! I loved sleeping there. Orange lamps were kind of cool too. 

Now to leave you with some positivity. The restaurant itself was pretty cool. They were able to accommodate my group of people in a quick time too. I saw tons of people there and we were seated pretty quick. The food is always great to me. I use to go to the one in Ontario and will always love Hooters food. The ladies were nice as well. My waitress was hilarious so it made for a good night. 

The Mad Onion restaurant was really good as well. We ate there twice, dinner and breakfast and I loved it all. They were open late nights and it was pretty cheap. I think prime rib was around $10. They also do a champagne brunch deal too. Love me some champagne with my waffles. 

Finally, I will say that if you have heard of the Men of X show, please laugh with me. I have seen Thunder Down Under before and I thought the Men of X show would be like it and their tickets were only $16 and not $45. So I let my mom talk me into it. It is only 4 dudes, who pretty much just dance their booties off. I laughed so hard during the whole thing, just because it was so cheesy! I think if you want a good laugh $16 bucks is pretty good. 

Hope that helps those who want a cheapish place to stay or eat.
OK the girls can be sexy and bud lights are a $1.50, but the love stops there. 

Service here is not bad, it is pathetic. Where are the drink girls, and bar service does not existent. Plus the place is a smoked filled pigpen. 

Stop in for a beer if your car breaks down outside, but otherwise, cross the street to the MGM and get better service, drinks and winnings.
I want to start  by saying we ordered w nonsmoking room and upon arriving we were told they were all out and our o only choice was a smoking room or a two bed room of course wanting to sleep together we choose the smoking one bed. The ac didn't work and even after buying air freshener it didn't even help.  The next day we changed rooms to a non smoking. They said to go at 1 and so we did but they said the room was not ready. And to go back at 3, and the room was still not ready... What a waste of van eking time. They advertise 25 chicken wings from 12-6am and they are false advertising. We went to get some and they said we had to pay for the buffet. Worst experience ever.. Do not recommend it to anyone , just pay the extra dollars for a better experience
What can you say? Its a Hooters. Do you really come for the Wings and Beer?
OK, i never write reviews this long, but it has to be done...

The ONLY reason I stayed at Hooters was because it is right across the street from the MGM where I was attending a hockey game last weekend. Trust me, pay the extra $$ to stay somewhere else!! Somewhere that doesn't have stains all over the carpet, a tub that drains or cigarette burns in the duvet cover!  

The girl who checked us in was not very friendly, but the girl who checked us out was.. so it's hit or miss with the staff. Also, I thought Hooters girls were supposed to be hot?? Guess it's slim pickens in Vegas, all the hot girls are working at the Wynn I suppose.

Also, pieces of the laminate hardwood floors in the lobby and hallways are all broken up or cracked and I stubbed my toe really hard on a piece where the shitty floor meets the nasty ass casino carpet. OW! goddamn piece of shit Hooters!!

The elevators are rickety and scary sounding just as other people's reviews say, it's no lie.

The pool is tiny and the towels they give you are an absolute joke! They look like the towels they use to wipe down the bar with! and they are TINY! I'm an average size chick, I had to use 3 towels just to equal ONE normal size towel, also there are black stains all over them like some was just cleaning a car with them EEWW!!

I'm a vegetarian, so we ate one night at the restaurant "The Mad Onion" in the hotel.. grooooossss.

MAYBE the ONLY good thing would be the $1.50 beers at the bar.. but i always bring my own alcohol to Vegas so it didn't matter much to me.
If you like "tacky and unrefined" ambiance and rude, unaccommodating service, this is the place.  
Us: "Can we check in our luggage?" 
Dick attendant: "Can you?" 
Us: "Well, can we? That's why we asked!" 

They also refused to let us check in early. What difference does a few hours make anyway?  

We only booked here because it was the cheapest ($40/night on Orbitz) and we just needed a room to chill and freshen up before our 9pm flight.  

I guess their selling point is to make it not only look, but also feel gross and white trash-y as possible!
During the first weekend of October I stayed here and was very excited to wake up early enough to catch their breakfast buffet that included unlimited mimosas/champagne... I was looking forward to stuffing myself with crab legs and mimosas until their breakfast hours came to an end and it was time to hit the lazy river just like I had done the year before.  It turns out this is no longer offered there :( 
Rates weren't bad & the rooms weren't bad at all. The bar was conveniently close to the pool. Checking in & out was fair. Didn't really spend much time in the casino, the only time spent here was pretty much when in our room. I did have a regular breakfast down at their restaurant - I had eggs benedict with home potatoes which was meh. Wouldn't care if I stayed here again or not.
great show Raak n Rock!
Finally stayed here as a guest the last time I was in Vegas. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much.  Reading the reviews here kind of put me in that mind set.  However, I really enjoyed my stay here.  The room was clean, the shower pressure was good, and they cleaned my room after I left for the day.  They had clean towels on hand when I needed it and had some great complimentary stuff like water and free slot play offers. More bang for my buck: I stayed 2 nights for $32.50 a night. By far one of the lowest rates for a hotel right off the strip.  I also enjoyed the fact I could get wings from Hooters any time of the day 24 hours a day.  If you sign up with the Owl club there you can get wings for 25 cents after midnight till 6am.  Tacky and unrefined? Yes.  But if you don't mind the orange color and Florida style room this is a great place to crash at for such a low price.  I heard they filed for Chapter 11 recently so I hope this place makes it.  It really is a little gem of a hotel.  Oh yeah...they also have a great looking wait staff aka the Hooters girls.  You got to watch the introduction to the hotel on the TV when you get there...its cheesy and entertaining at the same time.  I think I watched it at least half a dozen times. I knocked off one star because one of the elevators I rode in literally bounced off the ground when it got from the 2nd floor to the 1st floor...scared the crap outta me and the 3 other people riding with me.
I really felt I needed to write a review of this hotel/casino since there seem to be a lot of negative reviews floating around out there.
I booked this hotel to come to Vegas and celebrate my 30th birthday with my husband. I booked it well ahead of time and chose it over other hotels because it was cheap (we paid a total of $320 canadian for 4 nights). 
As the time got closer to our trip I started reading reviews here on yelp and other sites and considered cancelling my reservation based on how many bad reviews there were. But I didn't as I really wanted to save money on the hotel so I would have more money for shows, clubs, drinks, and the casinios. 
WEll I am very glad that I did not cancel. This place was very good value for our money.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was good. The casino was fun. And you can't complain about $1.50 beers! The pool and hot tubs were awesome and open all night! They even let us have a late (2pm) checkout! 
WE have stayed at many 5 star hotels in the past (as I used to work for a luxury hotel chain) and this definitely isn't 5 star however it was excellent value. Absolutely nothing wrong with this place. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again .

I should also add that they were really good about handing out the free drinks here compared to some of the other Casinos we were at.
Arrived on a Monday and walked up to the front only to see yellow "caution" tape across one door. 

On to the front desk where we were greeted at the VIP check-in by a young lady who was obviously still in training. Not sure why someone inexperienced would be working the VIP line. When I made the reservation I asked if it was possible to check-in early. No problem they said, as long as there was a room available. Well, we arrived early asked to check-in and there were no rooms available. However, the couple we were meeting checked-in at the same time and they had a room. Not surprisingly, they found a room for us too.

On to the room. We were given a room in the Ocean View tower and the elevators made really incredible noises, shook and jerked as we made our way up to our floor. The hotel was built in 1973 and it appears general maintenance and paint have eluded each of the owners through the years. The room was clean enough although there were some minor maintenance issues. The grates on the A/C unit had been moved so that they covered the controls. The strike plate on the bathroom door was loose, so the door stuck each time it was closed. There was a vanity with mirror, but no electrical outlets. When I decided to plug in the phone charger, I noticed there was only one open outlet in the entire room. I tend to walk around in socks while in the room and noticed that the bottoms were picking up dirt from the carpets, even though housekeeping had allegedly vacuumed the room before we checked in. Lastly when I decided to get ice, there was no ice bucket. Housekeeping delivered a plastic beer bucket for me to use, which meant repeated trips to the ice machine.

The service was okay. Generally the staff was friendly, but appeared overwhelmed. The valet was also the bell desk clerk, which meant either your car or luggage would be delayed at any given time. They also weren't sure that our room was occupied. At 4:30 in the morning I was awakened by pounding at the door. When I got up they announced themselves as "housekeeping" and wanted to know why I was in an unoccupied room. Shortly afterwards an alarm began sounding from the service elevator. I assume it went out because staff was using the guest elevators to reach floors. 

At check-out I was presented a bill and told that my credit card was not charged enough for the "room hold" and that they would have to add another $25. I had to argue that I had not charged anything to the room. I finally left with a zero balance due.

It's obvious that the property is in bankruptcy and running on a shoestring. take advantage of the cheap room rates, but be aware that this is one instance where you will definitely get what you pay for.
Food - okay
Service - AWFUL!!
Price - OVERPRICED!!!

We ordered boneless chicken wings and fried pickles. Not enough breading on the pickles, but the food was fine. 

The waitress did have large "Hooters" and wore her shirt as tight as possible. That's pretty much where her assets end. She had no personality and even less knowledge on providing service. 

The 10 ounce beers on draft were served in a plastic cup for a mere $4.50 each. The 10 ounce margaritas were also served in a plastic cup and you could have as many as you want for $7.50 each. Really? I know it's Vegas and there are no deals anymore, but those prices are really outrageous. There are better margaritas (16 ounces) at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville for $7.00
I stayed here last weekend with a few of my buddies. I thought it was the perfect place if you're young, like 21 (like me), and limited on money. Can't go wrong with $3 blackjack, 50 cent roulette, and $1.50 beers.

The room was standard, but since we only spent about 3-4 hours in it altogether the whole weekend, it was okay. I got a bit aggravated when the cocktail waitresses would only come around every 30-40 min at the tables, but they were busy so I thought what the hell.

Also have 25 cent wings after midnight, but you're required to belong in their little owl club or whatever to be able to get the deal.
Bad #1 Check-in.  had no idea how to enter our reservations in computer,  so we could get our vouchers for free breakfast and so we never got it.   #2 Dirty halls and unmaintained guest rooms. #3 Different drink prices thru same hotel all run by hooters. #4 No free internet. #5 One pool is ice cold. #6 Does not follow up on complaints. #7 No one wins at slot machines. #8 Ghetto towels for pool so you don't steal them. #9. Parking garage is just filthy. #10.  There is no manager it just runs itself!

Good #1 Security.  #2 Price of room when on special. # 3 Good music outside at the one heated pool. #4 Lots of Hooter girls #5 Onion restaurant specials and service  Note: Will probably never go back. Worth the extra money to go elsewhere.
When you think of Las Vegas, you think of bigger and over-the-top, but prepare yourself for disappointment upon entering the Hooters Restaurant in the Hooters Casino.  To put it best: it's an ordinary Hooters restaurant that happens to be in Vegas, as opposed to being the "Vegas Hooters."  Expect your typical Hooters experience but in a drearier setting because the Hooters Casino is a bit dingy, and with so many other places to visit for cheap greasy food this place is usually very quiet.

In my opinion, Hooters should consider putting more money into the location and making it a Vegas destination.  There are other places with better looking waitresses and cheap food/drinks, so why limit one's self to this hole in the wall location?  In Vegas, there are too many options for attractive waitresses to be stuck at this place - that's the feeling that I got during my visits.  There is nothing wrong with the place and it is your typical Hooters experience, but shouldn't the expectations be higher in Vegas?  

I have been to several Hooters restaurants throughout California, and have been to the Vegas location 3-4 times.  I actually stayed at the hotel on one occasion during a last minute Vegas trip when my usual places were booked, so I have a thorough perspective of the hotel, bar, casino, and restaurant.  The Vegas Hooters isn't bad but it really can't compete with the other Vegas options.  The casino and bar area is sad and depressing, but the rooms are super cheap and better than the local roach motels.  

I'm a guy that likes wings, beers, and stealing glances at the waitresses, but in Vegas, there are so many nicer places for the same cost, that I can't really recommend the restaurant unless you've never been to a Hooters restaurant before.  It's not bad, but there is no energy and the vibe is nonexistent.  This location is average when compared to other Hooters locations, but less than average when compared to other options in the area.
What epic-ly sucks about this hotel/casino is the hardwood floors. I hate casinos with hardwood floors. It also sucks that they are perpetually on the chopping block. What is the point, therefore, for building comps here? The world may never know.

What DOES get me about this place is the gorgeous looking rooms. I LOVE tropical themes which is why I so much loved the old Mirage and absolutely adore Mandalay Bay and the new Tropicana decor. So, Hooters make me feel so happy because of that decor choice. I also like their 24/7 pool. Who does that? A guaranteed late-night fiasco (although it is quiet late at night which I actually love)! All Vegas strip hotels should get on Hooters' level on this matter.
Its Hooters The Staff Was Very Friendly And The Food Was Awesome. I Tried The Deep Fried Pickles I Dont Like Pickles Very Much But Thys Were Very Good
Horrible place. Will never stay here again. i'd rather stay in Motel 6 which is a block from them (stayed there a few years ago and had a very pleasant expirience).
1. Dirty elevator in the garage (kind of scary)
2. No wifi available at ALL
3. Smells like smoke everywhere, even on the hotel floors
4. Horrible beds that squick every time you turn
5. uncomfortable pillows
6. no coffee maker
7. rooms are old and outdated
8. half the rooms have the view of the airport with the noise and everything that comes along with it.
I stayed here because it was super cheap, $25 for a room and 2 steak dinners. I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The room was clean and the food was fine. 25 cent wings after midnight! And the hotel is right next to the strip. Definitely recommend for anybody on a budget.
got a great deal online. $20 a night for one room and free steak dinner for two (no purchase necessary, not like other offer that buy one get one free) plus other free slot and table match play. It's like staying for free! 
so no complaints from me.
room size is decent and clean , parking is easy, and $3 black jack table for a small time gambler like me is perfect!
want to come back here every weekend for this deal!
Swankier than I remember in the past and that was a complete surprise! We had some time to kill and seeing that we are usually someplace mid strip, we were staying at MGM this time and decided to take a stroll over to Hooters just to appease my curiousity. It really hasn't changed much but it appears they got a new coat of paint and some new carpet. Gambling there is cheap....the drinks are waaaay cheaper than at the "nicer" casinos so I can't really complain. It's a bit out of the way but if you like their wings (which I don't) they have $0.25 wings every day after 10 pm.  I wouldn't stay here but if you are looking for a cheap alternative and the Imperial Palace isn't your cup of tea on the strip you can stay at Hooters for less than $20 a night. Unfortunately, it makes my stomach turn just thinking about it.
The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!
This hotel doesn't have the glamour of other hotels on the strip if that's what you're looking for, but the dealers were very courteous and made great conversation as well
First off, the staff was rude! They tried to put me and my wife in double beds after I booked King size room. Then they argued with me and blamed there mistake on me. Hair dryer didn't work, tub didn't drain, food over priced (this I can understand), cheap laminate floor that i wouldn't even put in my garage, elevator that sounds like its gonna collapse, but worst of all, it's Impossible to get drinks when playing slots. For some reason, when you ask a server for a drink, she will always say your sitting in a different servers area yet the right server never comes???
Also, hooters advertises $3 dollar Blackjack but they have one table only. All others will be $10 or more. Good luck getting on the only cheap table if that's what you like.
P.S. this is something that isn't a big deal to me because it is Vegas, and you can find e'm everywhere, but the girls where not very pretty and there attitudes made e'm down right ugly!
oh.. P.S.S. DON'T go to the "Raack n Roll" show. We sat next to a nice couple playing the freebie slots that Hooters gives you when you sign up for there players card, which are the Biggest Joke if ALL and a whole other story, anyway, the couple gave us an extra pair of tix to the show and O My GOD,  this was the most pathetic show I've ever seen in my life!!! It's like 5 girls that probably can dance but are so miserable and upset that they're in this crappy show or for whatever reason that they just danced like shi*t and every once in a blue moon, pulled out there tits. In between the so called dancing, this guy who did the worst impressions ever would tell very bad jokes. Let me put it this way, (Al Pacino with a Kermit the frog puppet)???
Location, price,and cleanliness were the reasons I say I am a fan.  My husband and I stayed here for three nights this pas week.  We made our reservations for $20.00 a night.  We arrived in Las Vegas at 0900 way before check-in time. Although no rooms were available for $20/night, there were upgraded rooms available for $30/night with a view of the strip ready for check-in.  I truely was not expecting much for $30/night.  However, the room was clean, the king sized bed was comfortable, there waere plenty of hot water, pillows, and towels.  I would stay here again.  My husband enjoyed wings for 25 cents each from midnight to six am.  We did not rent a car, but parking was free with a parking garage on site.  My husband won $200 playing the penny slots.  There is, also,a nice fitness room with aerobic equipment, free weights, and tvs. Hooters is located across the street from MGM and the Tropicana.  It is on the strip but without the crowds or noise.  THe only negatives I found were the lack of a refirgerator and coffee maker in the room.  I did not request either so I am not sure if you could get one upon request.
This review is only for the restaurant and not the hotel itself.

This is located in the Hooters hotel and casino. My cohorts and I were hungry and hungover so they wanted some chicken wings and what better place than to have some at Hooters?

This probably would not have been my first choice as I wanted to go somewhere new and different but my cohorts insisted on coming here. My cohorts order the chicken wings while I was the oddball and ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with potato salad and mozzarella sticks as appitizers. While everyone else were drinking beer, I was too hungover to drink that soon so I got raspberry lemonade along with a glass of water.

The mozzarella sticks were delish as was the chicken sandwich. However that potato salad was awful. Just bland and no seasoning at all. I should have stuck with the baked beans. The raspberry lemonade was way too sweet. My cohorts enjoyed their respective meals, so they didn't have any complaints.

The restaurant as well as the hotel was too hot. Very uncomfortable eating our meal, especially while we were in recovery mode. The waitress did a good job overall. Overall we enjoyed our meal for the most part so I'll give this joint three stars.
This was my second time eating at this restaurant. I stayed at the hotel for my first time in Vegas in September 2010 and didn't give the hotel or restaurant the best reviews. I just came here to grab a quick bite to eat on 1/7/12 and I thought there was some improvement. I actually came to eat at Mad Onion, but its been turned into a steakhouse. So Hooters it was. I ordered the "Lots Of Tots" appetizer and the boneless chicken wings. The portions were large enough for me and my husband to share. With that plus a house Margarita my bill was only $22...so that was a plus. This girls are hotter than they were when we came the last time, but they were flat out ugly before so thats not saying much. Once again more guys were staring at me than the waitresses. And they notice which causes some major rudeness directed at me. So thats why they don't get 5 stars. If you're doing your job just to get attention, go be a stripper.
GF and I visited in Oct 2011.  The service was ok, but NO happy hour specials? As a chain, you would expect that all the restaurants would be the same.  Wings were standard fare.  Didn't like the location, should be more central.  The slots in the casino where the restaurant is did pay-out nicely though!
Staying at hooters on the winter offer in Dec 2011 was a great decision. I received $200 free promo play, 2 free steak dinners including steaks/unlimited texas toast/fries or mashed or baked potato, $10 bonus slot play, $10 table matchplay, a free mug, and a free tote bag all along with a $19.95 room rate (also a $9.95 per night resort fee charge and $25 security hold per night).

What made the deal even more spectacular were the rooms. Comfy beds, well-appointed, nice tropical decor with a cute faux plant, 2 complimentary waters every day, several outlets (often hard to find even in high end hotels I have gone to but they had outlets right on the desk top), wifi, brilliant bathroom, relatively clean and just plain comfortable. Was not a big fan of the woody-plank-looking things throughout the property but it could be tolerated with all the other niceties.

What made the deal even better was the pool. It's a very nice pool at that rate. It has a pool bar (which I was not opportune to use in Dec weather), a nice hot spa jacuzzi, 3 pools (though they were too cold in Dec), a waterfall, tropical landscaping, a little sandy area, hot beds, fire beds, comfy day bed lounge chairs, a nice sitting/laying area in the pool....quite a bit of features for a 24/7 year-round pool (not sure any other hotel has their pools open at all hours)!

What made the deal even sweeter was the casino. Yes, it's tiny but the slots were doing well for me, not super harsh. I had some fun at the craps table too. It's also nice to have $2.50 roulette (50 cent chips) and $3 BJ right under your nose. Also, I hit several small wins (like free wings and free shows and even a $50 bonus slot play) on the promo slots with my $200 free slot play but I kept playing through the wins trying to get a promo jackpot (of $1000 cash) reaching up to about $20,000 in free promo slot play...before losing it all. I got 3 hours on that slot...certainly wished the promo play counted for comps!

What made the deal even more intriguing was the facilities. The gift shop has my favorite tollhouse cookie ice cream sandwich! The steakhouse (formerly known as Mad onion) has a wonderful and comfortable decor and open all night long. Food here was OK with me. Did not get a chance to go to Hooters but had the 25cent hooters wings at the bar and it was so nasty (tried them again in new Jersey and they still were gross). Taxis were always available outside. At least they have shows (which not all off-strip hotels do)! Internet kiosks abound. An arcade (though limited hours). And nearby trop and mgm are also nice, fun (more refined) casinos. I also like taking the 201 bus from in front of the hotel down to Tropicana Cinemas on trop ave for $1.50 second-run movies. 

Granted, the bright oranges and wood plank thingies everywhere can be a tad overboard. And people might find Hooters *not* as grandiose and impressive as other Strip casinos but it's fully comfortable and decent. All in all, however, Hooters is a hotel and casino with a very nice and fun vibe with great value especially with a good offer.
this is a place to take advantage of!!!
how ...gets yourself a players club card!!!
play and win their money!!!
they invite you back for free !!!
2 night stay food credits and match play incraments of (50-75$)!!!
my family and i stayed nye 2011-2012 for 75$ a night because of the players vip perks...going for free super bowl weekend 2 nights on hooters and a vip football party!!!
(this review is for the Cattleman's Steakhouse restaurant)

Join the Owl Rewards club for free and get a FREE* steak dinner if you're an out of state resident. This deal is going on for at least the month of January, but possibly longer. You also get $200 of promotional slot play which I 99% guarantee will be depleted within 2 minutes. Don't even bother playing, unless you're feeling lucky (do you work at Google?).

*For the low price of a $1.50 drink, you get a 10oz steak, a baked potato, butter (optional; it comes packaged), and UNLIMITED Texas toast.

The $1.50 drink choices are bud, bud lite, bud lite lime (surprisingly good)

Sides and deserts are all $1.50 each. I added sauted onions and mushrooms for $1.50 total to my steak. 

My steak was actually medium rare and very juicy and delicious, though a bit sinewy. I loved the Texas toast.

We got chocolate thunder for dessert, which was hot and fudgy/moist. It definitely tasted much better than it looked.

We came again the next night after clubbing around 3 am for some 25 cent wings. Mmm!

Hooters and it's cheap yet good quality food (and very filling) definitely did not disappoint. I'd say it was better than Wicked Spoon's buffet and Mon Ami Gabi's dinners!
Three things:
1. Our server was very kind (black chick).
2. Another server was a bitch, rolling her eyes at our request for new utensils, since we received dirty ones (blonde chick). She did not grant our request.
3. Wings were below average. It filled me up, but did not satisfy.
This place blows.  Staff seems bored and depressed, not to mention rude.  Plus there was a 20 minute wait for an empty bar/restaurant.  Lame.
Inattentive waitress keeps forgetting us both food and drink -- wanders off and must be flagged down. Food is greasy and flavorless, even the burger bun. Disgusting.
I'm writing this from my room on the 17th floor or the Hooters hotel.  I'm sorry that so many of the previous reviews had a bad time here, I certainly am not.

I'd dropped by the $3 blackjack table on my last two trips to Vegas and had a good time.  I decided to try taking advantage of their winter deal when I knew I'd be back here.  When I read some of the reviews below, i was nervous but went forward with it.  I'm so glad I did.

Check in was quick, I received my deal benefits easily.  I love how small the place is.  I don't have to walk two miles to get from my room to the front desk, a restaurant, and casino games.

Everyone that I have encountered on staff has been very helpful and gracious.   It's a bit cold for the pool, but it looks like it's fun in the summer.

One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is spend a couple hours in the morning playing $3 blackjack at Hooters.  if I came in before noon, I've never had a problem finding a seat and normally am up a few bucks when I walk away.  The game staff has been great, helpful, and kind (this morning Bill and Fangsu were great.. the floor manager Joe was also a treat).

Last time I stayed in Vegas, I was at the Mirage.  Fancy place, but I felt that my room and bathroom were way smaller than the one I'm in right now.

Compared to RESORTS, this hotel is probably a three star, but according to Yelp, four stars is "Yay!  I'm a fan!" which is definitely true and five means it's as good as it gets.  For this price, it is as good as it gets and all of the staff that I have encountered has been great. I'll be back and suggest it to friends. It's a good hotel to hang out, play a little, and check out Vegas.  It's right off the strip and my room had a great view of Luxor, Excalibur, New York, and MGM.  I think this is an excellent hotel to stay at if you're not being fancy-pants!
After checking out of the Luxor we decided to stay one more night in Vegas. We found Hooters & for $30 we weren't expecting much. But when we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are pretty big & the bathroom has a fairly large counter. There were 4 girls so we loved having all that space. Plus there were enough outlets for everything. The casino was also pretty cool. I didn't get to sign up for the players card but I heard its a great deal. Plus its right next to tropicana & across from MGM. I walked next door around 3am to play over there & it was lit up enough that I felt safe. Awesome location.
Stopped in at hooters for wings and drinks, was pretty satisfied.

The service was good, loved the fried pickles, and the wings were delicious. They also have some great drink specials.

Def someplace worth checking out for a bite to eat.
My waitress was very efficient. She was pretty busy but she too good care of us! I ordered the Cheesy Totts, they were ok. They were a little skimp on the bacon and sour cream, and although it was ok, I dont think i'd order that again. My friend ordered the Caesar salad which in our opinion had too much dressing. She ordered that to be healthy and we all know there are lots of calories in dressing. We also ordered the caramel fudge cheesecake. Its was ok, the fudge on the bottom of the cheesecake was a little overwhwhelming for me. The chocolate syrup swirled on the the plate would've been enough chocolate for me. But otherwise it was good. So I give this Hooters 3 stars because it was all around OK. Nothing, not the food or the service was great. In addition it was about a 35 minute wait, there were a lot of empty tables, im thinking they were short staffed and should hire more people so they can accomodate more people so the wait is in turn shorter, just a thought.
We had a great time here! The Raack-n-Roll show was great too, very sexxxy and the comedian was funny too!
I would give them no stars if possible. For Vday we all wanted some steak, we saw the  $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel and ventured over. The host was RUDE, we stood there for 15 minutes (no joke) before he hung up and decided to turn around and said in a stern voice "Uh can I help you?" .... Um ya we're here to eat - duh - but instead we just said "We'd like to be seated" - service was HORRIBLE.... took forever to get refills or drinks in the first place.... food had no flavor and was not appetizing at all. Took forever to get a check or be checked up on.... I paid the bill for 4 - $80 NOT WORTH SPENDING..... I didn't even wanna tip the guy - but I gave em 10% anyways.... 

***Oh and they were NOT EVEN busy**** Just saying....
I came here for the first time to eat dinner with my friends and I must say I wasn't impressed. While the waitress was very friendly, it didn't make up for the lack of effort put into making the food. I decided to try their "world famous wings" since it appeared to be the most popular menu item. After a very long time waiting, my wings arrived and they were very cold. I couldn't bring myself to eat very many and just found a few that were warm.

Would I say I had a good first time? not really. 
Would I go here again? probably not, ill just stick to Wing Stop.
This was hands down the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at in America.  After paying over $150 per night due to a busy President's Day weekend, I was given a horrible experience.  

  The stay started with an incredibly janky elevator that looked like something out of a bad horror movie.  It was filthy and lurched disturbingly between floors.  When we got to the room, it was small, not too dirty.  The door handle in the bathroom didn't work and I got stuck until I jiggled it enough in the right direction to open it.  Also, I had to fix the toilet that night because it would not stop running.  All of these things along with the price made for a horrible experience.  I would recommend ANY other hotel in Vegas unless you are willing to put up with a poor experience.  I would not doubt the possibility of pests or bed bugs in such a run-down place either, so that brings us down to the 1 star.
HIGHLY disappointed! Far too overpriced & its crappy as hell. Even the quality of their wings was worthless. Will NOT be coming back
Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
Yet another Hooters (shhhh...it's a chain) Usual Hooters fare, see wingsday special. Good experience with the manager here who worked with us to get in a large group for an event we are planning. As they say, "Delightfully Tacky, Yet Unrefined." I prefer this location to the one in the Hooters casino. Not sure why, maybe because I like Sunset Station better.
Cheap. Clean. You get what you pay for.  Don't expect the Ritz on a Mote 6 receipt :). 1.50 long necks all day every day. .25 cent wings from midnight to 6 am.  Free parking. Free WIRED Internet.  But hey, it's cheap, convenient and has some good deals. Oh and the pools amazing and the tattoo parlor is actually quite good (ask for lisa!)
YUCK. Don't waste your money. Service sucked as well. We watched 2 groups of people get seated, order, eat and leave before we got our food. The food taste like fried batter, no matter what you were eating. I know, I know, we were eating fried chicken wings, but there was no flavor of the hot sauce or chicken, just FRIED garbage. And they charge you extra for ranch with chicken wings...who does that??
OK, I've never been to a Hooters before, and I thought this would be cool to go since It was VEGAS!!! 

Not what I expected :( I was very exited for my male cousins,uncles and even my Hubby!!

So when I think of hooters,I think of beautiful women well at least not in this location sorry Ladies but your Ugly attitude detroys everything

Bad bad bad ...the food, the waitresses, the service. Step your game up Hooters
Room OK but hard to find. They have no maps to find your way around. They add Resort Fee of $8.50 per day on top of cost of room, taxes, and other fees. Resort Fee is payable when you check out. I think this is a Rip Off. I will not stay here again. There are too many resorts that don't try to "Rip you off" when you leave.
Service wasn't that great and the food was just mediocre. I haven't been inside this casino since it opened until now. My bf wasn't impressed with his meal and we had it comped off.
Booked a Saturday night stay after Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $50 (+$8 resort fee) for a standard tower room.  Tried to check in 1hr before check-in time but no go. They said the rooms weren't available yet but did lock up my luggage so I was free to roam.

Was assigned a room in the Ocean View tower. Bed was comfortable, no flat screen and the decor, well it's Hooters' knotty pine and tropical prints. The whole place is starting to show some wear. My bathroom, while clean, had a shower/tub leak that looked as though it rotted out the metal door frame bottom - and left a wet spot on the carpet after use (which I didn't catch when 1st moving in.)

The bottom of the parking garage had a bunch of room furniture stored there so I thinking there may be some renovating going on. Would probably give a 3.5 rating (aside from the shower/tub leak.) Staff is helpful, dealers surly and clients were friendly. OK value if you just need a decent room to crash in and tough to beat the $50 range on a weekend - just 1 city block from Trop & MGM.
I been to Hooters many times.  I really like their breaded hot wings.  Service has been hit or miss but overall I will continue to return
I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
I have always been a fan of the hooters wings . But on this perticular day I was in a bad mood ( hubby and I did not sleep well) My first impression of our waitress Nicole was uh oh but she turned out to be sooo awsome she got our food to us fast and when I was unhappy with my drink (It was way to spicey) she tried to get me an extra shot of vodka to lighten it up for me. ( Her manager who I don't think as highly of said no) she brightend up to very grumpy people. Thanks again Nicole.
i can't explain how disappointed i was last night when i went to hooters casino, stopped for there .25 wing promotion. i ordered my wings naked with bbq and hot sauce, the waitress said i couldn't have it that way " they can't put both sauces on" one or the other, hmmm dumb i know, ok now she brings them and neither is on, there over cooked and greasy. good news, buds where 2.50 but a soda was 2.99. in conclusion, never ever ever go to hooters for wings. one more thing the servers were'nt even in the traditional hooters outfits.
This hotel is such a waste of money, your better off staying in a no name hotel. I had to get a last minute room on a busy weekend so I really had no choice.

In a nutshell
The minute we got to the hotel no one helped us, valet person just watched us open our trunk and get our bags out, until I finally asked him for a luggage cart

Got inside our room, old t.v., trash can was so stained and old it was so gross, the water in the shower kept going super hot to super cold, the t.p. was so thin we went through two rolls in one day, the walls were patched everywhere, our bathroom door handle didn't work, the air conditioner was a wall unit (old), also we could hear the people in the next room through the bathroom vents.

I gambled in the Hooters casino for 1 1/2 hours and never once saw a waitress so I was unable to get a drink.

Bottom line this hotel is a total WASTE of money! There are better places to stay for the money. I should have known better then to say here but like I said I didn't have much choice.

Crappy restaurant and even crappier hotel and casino.
I've stayed here in the past, and my friends had a room here this time around, so I was inside the room for an hour or 3 while they got ready (sometimes women take a long time. a looooong time). The rooms are small, but theres plenty of space to do shots with everyone before running out onto the strip.

Any ways, I hated staying here, it wasn't my cup of tea though there wasn't anything inherently wrong about it. I'm just picky I guess. But I really enjoy the ambiance on the casino floor for casual fun. If i'm feeling fancy, I head over somewhere else, but when I'm romping and stomping with a big group, we usually end up here at least for a bit. I'm a big fan of hooter's restaurants already (love hot wings) and this is like one big hooters restaurant, but with slot machines and craps tables.

I actually managed to come up 190 bucks on a hot table here (later lost on poker in the Aria) so I enjoyed it more than usual. Even if I lost it all it would of been ok since we had some fun with friendly and totally wasted strangers.

This is probably the closest to the strip hotel/casino that doesn't have roaches and is under 100 bucks most of the year. It's good if you're on a budget, or don't actually plan on sleeping in the rooms.
Meh. Really was nothing more than a place to sleep in. I'm not going to complain too much, but lets be honest: what the hell are you expecting for $35 a night?
Fail!  Prior to coming to Las Vegas I signed up for the Owl Card from Hooters online because of the promotional free play of $200.00.  I was so excited! But instinctively I knew something didn't add up.  Finally got the chance to stop by Hooters Casino today to claim the physical Owl Card, the cashier said the promotion was a marketing error! I was so disappointed!  They should've sent me an email explaining the marketing error so I didn't have to waste my time driving in 90 degrees weather, stuck in traffic on Las Vegas Blvd, and had to fight for parking. I'm very unhappy.
Heard a lot of good things about this place, and that's why 
i went ......WOW the place is small and smelly !!! never going back again
Seems like a lot of the Hooters girls need a reality check:

1. Just because you're wearing booty shorts and a push up bra doesn't mean you're automatically hot. Ok? Calm your fake tits

2. Being extra nice adds to your hotness factor

3. Some guys like stuck up b*tches, most people don't

4. Attitude adjustment, hello! 

As for the casino, I was able to get $100 free playing money for the slots which was pretty cool & a good time waster. I didn't win anything though, the house always wins.
Came here at around 6:00 AM... maybe we were in the wrong place, but none of the servers were Hooters girls... kinda disappointed in that... but service was good.  We got 50 wings (at 25 cents a piece) plus some fries... the fries were actually really good.... hot, crispy and seasoned... the wings had a lot of meat and were just crazy drowned in butter and sauce... it's one of those meals where you feel lucky to be alive and not dead of a heart attack when you're done.  Paper towels on the table.  I left early to take a dump so not sure if there were wet naps at the end.
well going to this casino reminds me to a T! of the restaurant.. which may have been there downfall! lol it didn't look fancy ...or spectacular to me in anyway.. well we just went in for some wings anyways they had some good tables to play at like 3 dollar blackjack.. but it was my last day in Vegas and we were very broke lol so i didn't get to play. overall wing were the same.
The last 4 of June 2012 my husband my mom a group of friends we decide to go for Hooter wings because the location is in Phoenix AZ is very good
1. silly thing they did the group of 8 people we wanna be together in the same table was impossible because was impossible why is no tables for a big group of people 
2.THE CHARGE FOR THE RANCH DRESSING stupid thing a DOLLAR for a half of the little thing 
3.they toke the own gratuity well on that one i am half and half I'm never leave a dollar tip but toked just like that i don't like it at all 
I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS HOOTER RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS IF YOU WANT TO EAT WITH OUT STRESS SPEND YOUR MONEY SOME WHERE ELSE
My wife and I had lunch here, and we were both very impressed. She had a frozen strawberry margarita that she said was one of the best she ever had; I'm not a margarita guy, but I tried it and was blown away.

The service was solid, and the food was pretty good. It's a little strange that fries aren't an advertised side with burgers (and therefore cost extra), but it wasn't a huge jump in price so I didn't think of it as a huge deal.

All in all, a solid place to get a quick, informal bite to eat.
I love this hotel - decent location (not the best, but decent) - 20 minutes to Planet Hollywood and Bellagio.

The rooms are biiiiiig, and stylish (they actually managed to create a nice design even with the wood paneling, both in the room and in the hotel).

The pool is area is really nice (you can actually enjoy some shade in the afternoon).

Watch out for the $9.95/day resort fees though
I'm basing my rating mainly on customer service.

During my 4 night stay, I had the opportunity to interact with several employees. People who work at the front desk, restaraunt, maintenence & engineering and phone operators. I did not gamble and I don't drink.

It wasn't until the day before my flight that I decided to read some reviewsand all I found was negative things. it spooked me, but still, everything was already paid for so I followed through. 

I learned on youtube how to inspect a room for bed bugs when you get there. And how to prepare your belongings before you leave. Thankfully all was good. No bed bugs. At least, not in my room.

However!

When I got there my toilet was backed up. Gross! Picked up the phone and dialed 0 for the operator. There was no waiting time or music. An immediate answer. I like that. It only took the maintenence guy 5 minutes to arrive with a plunger. He had a good ense of humor about it. But the plunger wasn't enough so he went back out and in only another 5 minutes was back with a snake. Mission accomplished! He'd fixed it. He even insisted on finding something to make it smell good. More importantly, it stayed fixed. 

He did return on Friday to replace the air conditioner that was only blowing hot air. It took me 2 nights to realize it because I rarely spent time in the room and so I hdnt tried to use it. Agan great service making the call, quick response time and a quick replacement time.

The restaraunt was great. I only ate at The Onion Grill because I'm not into the greasy party food places. And so yes, The Onion Grill had decent food at a bargain price. I'm consistenly focused on improving my eating habits sincee I've been engaged in working out with P90X, Insanity, RevAbs and now moving on to Body Beast. All available at FitnessCompensation.com And being that I was on a budget, it seemed just right for me. The service was always better than Id expected. Seated quickly and never felt rushed while I was at the table. The food tasted great and was delivered quickly.

Oh.. Before I forget..
The room had a few large stains on the carpet. Looked as if the room had been rearranged or renovated. The wood lining on the walls, the mattress and boxspring under it and the wooden furnature was all new. The rug wasn't new though, and I noticed it.

In a nutshell..
Despite the room needing a few fixes, which were handled promply. I enjoyed my stay overall. I slept well at night and left with a smile because I felt my business was appreciated there. and when I come back next year, I already know where I'm staying.
Ballin' on a budget!  For this trip hell ya!!  My two bros and I stayed here for 3 nights and paid a total of $100.  We spent our money else where and just used this place to sleep/shower.  Value was great, room was alright, but you get what you paid for.  The pool area was nothing to drool over.  If you love wings and are hungry after a night of gallivanting, then you found the spot for cheap eats!
On a budget?  Yes!

Need a location close to the strip?  Yes!

Enjoy inexpensive food?  Yes!

Hooters fan?  YES YES YES!

If you answered yes to one or all of the above questions, then Hooters Casino is your destination in Sin City!

Our room was available for a late check-in as promised after verifying my reservation and mentioning my tardy arrival.  My RSVP was actually booked for the previous night; however, due to flight constraints, I did not arrive as scheduled.  

We were fortunate to receive a no-frills corner room that was handicap accessible with a view of the liquor store and Motel 6.  I guess everyone is challenged when under the influenced!  The room served its purpose as a spot to recover from a late night / early morning festive events.  We were fortunate to be close to the ice machine.  :)

Hooters offered various food promotions and bargain prices such as:
* .50 cent wings from 10pm to 6am with a purchase of a $2.50 mug
* $3 steak (6 oz), eggs, toast
* $5.99 steak (8 or 12oz) from 11am to 9pm by signing up with the Hooters Owl Club (Players Club)

The $3 breakfast can be ordered from the bar by the sports book.  Wait time was minimal compared to the actual restaurant (Onion club).

Also there's a pool at the Hooters casino; however, don't expect the scene to resemble "Rehab" ala Hard Rock Casino.  But you can have wings n beer delivered straight to your reclining chair!  In addition the pool is open 24 hours including the two hot tubs!  HOOT there it is!
Think Vegas Vacation. Clark Griswold is playing in the casino off the strip. Low end, small. Games like "Pick a Number", "Coin Toss", "War", "Heads or Tails", "Guess Which Hand" and "Rock, Paper, Scissors". That's the feeling at Hooter's Casino. Other casinos make you feel like you are in New York, or Paris. This one makes you feel like you are no longer on the Las Vegas strip. On the plus side, the rooms are cheap. They have a pool. Bud Lights are $2.50. Vegas on the cheap. 

"Woo hoo... Big bet for a BIG man... Sure you don't want to save a few bucks for the buffet?"
Not good I'm afraid,, I was rudely awakened by a maid bumping his vacuum on my door repeatedly at 9am and when I finely decided to get up and open the door the guy just had a smile on his face and I said what the f--ks up with banging on my door at 9am and all he said he was "it wasn't him" WTF?? I called downstairs and was put on hold , I waited and waited and my call was not taken after two tries so I go downstairs to jump in somebody's ass and all I get was a the run around ,The supervisor Said I could have a late checkout and assured me no one else would bother me and he would call housekeeping and let Them know not to knock,, what happens !! The maid walks in on me just as i was falling back asleep:-( guess that's why this place is on its way down. Iv stayed here lots and lots of times over the passed few years and I think Iv stayed there for the last time.. I served in Baghdad and was treated better:-/
ok ok so first of all this review is mainly on the Hotel aspect of it. 
I stayed here and i was definitely skeptical because it based on a restaurant theme and I wasn't exactly confident based on the yelp reviews i was reading. 

The Good
The Rooms were affordable. 
Their customer service was excellent. We had a problem with a door on our first room and they upgraded us no problem. 
The Rooms were clean. I saw pics online with wood and I thought i won't look good but when I got there it looked great and clean. Kind of like a Miami or Cancun beach hotel. 
The Swimming pool is 24 hours. Big plus for us since we got there so late. People were swimming at 2 in the morning. VEGAS baby. 
Beers were cheap $2.50
Walking distance from the center of the strip. The location was the main factor we choose this place. 

The Bad
They charge a Resort fee whether you use their pool, gym and other amenities.
The Gambling wasn't that good. I mean their gaming selection wasn't that amazing. 
The Vibe of the hotel is more beach hotel than classy stay so I looked out of place coming out to my car in a suit. 

Overall I would definitely stay here again. 
I wouldn't come here to gamble and I want people to think of this place as a more relaxed atmosphere then a classy atmosphere such as the Cosmopolitan.
This place is falling apart! To start we asked for a fridge and was told that it would be a $25 a night charge, we said NOPE. So we begain are trek from the parking garage dealing with there broken elevators and halls that smelled of urine. The rooms were the worst part. Are first room had a broken tv, the wall in the shower had almost completely fallen off, no bedding and we finally complained when the air conditioner broke. The next room was just as bad and dirty plus the wall mount air conditioner was so loud we had to shut it off to sleep in vegas heat. The pool area is rediculous very dirty, nothing like the pictures I've seen nicer pools in a backyard. All the elevators are broken suprised there allowed to still operate at all. When we checked out they told us that there was a $12 a night resort fee in a hotel that didnt even have a coffee maker. We unfortunately booked 5 nights in this dump and had to pay despite having to move rooms between are stay. I will never step foot in a hooters again after this experience.
Four stars because I love this free pool - it is pretty chill and always nice to relax at. The waterfall pool is freezing cold though and of course it's the "cool" one though but it is so cold you barely see people in it! 
The bartenders are also nice at the pool... 
However we did try to go eat inside Hooters to get some freakin' wings after swimming one day and our server failed to greet us within TEN minutes! As we were leaving a server came over like: Do you need anything?? UMMM how bout asking us that TEN MINUTES AGO?!! Anyway, if we want wings, next time we will just order from the pool bartenders!
ew
I have been a fan of this place for a while. I have stayed here a few times throughout the years. I like the rooms, the only problem is the location of the casino from the strip. Although it is still super close walking distance. I love the 25cent wings after midnight. I like playing here as well. The only reason why I'm rating it a 3 star instead of a 4-5 star is because of the horrible rude staff there. Every single person I ran into that worked there had a horrible presence and talked to me like I wasn't worth there time. Which really made me mad. I'm a huge gambler and that made me just walk out the door.
Hooters has the name, but this is a very well worn, and updated casino ./ hotel.
The casino is roomy and clean, again, well worn,
For the cost and convenience to the strip, it is a good deal.
I'm generally a picky person when it comes to Hotels, and even though Hooters isn't the nicest hotels on the strip it certainly isn't that bad either. I have stayed at many of the 5 star hotels and some 3-4 star hotels as well...and I would I have to say that Hooters is a very clean, cozy, and comfy hotel for those on a budget looking to stay in a clean hotel. I would certainly recommend this over Luxor. Although, the new towers in Luxor are nice the older ones are sure nasty. While, Hooters is consistent throughout, and I love the fact that their pool/spa area is 24 hours.
Everything bar the wings and pina coladas was below average. BUT the wings were soooo good.
My husband and I were tired and needed a place to sit down rest for a while.  So we decided go to Hooters and we sat at the bar, my husband got a Corona and I got a frozen strawberry margarita.  I recommend the frozen margarita, it was delicious.  The atmosphere was upbeat and relaxing at the same time.  Our waitress was nice and took good care of us, always checking if we needed anything else.  They seemed to be very busy while we were there and we enjoyed ourselves so we decided to come back and eat the next time.  

When we went back to eat it was for lunch and it had just opened so it wasn't that busy.  We both enjoyed our meal, I got the Chicken strip and cheese sandwich and my husband got the Fish Sandwich.  They were both on sourdough buns and soooo good.   We had a very nice waitress that was expecting and  I thought it was neat that instead of the normal uniform warn she was wearing a t-shirt that says "Baby on Board" !!

As always we saw quite a few families enjoying themselves and the one family got their children's picture taken with the waitress and the children were smiling from ear to ear.  We have done this more than once in the past and it is nice to see others that are coming here to enjoy themselves and not just looking for a reason not to like Hooters.  It is definitely a place you can take your children to and enjoy a nice fun meal.
Wow what a dump! From the second I got out of the car in their filthy garage, walked into the dirty elevator with sticky floors and MISSING panel on the door, I knew I was in trouble.  

I was there for business, not to play in their gang banger infested pool.

The hallways and elevators inside the hotel stunk of month old sour beer and I was scared to touch anything in the room.

The people were very nice, but the only way I would stay here again is if my only other option was sleeping at the bus stop.  I checked out early wishing I never checked in in the first place.  WHERE ARE THE STANDARDS????
3 dollar blackjack!

They have a 3 dollar blackjack table!

I played forever and was up like 9 dollars!
Service slow. Food was partly cold and they didn't have the specials like the one my husband and I go to in Escondido, ca.  If you have a local hooters my bet is its better. Stick with that!
Where to begin. I've been coming to Hooters Hotel for years, my last visit having been a couple of years ago. I've never expected much from Hooters as it's always been a cheap but decent place to stay and play. Unfortunately in the last couple of years they've really let the place go. The rooms used to be a decent place to sleep, and unwind after a day of getting your butt kicked at craps. No longer. The rooms were absolutely disgusting. Missing chairs, filthy carpets with stains from God knows what on them, moldy bathrooms, rusting exposed pipes, fecal matter left in the "clean toilets", towels that were thread bear and reeked of unmentionable things (ie: they weren't well cleaned if at all). It was literally vomit inducing. 

The common areas have not fared better in recent years with missing ceiling panels, failing air conditioning, elevators that are barely functional and reek of weed and urine. The Hooters restaurant in the back of the casino is still the same as always and is what you'd expect from a run of the mill Hooters, but unfortunately the fairly nice Dan Marino's restaurant up front has been replaced with "The Mad Onion" which is just best avoided. The staff are a miserable bunch who seem generally upset to be working there, and the food isn't even deserving of the name food. I had the turkey dinner and my companions had the brisket and mozzarella sticks respectively. Not one of the meals was even half finished. They were all barely edible. The McDonald's over at Excalibur would have been a classier and more palatable choice. 

The only place it looks like they've spent any money lately is on the casino, unfortunately that too was wasted and not for the better. Most of the table games have been replaced with electronic counterparts which are just not enjoyable like "old fashioned" blackjack, roulette, etc... 

It really pains me to say this as I've been a big fan of this casino and hotel for years and made it a point to stop by even if I'm not staying here on a particular trip. But after my most recent visit I will not be returning. They've really let this place go to the point where a Motel 6 looks like the Ritz by comparison.
Seriously. I don't go to Hooters all that often, but when I do, they have a gimmick to adhere too! The normally friendly waitresses I'm used to see around where just a sham here. Very poor service. I definitely don't come here for the food! Ours completely ignored us and was a struggle to get anyone to help us. Wasn't like I was being out of control drunk (I didn't even drink alcohol, just wanted a snack and a friend was staying at the hotel). I'm sure the girls have to deal with the local or visiting normal douche bags that come in there (the clientele was very suspect), but come on, I gave you all 2, 3, 4, 5 chances.....sorely disappointed and by the looks of other reviews, I'm not the only one. As one previous reviewer said "Come on, its Vegas!". Totally. Should really step this one up. I'm sure they're getting by on name brand recognition and reputation from the logo than what this place gives out.

HOWEVER - If you're looking for a cheap hotel (as in inexpensive both for the basic room and basic floor), then you've found your place. I have friends that stay here for the price and location and they love it. No extra frills. Basic. Not one of my personal favorites, but if you're looking for this place, then it's there for you and probably would rate this much higher. Not a favorite of mine personally.
Is the name a bit crass? Yes. Is the concept a bit cheesy? You bet. Is the casino small and cramped? Sure enough. Are the wings incredibly overrated? Words can not describe. That being said, if crass, cheesy, cramped and overrated are your thing, by all means do stop in. That is the great thing about Las Vegas, there is something for everyone. I will mention one good feature, the pool is quite festive. So what the hay, go ahead and give this place a spin. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I was really craving fried chicken. Because I frequent all the Hooters restaurants in Los Angeles and am never disappointed, stopping by this Hooters was no-brainer!

We were a group of 3 girls and when we walked in the hostess scantily greeted us. Then she kept us standing at the podium for one minute while we watched her have a PERSONAL conversation with her coworker right in front of us!! It was unreal. She then proceeded to take the menus and drop them on our table....She didnt tell us to have a good meal and she didnt even wait for us to sit down. (I watched her do this to everyone else)

Once our server came, she was like a breath  of fresh air. Unfortunately I forgot her name but she was very quick and attentive. She did whatever it took to make and keep us happy. My friends enjoyed their food but my chicken was a little too greasy for my liking. I also ordered the buffalo shrimp and there was nothing buffalo about them! They were dry and gross! 

This location is pretty big but there were NO BOOTHS in sight. We had to sit on barstools that did not support our backs..VERY PAINFUL! The location was not as clean as I would have liked it to be and there seemed to be no manager on site....Overall this was a bad experience and I will never visit this location again.
So I Decided To Take A Summer Trip To Vegas With A Few Friends..We Decided On Hooters Because It Would Only Be $75 For 4 Days Which Is Cheap Considering Im Not Gonna Be In The Room Anyways But To Shower And Maybe Sleep. We Checked In Were Greeted By Marcos At The Check In Desk I Gave Him My ID And Card Be Proceeded To Tell Me It Would Be A $300 Deposit Plus $11/ Day Resort Fee. I Didnt Know About A Deposit And Refused To Pay It After Arguing I Got To Only Put Down A $100 Deposit. We Get The Room Keys And Were On The Ninth Floor And It Was Right Next To The Elevators So You Can Hear Them Coming Up And Down All Night..The Room Was Clean The Beds Were Comfortable The Pool Is Awesome The Downfall Was The Deposit And Rude Customer Service..I Wouldnt Come Again
Considering what I got for $20 per night, this place might actually deserve five stars. But it just doesn't seem right somehow. . .I mean, it's a Hooters. $20 (plus a resort fee though. . .don't forget about that sneaky little mofo) got me a pretty great room here. I think they might have upgraded me, but it was surprisingly nice, alarmingly spacious, and refreshingly clean. Pretty decent view too. This was my home base for several days when I first moved down here and was looking for an apartment, and it did its job admirably. The Mad Onion restaurant, though nothing to write home about, also did its job. For an early (like before 6am early) breakfast, the special prices can't be beat. Chicken fried steak for like 3 bucks or something. A-ok in my book. My only real gripe. . . NO WIFI. none. They do have wired access in the rooms, but my computer doesn't have an ethernet plug so that did me no good. And I think it costs extra anyway. Still, for the budget traveler who wants to stay in a place that is effectively on the Strip (definitely close enough to be convenient), this is certainly worth checking out.
Sure - maybe the painted palm tree shadows that adorn the outer walls of Hooters Hotel and Casino don't necessarily catch your eye quite like the fountains outside the Bellagio or the roller coaster outside New York New York might... but don't be too quick to judge! 

Hooters will hook you up.  Seriously, I've stayed there twice: once I paid $35 per night, and the other time we took advantage of a friend's free two-night stay promotion that came in the mail.  And when they say free, they mean it... no small print or extra fees, just a kick-ass time set to the timeless beats of Prince's Purple Rain.  (I mean it, they must have played through that entire album like five times throughout my three-day stay... and I am certainly not complaining!)
 
Okay, so the rooms aren't fabulous... they've been known to have some unidentifiable brown stains on the carpet and I'd prefer not to imagine what other horrors would surface with aid of a black light. The casino is small and the cocktail waitresses are often old and jaded (but don't worry guys - the mandatory uniform still includes tight orange booty shorts)... However, in my opinion, all of this simply adds to the character of the place! Hooters is close enough to the strip, and to the shuttle that takes you through Excalibur, Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, that you can easily get your fill of the flashier money-pits that make Vegas what it is... and then, broke but too drunk to care, you can meander on back to Hooters at 5am with no trouble at all. Maybe even stop at Coco's on the way for a Lumberjack Breakfast.  Honestly, it's kind of a relief to be back in a smaller, less overwhelming casino after hours navigating the endless mazes that characterize the monster hotels... I mean, they are designed specifically to keep you in. 

I root for the Hoots!!
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Rates are cheap for very good reasons. For example: furniture missing from room, air conditioning inoperative (in 100+ degree heat). No hot water in room for hours. You get what you pay for. Stay away from this hotel.
My boyfriend loves hooters' wings and with his first visit to Vegas was pretty stoked to have some wings there. The service was terrible. We were not greeted for 15 minutes, and when someone actually came by she stated "you havent been helped? I guess I can help you" When food finally started to arrive, after waiting another 15 minutes for our beer, the wrong food starting arriving. When we spoke up the waitress just looked confused and walked away. After ten more minutes, the right food arrived you could say, my cheeseburger was a piece of meat on bread. No lettuce, mayo, nothing. The food was so greasey and bad we left and had to lay down it made us sick.
My friends were too lazy and hungover to go elsewhere, so we decided to go to go to Hooters, since it was across the street from our hotel.  It was my first time here, so I was kind of excited.

I came with 3 of my guy friends.  They got soup and we ordered the 50 pc wings which were all so dry.  Guess it's overly priced b/c they have waitresses in their outfits.  Being my first time here, I just thought it was funny we had a pregnant waitress; at least she was fit haha.
The wings were so dry, I used up 3/4 of a new bottle of Hooters hot sauce.  My friends were shocked how much hot sauce I used up.  They thought I was messing around when I poured a lot of sauce on my plate.  Nope, I love sauce in general lol

If people like girls in those outfits, they should checkout the Viet cafes.  You'll see more for a cheaper price LOL

My first time, probably my last...
Really relaxing and enjoyable experience. Great wait staff. It's nice to be able to eat a down-home buffalo chicken sandwich at a good price while in such an overpriced town. Everything we had was good from the boneless wings to the fries. Beer prices are pretty decent too. Definitely a good departure for one meal while staying in Vega$.
Typical Hooters, this one just happens to be inside the Hooters casino. Service was average.
Given the Hooters reputation, this was a disappointment, especially for Vegas. Service was average and the food was too. Our orders came out incorrectly the first time. The second time, they were scattered so we didn't have our meal together.  We originally planned to dabble in the casino with their rewards card promo, but it's quite the catch. You gamble the money and you might get back fifty percent of your net loss. Meh. Not interested. Not worth visiting at all.
Horrible horrible hotel. Old and dirty and way to expensive for what we received. The floor our room was on smelled like pee. They had a dryer outside the elevator for the 4 days we were here and finally on the last day we almost couldn't smell the pee any more. My friend also got food poisoning from the wings. So be careful!

The only thing that was great about this hotel was the staff. They were absolutely amazing. Super friendly and really made you feel special. JB who worked at the pool was really nice and always made sure we were well taken care of. 

I do not think I will ever stay here again but if I did it would only be because if the staff. NOT the hotel or food
It was ok. The hotel room was fine. Clean and I had fresh towels everyday. Tv was kind of old but no big deal. Pool area was solid. Casino was very small and the only real table game they had was blackjack, which I don't play. But the location was solid at the north end of the strip and the price was in my range (like $60.00 a night) for my 3 nights. I would stay agin if I had too, but their are better hotels for a little more money.
Love this Place! Stayed here many times in the past and will stay many more. It's a smaller property but thats a major PLUS! Awesome pool, great gambling, the slots are loose and I always win there for some reason. Staff is very nice & accomadating. Our room has always been big & spotless, beds very comfortable. Food is ok, beer is very cheap and there's always something going on in this place to keep ya there. Rooms are always CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and beyond their worth.
It is what it is.  A dump.

But it's not a total loss.  For a certain group of people, this hotel & casino would work just fine.  Sadly, ours was not that group.

Book ahead of time to get the best rates.  I paid $160 for three nights over a weekend in September and that included taxes.

Apparently the best rooms are in the Ocean Towers.  I saw a friends room in the other tower and it was even worse than mine.

The rooms are bad but not horrible.  My room didn't have a bedspread but no big deal.  I lived without it.  Internet is via ethernet cable but is slow.  On the 10th floor of the Ocean tower facing west I received 4G on my phone during the evening and 3G during the day so I just tethered to it.

The rooms are very dated, carpets stained, and walls show a little damage with bumps and scrapes.  There's a safe in the room but mine was inoperable.  

The bed sheets were sterile white along with the pillow covers so sleeping in the bed was actually quite fine.

The A/C unit sounds like a broken chain saw but stayed "on" the entire time so I used it to drown out noises from the hall and adjacent rooms.  Yes, the walls appear to be paper thin.

Old "box" style TV's in the armoire.  Two dozen channels and mine were mostly "fuzzy".

Everything is fairly cheap when compared to the other hotels.  The little store by the elevators sells pop, water, chips, beer, etc... It's very reasonable.  They pour mega-strong drinks at the bars and they have $3 and $5 black jack tables on a Saturday night.  It's small and easy to get around in.

The sports book is laughable.

It's a 5 minute walk to the Tropicana, 8 to MGM, 12 to NY NY, and 15 to the Monte Carlo.  

Plug your nose as you reach the sidewalk going to the Tropicana.  The bums have made a home on the NW corner of the Hooters property near the sidewalk and use the small wooded area there to vacate their bowels.  It smells like a Mexican suburb in July.

The rooms are dimly lit and a little depressing.

This wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  It's just not a good one.  I won't stay here again personally, but that being said, I can see a segment of the population that would.
I've stayed here and played here a few times. The hotel rooms are very clean and much nicer than some I've had at hotels considered to be better than this one. I've also always done well in their Casino. This is usually the first place I check if I need a good bargain on a hotel in Vegas. Its not always dirt cheap on busy weekends but most of the time it is.
Went in last week for dinner before hitting the casino.  My wife ordered the chicken sliders and I ordered the steak sandwich.  After a prolonged wait our food arrived.  My steak was on a bun that was stale so I just pushed it aside and ate the steak.  The mini buns on my wife's chicken sliders were even worse.  I called our server over and told her the buns were so stale she literally could not eat them.  No apology, no can I get you a fresh bun, no nothing.  Aside from the food being terrible the servers never smiled, never made us feel welcome.  Seemed all they wanted to do was sit around and talk among themselves.
First off, "It ain't the Wynn and if you want the Wynn, stay at the Wynn!" This place is not fancy or pretentious. However, if you want an affordable, casual and fun place to stay, then this is TOTALLY your destination.    I had concerns based on some of the reviews about what was to be expected. I am happy to reassure to all of you that this place rocks! The rooms are clean but a little beat up. I spoke to the General Manager who told me they were in the process of updating everything. The food was good and affordable, especially breakfast at the Onion!  The casino is a gem. The tables are affordable and the dealers are enjoyable to talk to, joke with and they are good with advice if you are new to gambling or not sure what to do. However, the best part of this destination are the people.  From the Pit Bosses, to the waitresses, the desk staff, and housekeeping, everyone was delightful and really wanted to make our stay special! It is obvious that the management team knows about service and is making sure that everyone is focused on doing the right thing for everyone.  The casino is a little small, but it gives you an almost family feel which was completely unexpected. I strongly recommend this hotel and casino and will definitely be going back!
Hello everyone, 

I had to create a Yelp account just to inform people how HORRIBLE this hotel really is. Where to start. We got in on a Friday, when we got to the room it smelled horrible. The TP holder was under the sink in the corner with TP rolls sitting on the counter. They must of been to lazy to pick it up and put it back. After I fixed that I sat down to relax and watch some TV.. Well that was a JOKE! I turned on the TV and every channel was staticky and couldn't watch... Yes, I had a nice view of the pool. But as I opened the sliding door to the balcony (which you could only take one step out on and no room to move) the door almost FELL off. I had to catch it before it went over the railing...... The carpets were filthy!! Location SUCKS! After the horrible weekend at hooters I was so glad to get home to a nice clean environment.. I get a call from hooters saying we got charged an extra $300 for the "Damages" . WORST HOTEL EVER DO NOT STAY HERE! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND UPGRADE TO THE MOTEL 6 NEXT DOOR.
Let me start with how we ended up staying at this hotel, my friend found a baragin price on Expedia ( $44 for a Friday and Saturday night stay and ending up adding on Sunday night for $34). Arrived very early on Friday morning, had a delicious bargain breakfast at the The Mad Onion located on the casino floor next to the bar. We checked in and found the room to be OK, clean, the bathroom could use a little update.. The casino is very small. We played some roulette, very friendly table host. My husband and I didn't have great expectations for our stay but did find our stay quite comfy. We did enjoy a late night dip in the jacuzzi, the crowd was a bit "sketchy" but not too uncomfortable, the jacuzzi did have a bit too much clorine, made my eyes burn a bit. All in all this hotel is economical and decent.  If your on a budget and want to stay near the south end of the strip, this maybe the hotel for you.
Post-lunch hours.  45 minutes late and super greasy wings which mushed up the coating on the bottom wings.  The waitress was friendly enough but I'd much rather come to DanMarinoRedOnionNewName at 2 am, when I don't know any better.
Well for the price, think EASY 8 Motel meets Hooters Casino and Restaurant downstairs.  NO WIFI - big drawback there, the rooms need upgrade, the bathrooms were 1990's era. however the room was clean.  So the hotel gets the low rating.  Now the Casino, decent small, not so crowded casino, was nice. $3 blackjack was nice so you can warm up, made a few bucks there, Saturday Nights are hopping there, a live band and it was fun I went back to the casino alot
If your looking for a clean, low budget place "on the strip" this place isn't too bad. Just don't expect a lot from a old hotel "renovated" to look like a Hooters restaurant (A little Vegas trivia, Hooters Hotel and Casino used to be The San Remo).

When I go to Vegas I usually look for a few things in my hotel: Easy access to other casinos and activities, a clean room (clean sheets, floor, bathroom) and close walk to elevators.

Other things I like in my room that are nice but not necessary: Wi-Fi, a nice view (strip, the pool, etc), flat screen tv.

Hooters Hotel and Casino isn't exactly close to any other casinos other than MGM (across the street but still a 10 min walk) and Tropicana (next door)

The room, although not fancy was clean and comfortable, small tv (no problem, I'm not in Vegas to watch TV), wired internet (no wi-fi in the rooms or casino) didn't even work (not too big of a problem, but when you have to pay for a B.S. "Resort Fee" that includes internet, that all the hotel/casinos are charging these days (except Caesars (Harrah's) brand of hotels in Vegas), I'm not too happy. My friend did, at the end of the stay, talked to the front desk about getting the Resort Fee taken off because our internet didn't work in the room and was successful in doing so. 

The casino downstairs is very small, The dealers (dressed like the Hooter girls you see in the restaurants) are fun and make it a fun place to play on a small budget. They do have a $3 Blackjack table, which as the one and only $3 table can be hard to get to sit down on especially on a weekend.

As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I won't be staying here again anytime soon, but if it was my only option, it's not too bad.
Hooters hotel and casino is a serviceable place very near the LV strip.  Located behind the Tropicana and across from the driveway for the MGM Grand means that you can access those properties pretty quickly.  However, I think one can do better for an off-strip room.  

The casino is clean and well staffed and the band was very good.  Check-in was problematic on a Friday evening because of the noise level.  Overall try Imperial Palace for a better experience.  That's right, IP (or the Quad as it is now called) is a better experience. 'Nuf said.
Can't say much for the food as I only had a beer. As for the beer, they list having 'many, many more' types of beer on draft after listing Bud, Bud Light, Miller, one hefe, and one other lager. Really do I have to go the bar and look? And the waitress doesn't know? And then my 16oz is served in a plastic cup. And this Hooter's must have the highest concentration of pregnant servers. I saw two of 'em.

Didn't help I saw the Giants get creamed. At least the Niners won though.
Casino Rating only - 
Decent blackjack rules here.  I did not see any 6/5.
The sign out fron says 'loose video poker', but 8/5 JOB isnt what I'd refer to as 'loose' - just barely tolerable.
The dealers were competent Hooters gals, dressed in sexy outfits without being trashy (or so I thought).  And a gaggle of girls met patrons at the door on this saturday night, much to the delight of the young men coming in.
A competent live band was playing 80s hits in the casino, but management has them 'mushed down' to the point where it just didnt sound too good (mushed down - guitars/vocals turned way down, drummer behind plexiglass noise barrier).
Ya, I'd gamble here.
This place was like a Motel 6 that served wings.

I orgazined a bachelorette party in Las Vegas for a weekend with 11 girls.  The weekend was great minus this hotel.  The service was terrible, slow, and everytime seemed to get worse and worse.  The staff were rude and unhelpful. Our rooms were screwed up.  The hallways smelled like vomit.  It tooke us over an hour to try and get a bell hop (there were 11 of us) and finally, we just gave up and made three trips down stairs. I contacted management to complain, via e-mail, when I returned home and heard nothing back.  Unacceptable.

I wouldn't stay here again if I was paid to.  When I think about it, take away the wings, and you are better off at a Motel 6.
Am I writing a review for Hooters the Hotel/Casino, or Hooters the Restaurant? I'm so confused. I came here to eat... cuz you know me and women... we're like.. well, Will & Grace. :P 

For being a Hooters Hotel & Casino, you would THINK that the Hooters restaurant would be... humongo. Nope. Wrong! It's ... actually smaller than your average Hooters establishment in your local vicinity. I think the one in Anaheim, CA is the biggest one I've been to. 

Food is standard with any other Hooters, and so is the service.
If you know you're not going to stay in your room majority of the time while in Vegas, then this is the spot. One only had to stay one night and it was only 20.00 and upside is that its on the strip. We checked it at 11pm and was starving. Thank goodness they have a 24hr restaurant that serves Prime Rib at 9.99. In all, Hooters is NOT a 5 star hotel so don't expect it to be.
We had a bachelorette party here of 8 girls. The hotel staff was really great and accommodating. Rooms were fine. Lots of mirrors everywhere for all of us putting our ho outfits on and vegas makeup at the same time.

We got a cabana one day at the pool which was amazing! Highly recommended. Pool was fun with a live dj. It was a weird mix of a crowd- babies, children and the regular Bach/bachelorette groups. 

Taxis easy to get and when we called housekeeping and the bellhop they were a,ways helpful.
There wasn't one issue with this place! The room was very clean and didn't feel dated, it's not that far from the strip, we got free late check out easily, and the pool scene is not as crowded as the other big hotels. I would definitely recommend this place
I booked here with a bit of apprehension but we were going to a concert across the street at the MGM and the price was half of the MGM  We had a great time here. Service was excellent, pool was very nice and the room was great. It was not as nice or as clean as the MGM but well worth the money,  There is, of course, a Hooters restaurant but the Mad Onion restaurant was excellent food and service.  Would stay again in a heartbeat
***Update***

I was contacted by someone from Hooter's Hotel and Casino with an apology and assurance that this was not their regular code of conduct.  I was offered a partial refund, which was pretty generous in my opinion.  However, after providing my travel information, I have not heard back since nor received said refund.  I appreciate the apology at least, hence the extra star.
Hooters Casino Hotel Las Vegas refused to honor my Living Social deal by stating that the day I requested to check in was a "blackout date". However, the day was NOT listed amongst the blackout dates listed on my Living Social printout! Hooters then stated that there are additional blackout dates that were not provided to Living Social! I then asked to use the Paid Value of my deal for a regular priced room and Hooters refused to accept my Living Social deal in any form. I am completely unsatisfied with this hotel and I encourage everyone to beware of this scam of a hotel.
Worst food I've had this year! Even for a bar / restaurant I would expect more. Greasy tasteless stale food.
So, I stopped in to the casino for a low cost Blackjack game and a little lunch.  The Casino was a little dead so I headed over to get some lunch.  I was there about 2 pm in the afternoon.  What can I say, with a place like this the main attraction is the great looking waitstaff and second attraction is the food.  My server was great but she had to cover far too many tables.  I ordered fish tacos.  I had this at another Hooters restaurant and it was outstanding.  This was poorly cooked, and improperly seasoned.  It was a very mushy taco.  Sorry even a great waitress can't bring me back to a place that serves poorly cooked food.  Disappointed in my food, I left the casino entirely.  So my server was a 4 otherwise I would have given them a 1 or 2.
Oh man where do I start- rooms are cheap- and that's probably the best benifit about this place. Service is far beyond the customer service you are supposed to get when paying. We ate at the Hooters resturant and it seems as though the only person who wanted to be friendly was the Hostess, she sat us took our order and also checked on us- other than that we saw a lot of standing around and talking between the other girls. I am a retail manager so I know when I see an over spend in labor that is not needed. Lets see out last night there we decided to have a snack before dinner so went to the bar and grill there called Pete and Shortys we ordered some hot wings for about 12 bucks, the bar tender asked us if we wanted ranch or blur cheese - when we recieved the check we were charged 1.29 for a little side order of ranch. All in all this place isn't even worth the savings in money due to the lack of actual caring for customer service. And I haven't even began the story on having to switch rooms-
For the price I'd say what can one expect. Most cities don't have hotels for as cheap as this one so with that said it's pretty good for that.

I was there for work at night so I didn't do much gambling or walking around. I did end up eating at hooters nearly everyday for not being sure where else to eat and not wanting to be late for work... plus it's not bad so why not :)

Some of the girls weren't very nice... others were super nice and very efficient in their jobs and had actual boobs. Perhaps boobs make one nicer to others? Perhaps some felt they didn't have to be nice because I'm a girl and I'm not drinking so it doesn't matter?

Room service was fine with cleaning the room until one day a lady came in while I was eating and didn't clean anything else for the rest of my my stay there. I put the please clean sign on the outside of the door before leaving to work at night and when I returned in the morning the sign was gone.

I do understand why ppl might pay a little more though if I do come again with other ppl I'll probably hardly be in my room anyway. Though honestly I probably would've been better off staying at circus circus with all the kids since all I wanted to do in my spare time was visit the arcades any way lol
Hooters probably doesn't deserve 4 stars, but I'm giving them. Maybe I feel sorry for it for all of the low star ratings it receives, but I think I can find enough good points to warrant them.

Right, so how much time do you spend in your room when you're in Vegas? If you're like us, next to none. As long as a there's a clean bed, hot shower and enough room to spread your clothes all over the floor as you struggle to find that one t-shirt left in your suitcase that doesn't require ironing you should be fine. Hooters has all of that. Sure, it looks dated and you probably won't have much of a view (that car park we overlooked sure was pretty!) but we paid $25 a night for our stay so you won't hear a word of complaint about the room from me. You can barely get a decent lunch for two people for that price!

Hooters is off the strip, but only barely. It's a five minute walk or so, and it's also directly opposite the monorail station at MGM so it's pretty easy to get around from here. It's usually pretty quiet inside, meaning it's pretty easy to get a drink if you're gambling. There was never a line for a taxi and always a taxi outside waiting, while across the road at MGM there seemed to be dozens of people waiting for one. There are plenty of bars inside and places to grab a quick bite and it's small enough to not be ready for a nap after walking from one side of the casino to the other like everywhere else.

For $25 a night, I'll definitely stay at Hooters again.
Good casino, friendly staff and nice food. Don't know about the hotel.
Wow...they've done a nice job of updating and redoing the menu. I really like this Hooter's location. The staff is very friendly. Destinee was amazing. Somehow she was working the Hostess desk and cleaning tables and being friendly all at the same time. Our waitress was super friendly also. It was the best service I've ever had @ a Hooter's. The food is your typical Hooter's food. Grading it against other similar type places, it's better than many of them and plenty satisfying. This is an easy place to get to right off the Strip if you're looking for a diversion for what's on the Strip.
Can be great, can be crap.  I don't know how many people ever order wings without sauce but TWICE this place has delivered my wings sauceless.  We were staying at the hooters hotel and the restaurant screws up wings.  That is supposed to be their thing!  Boy was that disappointing, then when I ask for sauce they gave me attitude as if I wanted to just get free sauce.  You already don't expect much from a hooters restaurant but to get less than expected is pretty shameful.
Despite the 2.5 stars given on Yelp, we decided $42/night was a delightfully tacky, yet unrefined situation we were willing to dive head first into. Vegas served as the launch pad for our 5 day Southwest "tour," so when booking our Vegas hotel the day-of we weren't exactly worried about splurging for a Bellagio experience.  When we scrolled across Hooters shocking $42 ticket price, giggled for a moment and then said "what the hell."  We were feeling so fancy, we splurged for the tower room for an extra five bucks.

The saying "wine on a beer budget" comes to mind when I decided upon my star rating for this hotel.  For $42, my top concern was two things: decent location and clean rooms. And ya know what? Hooters did a pretty darn good job in both categories. The hotel is located right at the end of the strip across from MGM, New York New York and Excalibur. The room isn't anything fancy - ha, in fact it has a few (definitely tacky) touches of Hooters with orange lampshades, knotty pine wood trim and Hooters artwork (not tatas; however, this would be more entertaining, but a sketch of a Hooters restaurant). 

The location is very easy to find off highway 15/Tropicana Avenue. Parking is free and plentiful.  There are times when I look for a hotel that is bubbling over with character and others when the hotel is serving one purpose: safe/clean place to rest my head. Vegas may not be my cup of tea, but Hooters will most likely serve as my launch pad the next time I'm here. Hard to beat $42 for the tackiest hotel in town.
Way above expectations.  What do you expect when you get a hotel room for $25?  I didn't expect friendly service, a very comfortable room and a great time.  The hooters restaurant is just what you would expect.  The $10 prime rib at the Mad Onion was wonderful and I loved the all night pools!

Definitely a great home base to stay, grab lunch or late food and play while in Vegas.

And it is close to most major hotels!
We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon. The hotel is located off the strip but in a walking distance from the strip. We were given a room on Bay Side, facing the pool on the 8th floor. The pool/jacuzzi is open 24 hours which is VERY convenient, so bring your bathing suit!! The bathroom could use some TLC and so can the carpeting in the room. Everyone that worked in the casino were very nice, we were constantly greeted. If you get the midnight munchies, "Mad Onion" is the place to go. Don't miss Hooters!! Make sure you stop by, they open at 11 AM, not sure what time they close.
My girlfriends and I were on the hunt for a good deal in Vegas, and stumbled upon Hooters Hotel & Casino. We couldn't believe how cheap the rooms were - as long as $25 on weeknights and maybe $60 on weekends. SO much less than what you'd find on the strip. I booked 2 rooms without any problems and couldn't get over how cheap 2 rooms for 3 nights was!

With that being said, we were fully prepared for a cheap hotel experience and weren't expecting anything like Caesars or The Venetian. We were pleasantly surprised at how "nice" the place was. If you need a comparison, think of a Days Inn or Comfort Inn. The main lobby has all the gambling and blackjack tables as low as $3. There are several restaurants and apparently the pool rocks, but unfortunatley it was cold so that feature wasn't open. The rooms weren't nearly as bad as some reviewers had written. Seriously, if you want a 4+ start experience, go to a 4 star hotel!

The hotel is located just a block off the strip behind MGM. We ended up having to take a cab anytime we were too lazy (heels) or cold to walk the strip, but overall we still saved tons of money. It would have been nice to stay on the strip but hey, you get what you pay for.

The staff is pretty nice but I will tell you, bar service at Mad Onion was super slow!

Would I stay here again? Yes, if I want to have fun on a budget.
Room service is decent, we stayed for $29.99 for a Friday night on Labor day weekend. Its old time hotel pricing like it was before. Rooms are basic, a little dated but still decent. Casino slots don't pay much. They do have a resort fee. Pool is cool, restaurant is also good. Not too far from the strip and airport. Overall great place for the price.
The food is not bad. Few hot chicks. Pretty lucky place for me :P (I won money in BlackJack)
I stayed at Hooters Casino & Hotel for NYE 2013 with a small group of friends and we shared a room with two double beds. 

We paid about $350 for three nights starting with New Years Eve and this was a great deal considering I wanted to be near The Strip but refused to pay top-dollar prices. Conveniently, Hooters is located across the street from MGM which is in fact on The Strip - so there you go! If it had not been so damned cold we would have walked everywhere - but considering most mornings/nights dropped to around 30F we ended up driving more than expected. 

I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel room and casino quality (considering the price point) and would gladly return here again for a cheap room in the off-season. I've read in other reviews that their rooms are usually $30 a night and that is a great deal.  

Our room was on the 7th floor and had 2 double beds, a great view of their pool, free wi-fi and some cable TV channels (for the record - watching Law & Order SVU when drunk in Las Vegas is extra disturbing). Room service is available if so inclined. 

The CONS in terms of the hotel room: Bathtub had an issue with draining properly and you'd end up standing in the soapy water after a few mins. The beds were a bit springy. No mini-fridge.

The casino was a step above anything you'd see on Freemont - not fancy but not run down either. The bar served $4 draft beer which was quite nice. They also have those famous hot wings and a cheap prime rib dinner. I didnt eat here but my partners in crime enjoyed a breakfast of steak & eggs and a brk burrito with good reviews. 

Overall, three star quality hotel but five star value.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE HOOTERS RESTAURANT IN THE CASINO.  I'm from LA, but frequent Vegas often.  Me and my boys decided to hit up Hooter's to watch the games on a Sunday before heading back home and I was very disappointed.  They don't have nice tvs, the service is mediocre at best and you get 1 ranch per person haha.  But seriously we ordered 80 wings for 7 of us and we each got one dipping container.  Next time I'll probably try ti hit up a wing place off the strip and hopefully I'm not let down.
Gurl, this place is pretty good.  

Service was a little slow, but nothing to complain about.  Our server was really sweet.
This place is amazing value,  if you book online you can get it as low as $15 and night,  we wound up paying $30,  but compared to the $500 alternatives,  there is nothing to grumble about. 

The rooms are spacious and colorful,  it's a short walk to the elevators,   you can walk to the strip from the hotel and the pool is open 24 hours!   

Hell you even get a free chicken wings and beer for 15 cents if you take them up of the special offers!

I've stayed here 3 times now - just for a weekend,  and if you are doing it on  your own dime,  I don't see any point in going anywhere else.     Sure the Palazzo and The Hotel are great,   but are they really worth spending that extra $200-$300 on,  when that money could be going to towards the Aria buffet!

Need I say more!
Was not pleased at all with this Hooters' location. I ordered wings and fries and my husband had the chili and fries.  Neither of us were satisfied with our food. 

The service was just mediocre also.  Seems that the girls there are too busy and are overwhelmed.

We will not be visiting Hooters' again anytime soon (at least not this location).
you get what you pay for. BF and I came here for a 3 night stay in the middle of the week, and i think each night was 20 bucks? plus resort fees.

it's not too far from the strip, plus we drove there so we could easily get to the strip. 

Free valet, if you must. we just parked on our own and avoiding tipping every time we went to and from the car. 

The rooms are average, they're clean. 

EXCEPT on the 2 morning when they were doing construction right across the hall and next to our room at 7am. are you serious?!!?!!?!? I was furious

I went to complain at the front desk and all they would do is waive 2 nights of resort fees. SERIOUSLY? why did you put us on a floor with construction?! and it went on for hours. the guy next door to us was pissed too.

Definitely minus 1 star. esp because they were so nonchalant about it too. unapologetic. basically, they didnt give a rat's booty. 

Overall, im ok with this hotel. its just that incident that makes me protest a little about returning.... but for the price.. sigh. i guess ill suck it up..... =.=ZzZzZzZ
I needed to attend a convention at MGM Grand and chose to stay at Hooters.  The location was great as I just had to walk across the street. I was close to the free tram as well. The room was clean and quiet; all that I needed. The staff were all nice. I had breakfast every morning and it was standard breakfast fare.
I would stay here again.
OK so this is not the place to stay for sure.. We had a ton of issues .. The 1st room no heat  , then it was dirty, then the next room was old and smelly.. I will say the staff was ok . They are better places to stay for sure.
So had to stop in and see if the LV Hooters girls were better than the Cali girls..all i gotta say is this place has some decent eye candy but not to caliber of the home town girls!
Games: table games are in a small area, i played roulette and black jack with $20 bucks to walk away after 1hr or so with $120. 
The place is nice, clean and everyone is cool that works there. I will be back in the future.
COCKROACHES!!!!!!!!! GROSS!!!! This hotel sucks, the staff is very rude and unhelpful. The casino is pretty empty even on weekends, which isn't always a bad thing BUT the machines never hit! The rooms are TERRIBLE! We stayed for 4 night and were in 3 different rooms. First room was not what i booked, second room had no hot water and cockroaches, third room was small and the bathtub leaked. The Hooters Restaurant was terrible as well, service was slow and rude. The bar is terrible! all the bartenders are slow and do not pay attention to anyone unless they are yelling at them for a drink. Everything about this hotel/casino really does suck. I will NEVER go back there!
This review is for the casino.  We were staying at the mgm and decided to head over to Hooters for cheap alcohol and beer.

The casino is very small but we liked it.  We like being able to wander around but meet back up without a search party.

The gal working at the roulette table was super nice and understanding of new players making mistakes.

The servers were pretty danged slow with the drinks when I was at the roulette table but fast when I was on the slots. go figure.

I won 40 on slots which is more than I ever win anywhere so I was happy.

We went back twice in the three days we were there and really thought it was a cool place. We might even stay there next time we go to vegas - not looking for anything fancy - just something fun and with frequent and good drinks :)
As mentioned before, the girls who work here are overwhelmed.slow service, drinks kinda crappy.food was ok and tables are run down and shoddy.
::::: [ THE CASINO ] :::::

After more than 12 trips to Vegas in 3 years, I still had never stepped inside of Hooters. 

I can't remember how it happened. All I know is there were three of us left at the latter end of a corporate retreat that kept us in Vegas 2 days longer than we initially planned. We were feeling all kinds of adventurous (I mean, intoxicated), and some random person told us the roulette machines at the Hooters had better payouts.

So we went.

The short version: NO.

Outdated (vintage?) roulette table with similar payouts to the rest of Las Vegas (even on a weekday), except without the screen that displays where the ball's been landing so unless you 1.) have got excellent memory that doesn't get easily impaired or 2.) don't rely on probability or statistical propensity at all.. it's no fun.

Also, the standard machines are super old and aren't touch-screen. Most of those machines should be in a museum.

They don't even try to get you inebriated enough to think you might be enjoying yourself.

And if you're there for the hooters.. there isn't much of that, either.

No fun.
hooters hooters hooters, very DISAPPOINTING.

when you think hooters you think hot chics and nice bodies.  Usually hooter chics are outgoing and they sit and talk and flirt.  I went with my boyfriend and cousin, hello i was waiting on the waistress to be flirting with my boyfriend it never happen. 

It took about 15 minutes to get seated and they werent very busy.  after getting seatting they took our order, i ordered the phillycheesesteak and it tasted like puke, my boyfriend ordered wings and fries the fries were a lil overdone.  

So after being disappointed about my boyfriend not being flirted with and not seeing nice boobies haha, there was a guy waiter that packed up his food and was extrememly nice.  he was the best part of the hooters expierence. 

will not be going back.
Resturant only review.  Food and service was good, about average.  We ate at the bar.  One issue, the beer was not ice cold but otherwise it was a good experience.
We stayed 4 nights at the Hooters Casino Hotel and overall was a pretty decent experience.  

We were attending the Pac 12 basketball tournament (Go Cats!) at the MGM Grand and so therefore the location was perfect.  The price was pretty impressive too considering it was spring break and St Pattys Day weekend.  

The rooms were spacious and clean, nothing spectacular, but that was expected coming into it.  For the most part things were quiet and had no problems relaxing in the room.

A couple negatives were that these bright lights shined on the hotel right outside our window at night.  The lights were the ones that shine on the hotel itself.   We actually had a pretty impressive view of the strip but was somewhat ruined by the blinding lights that flooded our room.  Luckily, great window shades were provided.  The other negative was the TV was rather outdated.  Having a flat screen put in would have been nice.

For the location and price range, the Hooters Casino Hotel is definitely a good idea if you're coming to Vegas on a limited budget.
Hotel is very substandard for being a hooters brand hotel along with being n vegas.... A/C didnt work correct, toliet kept running water thru it, tub drain was clogged, sink was clogged and was leaking ruined my makeup an personal products i put on the sink counter top, hot water only worked for 10-15min then took 1-2 hrs to reheat!! Over all bad service and also not maintained!!!
Went here to meet up with a friend, and decided to hang out at the bar there. While the Hooters girls there looked good, the service overall was very slow, and clearly the girls were overwhelmed. 

As for the casino itself, it looked very old and "runned-down".
Delightfully tacky, yet unrefined. Indeed.

I actually liked the small casino area and sports book.
Even though it is technically "off" the strip I felt it was just about as convient to the strip as I could've needed. It would've been nice to have something further north, but it's closer than you realize. The opposite of Aria, which is further than you realize (technically "on" the strip but a half mile walk to get there).

The pool area was mellow, and I liked the set up out there as well.

I didn't have a problem with the strange urinal puck smell in the hallway. Or the old stained carpet and worn tiles in the bathroom. Or the minimal decor and the old tube TV. Or even the cheap material beddings. I expected all of that.
It's not that the place was that bad. I had low expectations and the price was right.

What bothered me is you couldn't help but feel as though they'd given up. That feeling of if they'd spent the time keeping up with shampooing the carpet, and fixing the worn out tiles in the bathroom, and fixing the broken wobbly lamp on the nightstand... it would have made it a far better experience.
No wifi, really??  The internet in the room was not even working
Hooters is a place for tourists on a budget. Needless to say, you get what you pay for.

The rooms are completely average. Think Holiday Inn. Nothing too special, except the overpriced room service. They showed palm trees in the room they had photographed on their website, but my room didn't have any.

They do have multiple restaurants here, as well as a show nobody I talked to seemed to care about. The Mad Onion has some good prices -- $9.99 for a prime rib dinner. Then there are multiple bars here serving cheap drinks. The theme here is $3 everything: blackjack; beer; and margaritas.

The pool area is easily the best part of this hotel. It's so relaxed and calm, even if the occasional airplane or helicopter flies overhead. If you're done gambling and drinking, this is a good place to chill and catch some rays.

The casino is small and "delightfully tacky". You have Hooters girls as the dealers. Some are attractive, others not so much. Some are actually helpful and actually want you to win, while others just don't care. You'll learn soon enough which dealers are there to help you, though.

The slots are advertised as "loose", but don't expect to win much of anything. There's also a small William Hill sports book here. I won a $50 bet taking the Miami Heat to cover the spread (which they barely did), so that's always a good thing.

The location is top-notch. While this is a middle-of-the-road casino and hotel, its location down the street from the heart of the Strip makes it a great place to stay if you want to save money.
Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
They have decent rooms here...not good, not bad.  

My friend was staying in one of the largest rooms they offer, and it had plenty of space for us to hang out for a while.  There was a mini fridge and small bar area which was nice for drinks, but Hooters definitely feels dated compared to all the other more expensive options in town.

I also ate at the late night cafe restaurant they have here, and it is still one of my only 1 star reviews I've ever written lol.

I would recommend this place if you are looking for a cheap place to crash, but if you are looking for convenience, scenery, posh decor, or anything besides somewhere to sleep, you may leave disappointed.
Lower end on the hotel/casino side. OK as a Hooters restaurant (as compared to the best stores). Look for a dealer named Nikki. She is gorgeous and really fun to hang out with while you gamble
As far as hotels go, this really wasn't such a bad deal. I shared a two-bed room with 3 other friends and spent only $25 per night. If you count the outdoor pool, decent sized gym, and a couple of $5 blackjack tables, this was a good and cheap find for our Vegas trip. The food however, was overpriced, subpar and well....hooters food, but that was expected.

Rooms: 3 stars
Service: N/a
Casino: 3 stars
Food: 2 stars
Price: 3 stars
Hooters should stick to making wings and even that comes into question. They screwed up my food order both nights I was there. The rooms are old and dingy and feels like your sleeping in the restaurant, and the hallways remind me of old, questionable Bates hotel fronts. Honestly, you would be better off staying at the Motel 6 next door. 

The front desk ladies are rude like they hate working there too but have no choice.  The kicker was they cancelled my room after the 1st night even though I was scheduled for three days ---and already had someone booked before I realized my key card didn't work and had to go back to front desk to remind them I'm still in the room. 

Save your time and money and please extinguish all options before choosing to stay here.
Don't know why people are complaining about this hotel.  You pretty much get what you pay for.  If you want a 5 star hotel then pay for one.  

Nice small casino, rooms are ok, I liked the wings at the hooters restaurant.  The DJ at the pool is awesome and has a nice setting.  I forgot the amount that I payed but I wasn't expecting anything fancy like the MGM across the street.  Overall had a good time here and would stay here again :)
Cheap. Still has the typical resort fees etc. At least when you lose all your money at this casino, there are attractive waitresses. I feel less robbed that way. The hotel rooms are a little nicer than what you pay for, but still no 4 star hotel. The main floor is great. Very nice pool area. Casino is very nice, and so is the restaurant. It's everything you need for Vegas in one building; food, hooters, gambling, and a place to rest your head.
Came here only because my friends were already booked here. Staff was alright & some of the OLDER card dealers need to  smile..jeez. If you don't like your job go somewhere else! We had to ask our room to be clean, if we didn't come back in the afternoon they would of just left it as is. You do get what you pay for..BUT would you want your customers to come back..
Stayed here with a large group. Everything was fine, although a renovation would definitely help. Room rates were quite cheap for the weekend and the room had no problems. The location is great if you're looking to explore the rest of the strip. The group I was with had a great time at their pool which was a good size, but not insanely busy like many of the "ultimate pools" on the strip.
I didn't stay here but I did go to the Hooters Restaurant inside and wander the casino floor. The restaurant was strange. They had two entrances, one for the "lounge" type side and the other for the regular restaurant. There was a long ass line for the regular side and none for the "lounge". You get the same food and everything and the shit looked the same so I just walked in and sat at the "lounge" bar. Anyway, I'm a fan of Hooters and it upsets me that there isn't one in Yuma where I'm residing at the moment so I try to hit one when I'm away and partake in their wings which I enjoy. OH BOY...they served me 10 of the smallest, meatless, overcooked wings I've ever seen. It was so embarrassing that I didn't even feel like complaining (I don't like to have food to be redone, fuck that)..Shit, I was drinking for $1 a beer since I was gambling on their little electronic commputer thingy. Lost $3 playing blackjack. Left those shitty wings and wandered the casino for a bit. Wanted to partake in one of their heavily advertised $3 blackjack tables but was unable due to them only having one which had a line of other cheap bastards waiting to get on. The one thing that made this place a 2 instead of 1 was that I was able to park in there outside lot for free and walk across the street to the MGM where UFC 160 was being held. That's basically the only reason I was there, was able to make a quick getaway when the fight was over. Fuck Vegas traffic. So, in short, utilize the parking, fuck the food and casino.
Flew in for work... first night I had to switch room 3 times.  No AC, then no TV, then No Internet.  Next day, AC broke again, then Internet.  Ordered room service... wings were horrible and back home, I love hooters wings but these were tiny, oily and cold.  That night, my bed frame broke.  Now I'm in my 4th Room and the AC is super loud and noisy.  The TV goes in and out and there is no WiFi... only a hard line with a broken connector.  Seriously... ?!   $30 is cheap but I'd have rather spent a little more $ and gotten a much nicer place.  The one good thing... The Staff were very nice and did the best they could.  The food is almost inedible so I can't vouch for the restaurant staff but everyone else did the best they could to help.  No hotel should have this many problems.  I feel sorry for them.  But... It's not worth it.  Go somewhere else.  Trust me.
Not bad but not great.

Booked this hotel through www.lasvegas.com three days before travel for Memorial Day weekend 2013 and got an amazing rate. I guess the reason the rate was so good is this hotel and its tiny casino is in pretty severe need of a refresh and deep cleaning. The whole place just seemed dingy.

That said, the room was a pretty standard Vegas hotel room. Ours had two full-sized beds (they called them queen but no) and a 25" old-school TV (tube). There was no mini fridge. Nice coffee machine, though, that uses the coffee pods for making individual cups of coffee. 

Shower had decent water pressure which was nice but they only supplied us with a total of two towels so if we had had kids with us we would have needed more. The sample-sized shampoo and conditioner bottles are tinier than any I have ever seen so I suggest you bring your own from home.

The beds were more comfortable than I expected.

There are a couple restaurants in the hotel, one of which I will review separately. 

The pool area is not especially large and there are not nearly enough lounge chairs. There were a LOT of families staying there with children running all over the pool area. We were somewhat irritated by the security guards telling us that we could not drink our drinks that we had acquired while elsewhere on the strip while laying by the pool. These drinks were in plastic containers. We were told that we MUST purchase our drinks from the pool-side bar. This was rather annoying given that one of the hallmark experiences of Vegas is that you can walk about with alcohol in your hand. That really soured our experience overall with this hotel.

The casino's poker room has ONE table. I didn't play any poker this weekend but would probably not play there unless the antes are low. There are a few gaming tables and quite a few slots including many of the latest ones. 

The hotel is walking distance to the strip which was a key reason for selecting it. 

All in all this was not a bad place to stay but was certainly not the best. Given that they are NOT right on the strip I would think they would try harder to have a better experience for their guests. I sorta felt like we were unimportant to them.
We were staying at the MGM (first mistake) and saw the Hooters sign out our room window. We said to ourselves "why not wander over there" (second mistake).  

The casino itself was OK; machines were alright, the building itself looks like it has been around a while, and cocktail waitresses were non existent even on Memorial Day weekend. I won't be back for the casino. 

The really bad part of this place is the restaurant. I had very low expectations and the restaurant failed to meet even them. I'm not sure why we decided to eat here, with so many better options. I think it was proximity. Or being too tired to walk farther. Either way eating there was our third mistake. 

First we were seated on rickety stools. And then we were completely ignored by our waitress. It wasn't even busy. It took thirty plus minutes to get a drink.  At least 45 additional minutes to get our food, after a long wait just to place our order. And then when the food did arrive, it was cold. Not just "not warm" but cold. The wings that were supposed to be "medium" lacked any visible sauce and had zero flavor. The salad had wilted lettuce, and even a few bits of mold. It was inedible. We sent it back and the waitress barely blinked - it's obviously a common occurrence. 

Long story short:  never again.
I love it here! I don't understand all of complaints! I love the prices and the food. I enjoyed my stay here! I'll be back!
REVIEWING THE RESTAURANT ONLY

We had company here from out of town and he really wanted to eat at Hooter's, so we indulged him.  I had never been to this location and I won't be back.

First off, the hostess kept us waiting for about 10 minutes while they "cleaned off a table" (mind you, there were only 4 of us).  As we were being seated, there were plenty of empty tables so I'm not sure what that was all about.  We interacted with three different hostess/waitresses and all were very rude.  The food was terrible.  One guest in our party had the steamed shrimp for $11.49. There were maybe 12 smallish shrimp on her plate (no side dishes for this price by the way) and shelling the shrimp seemed to be a lot more trouble than it was worth.  One guest had the fish and chips - he said it had no real taste at all.  I tried the chili (which I have loved at other locations) and here it was very bland and the texture was more like a can of cat food.

All this was after a 32 minute wait for our food.  I know that because by the time we finally got seated I started worrying about the flight our guests had to catch so I was watching the clock.  Not once during this time did a waitress come to refill drinks or let us know our food was on its way.  In fact, we didn't see her at all until she brought the food out.

I tried voicing my concerns about the food and the wait but the waitress looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language and dropped off our check and walked away.  I usually give people and restaurants the benefit of the doubt but I really think unless you happen to be staying at this hotel and don't want to bother going somewhere else, steer clear.
The good things about this hotel are the fact that they are fairly cheap, they have a pool with music and they hold Hooters beauty contests. Even with all that, you have to admit that this hotel is getting pretty dated.

Our group got a pool level bungalow.  An otherwise nice view of the pool which is partially obscured by the bars that are part of the security gate.  The inside of the rooms are pretty antiquated and in some cases run down. Our room had a CRT(old, Non-flatscreen for those technologically impaired) Television, rust/corrosion stains and chips in the sink and bathtubs, some of the hardware (faucets) loose and a couple crickets and roaches inside.  Luckily the air conditioning worked because it was a good 110+ degrees our entire stay. Also on the patio and even in some areas of the pool (waterfall area) there is a weird sewage stench noticeable in the air.  Not sure what that's all about. 

I didn't eat at the restaurant but a few of my friends did and while they enjoyed the wings, some of them didn't enjoy the other food options offered.  The little gift/snack shop also offers donuts, coffee and sandwiches.  The sandwiches for $6 could be a lot better though, very plain and basic and honestly not a great value. I found myself walking over to the local gas station to buy one of their sandwiches just to save myself about $3 for about the same quality (maybe slightly smaller). A bottle of water was also still $3 so the gas station was also the alternative for that.

I didn't spend much time in the casino but it definitely felt "old".  They did have a sports style bar which was usually pretty empty but did have plenty of televisions.

The pool was actually the best part of this hotel and was probably the only thing other than the AC, that made this place acceptable. There are two main pools, one with a waterfall which runs a little cooler, another which runs a little warmer(and is more popular as a result) and some small Jacuzzi style pools. It's open 24 hours which is perfect for hot summer nights.  They have a DJ playing music, security and hostesses walking around and a bar right by. Plus if you have a bungalow you can go through the security gate (with key card unless it is left open) and get directly to the pool. They also held a beauty/swimsuit contest with the hooters girls by the restaurant area next to the pool which was great. All of this would have brought the review up to 3 stars except for on the last night (Saturday) after coming back from a long walk up and down the strip, we came back to find that the warmer pool had been closes and taped off.  Not sure why but I fear that some drunken frat kids maybe contaminated the pool "somehow" or perhaps it was something far more sinister.  Bummer.  The pool was considerably less busy as a result but nobody felt like going in the cooler pool that late.

The staff I encountered was actually pretty nice so that's one thing I can't really complain about. So kudos there.

The fact of the matter is that this is a cheaper hotel, so expect that.  If you don't spend a lot of time in a room in Vegas and you don't mind the location of this towards the end of the strip then I suppose it is for you.  It is nice that they have a pool which is [usually] open 24 hours.  The rooms are pretty run down, their televisions are antiquated and ours constantly lost signal and you might find a couple bugs here and there.  So if you are looking for "nice" rooms just pass.  Otherwise, on a budget, this place might suffice. I could see myself maybe staying here again if I was on a tight budget or something was extremely last minute.
HORRIBLE FOOD. My chicken sandwich tasted like rubber, the curly fries weren't cooked enough, and the wings were mediocre. 

Stop supporting horrible chains like this and they will all go away.
Pretty disappointed with the food. The group I went with had a few huge Hooters fans so we definitely had to stop in for some wings. Unfortunately they were a huge let down compared to every other Hooters we have been too.

Cold wings that were more expensive than normal combined with a basically nonexistent waitress made it pretty unexciting
I've said before I rarely give out 1 star but this hotel surely deserved it. 

I booked a night here for obvious reasons (the ridiculously low price)

Upon arriving I was greeted by an unfriendly valet attendant. 

Checking in was a long and unnecessary process. It seemed they were using a software program that was not very user friendly. 

I was under the idea that all the girls would be dressed in uniform.... That wasn't the case at all.

They gave me a room with two beds because a king room wasn't available.

Upon entering the room I was disgusted by the smell and overall cleanliness of the room. It looked dated and unkempt.

The TV looked like it belonged in a thrift store, the picture was fuzzy and it had a horrendous selection of channels. 

The bathroom was disgusting. The tile looked very old and the shower was uncomfortable. 

The linens and towels felt hard and cheap.

I can forgive a lot of things, but being one of the biggest chains in the restaurant business and taking pride in the esthetics of their restaurants I expected a lot more from the "remodel" from it's previous property the San Remo.

Even though I read this article http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2012/dec/28/eight-changes-coming-hooters-casino-hotel/#axzz2YA4Oq4Fo 

I am still very apprehensive to return to this hotel. I have personally stayed at motel's that take more pride in their property. I hope the former Hard Rock Manager can truly make a difference because this place has so much potential. 

I will leave this review on a good note. I went to have dinner at the lounge and did have excellent service, the food was acceptable and I thoroughly enjoyed the live music.
This review is about the restaurant. I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  Once  we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away, we still had not even been acknowledged! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back even if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, last night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  once we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, lady night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
This review isn't worth much time and effort. 

There are many off strip small hotel/casinos that are close to South LVB. This may likely be the worst as it's completely pretentious. Simply because at a glance the appearance seems nicer than some of the classic old school spots say Gold Coast, The O'rleans, or Downtown. Yet, it isn't. Aside from the reg overpriced drinks, the wings are only good if the fryer grease has been frequently changed. Doesn't happen often. 

Service is mostly young, inexperienced, (maybe not their fault) ladies who's training doesn't seem to go beyond a robotic "wait in line here for a table in the new lounge" to " your table is ready. The cocktail girls at the gaming tables are slower than average. In the lounge their more attentive. 

Some good live music to be had here  if you pick the right night. 

Course if you're the type that wants to drink cheap beer and look at young girls all night after the NASCAR race. (Which I'm not judging)

This is your place.
Average..The Hotel is a dump I wish they had more standalone locations in Las Vegas Hopefully the will get a locations near Nellis AFB!!
Some of the reviews here crack me up!!

Hooters is a very affordable, very decent hotel.  I'd go so far as to say, much, much nicer than its price point.

The rooms are pretty darned spacious.  They're clean and neat.  Bed's comfy.  A/C works well.  Everything about the bathroom's fine---nice space, good shower in the tub/shower combo.  Housekeeping seems to take pride in doing their job well.

I like the casino, mostly.  Pay attention to the pay tables if you play video poker.  Mostly good, but a few are horridy.

Basically, two restaurants.  Mad Onion is good.  The other places all seem to get their food delivered to you from Hooter's.  

Pros:  Good, solid hotel, that's quite affordable.  $4 beers (or free while playing video poker) is a big thumbs up.  Location is great to the Strip and airport.

Cons:  Really only 2 restaurants, with Hooters serving food to all outlets (I think) except Mad Onion.  Between the 2 restaurants,  if you want something that does not involve fried food or steak, you'll have few options.  Salads, grilled chicken and pasta would be about it.
This is for the restaurant.  Was standing in line and was the only one there. Two girls where standing up front and told them two.  Stood there waiting as another 3 person table walked up. Then proceded to seat them. Stood there for a min while they just looked at me. No oh I'm sorry we'll be with you in a min. Finally they justed walked away to take pictures. This is when I walked away. You dont want my $$ I'll take it else where.  Bad customer service does not have return customers
This is a review for the casino only.

I booked a room for obvious reason- it is dirty cheap and very close to the Strip.
The service was nice, registering took me only 5 minutes and the lady in the register window was very helpful.
The room was clean and had a rustic vibe to it, which was a nice change from old funky style of Escalibur, window had a view of the Strip and Luxor in the distance.

The casino has a nice pool outside, it is actually divided into 4 parts- jacuzzi, small pool, pool with "room" temperature water and ice-cold water pool (the last one was awesome in 108F heat!).

If you are not driving, there is an express bus going to the Airport 2 minutes away from the hotel entrance. 
Strip is about 10 minutes away (MGM grand). 

If you are looking for a cheap nice place to stay- I would recommend nothing else!
my daughters an i stayed for 2 nights n 3 days..we really enjoyed our stay and will stay here again. when we asked for extra whatever, it was brought immediately. the staff was real friendly. the valet parking(which i highly recommend) peeps were very prompt, upbeat and friendly. the room was clean, beds were comfy. i loved that they had a keurig coffe pot, i jus didn't care for the brand of coffee..but thats jus personal pref..i'll bring my brand next time. it's not mgm, however its not motel 6 either..its a nice middle. you're not gonna beat the price for what you get. its in a perfect!!! location..right at the begining of the strip, across from mgm, excal and ny ny...pool is nice..hooters resturant downstairs(can get some wings and take em to room while you take a breather lol). check out time is noon...which is so nice...believe me the extra hour compared to the others that check out at 11 makes a difference. yup..i can definitely recommend this hotel..
What you pay is what you get. We were only there for one night and it didn't matter much since all we needed was a comfortable bed to sleep in. Check in was pretty fast and efficient. The room was pretty big and the king size bed was very comfortable. Everything was clean but nothing special. Its not as flashy as a lot of other Vegas hotels are. I did enjoy the pool area. The bartender, Victoria made some awesome lemon drops. The only thing that I didn't like was the fact that there were way too many kids in the pool. I kept getting splashed on by kids jumping in when they are clearly not supposed to and the parents weren't saying anything even when they noticed me glaring at them. Don't get me wrong I have 2 kids so I know what its like to be a parent but I don't take my kids on vacation to Vegas, I will find a destination where they have more to do than just be at the pool. The music was pretty good and I really like the warm pool. It was perfect temperature. Well if I go to Vegas for just one night then I wouldn't mind staying here but for a longer period, I'd rather stay at MGM or Treasure Island or even flamingo.
At the hooters bar and disappointed im being served by a dude. The whole concept of hooters is that you are served by a beautiful girl. Moreover my boyfriend wasn't happy he kept calling me sweetie. I ordered a water and he ordered a beer.  He got the beer but the dude felt it more urgent to flair his practice flair bottle then get me my water.  The staff all seemed to get off work and come flirt with the dude at the bar.  It's a good thing too as he needed to ask the girls how to put in his order and where to find it on the computer. Food was good bartender needs to grow up.
What can I say that hasnt been said?? Well bottom line Hooters is an inexpensive lodging option in Vegas. I had a wedding to attend at the MGM Grand and was trying to find a deal. Hooters was right across the street and much cheaper. I got lucky and caught two free nights on my Hotels.com app so this was an easy decision. To start I paid about 150 for 4 nights. After reading online reviews i was skeptical and expected just bargain motel fare. But the room was suprisingly huge and comfortable. So the value was in the space. Sadly they don't have Wifi but wired internet. I was lucky enough to bring my laptop so it worked, but i was relegated to the desk. The casino was small but did have $1, $3 and $5 blackjack tables which is my fav game. The food was usual Hooters fare, fried stuff, and the other restaurant was ok. I went next door to cOco's for cheap breakfast and was always a hop skip and a jump from the MGM grand and the strip. The pool was small but quiet and the only one i knew in the area that was 24/7. Overall Hooters is a bargain and you're never too far from the action. I blew the extra money i saved at the tables of course  :(
A good value, especially for its location.  My main complaint is the casino.  They only had two or three blackjack tables going, and one of them was a dreaded 6:5 table.   I ended up doing all my gambling nextdoor at the Tropicana or MGM.
With dealers making minimum wage, there's no reason why Hooters can't have at least 7 tables going all the time.
Also, I found most of the female staff to be obnoxious and unfriendly.  I understand they get tired of having guys hit on them all day, but they can't let that attitude show.
This review is only for the Hooters restaurant inside...

We were staying at the MGM across the street and we ended up eating here two days in a row!

I love Hooters in general, and this store tops any other spot I've been to.

The chicken wings come out piping hot, they're less spicy, and less greasy.

I suggest the lemon pepper or hot wings dipped in ranch.

They need to offer free celery and carrots which didn't come with the wings.
Stayed right across the street at MGM The Signature and decided to give this place a spin I mean why not it's Hooters a very well known name in the restaurant industry and  full of young women running around in tight shorts and nice racks ha but anyway this place is not my run of the mill casino it's kinda dirty, smokey, dingy feeling, I sat down played slots for over 45 min without finding one cocktail waitress which only made my annoyance level that much more.. on a good note I did win $50-60 on the Godzilla slot  and the place does send me offers in my email for free play and whatnot on a monthly basis. If I could give it 2 1/2 stars I would it's not the worst not the best but far from getting an A-OK if that's possible lol.
Restaurant Review: 
The Main Hostess up front was extremely rude, when asked if they had any lunch specials she scoffed, and replied "no". Like, ok I get it, your boobs do nothing for me and you don't need to be nice to me but come on! Try to at least get me in the door! If I didn't love their wings as much as I do, I would have given this place 1 star solely based on her attitude. 
I turned to the other hostess, asked HER to seat me, and had a semi-pleasant lunch after... But the encounter with the first hostess left a bitter aftertaste and I don't think I'll return.
Booked this place for the last night I was in Vegas, 35 bucks and it was pretty nice, and we didn't have high expectations for this place. The girl at the registration desk was really nice they had more channels on the TV than the stratosphere. I would probably stay here again, for the price and location not bad at all
I've got to admit I expected more from a Hooters in Las Vegas.. The girls were very dull and seemed bored or tired. No energy! Food was good though and there is $3 Black jack in the Hooters Casino.
PROS:
- My girlfriends and I were staying at the MGM Hotel across the street on the Strip. We were so hungry and too tired to walk far for food, so we just crossed the street to this place looking for chicken wings. This is my first time at any Hooters. I expected to see waitresses skimpy dressed, but our waiter was a guy haha. The food was OK.

CONS:
- There are not many customers eating here. I guess nobody comes here for the food LOL
funny seems like they rave about the wings, but not the customer, we usually get a local deal for them($5 food credit in the mail).. So we get them now and then, but I must agree , these are dry and not so tasty wings, it is best to put sauce on the side and they do take at least 10-15 mins to take your order and then another 20-30 mins to get them to go... I think they just want you to spend $$ on the their tight slot machines, while you wait for your order???
Hooters hotel casino & Restraunt?!!.
WELL I love the 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff( lilly is very kind) CLEAN rooms & GREAT PRICE PLUS LOCATION!! I've stayed there SEVERAL TIMES & only had 1 "NEGATIVE" experience.. On a recent stay I had a incident with the 24 hour cafe & our A/C went out  in AM & notified hotel IMMEDIATELY!! The front desk did PROMPTLY switch rooms's for us & when I had a dealing w/ cafe management they were alittle rude to me ... It made my vacation not a good one.. 

-TODAY  8-15-13 MR. Hinkley contacted me & assisted me to resolve issue & I appreciate the fact he is willing to make there curtomer's have a BETTER EXPERIENCE & it show's that willingness to attend to our need's . 

***OVERALL: great place to stay, AMAZING price's, 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff, the valet attendant(female)w/ bright red hair is so kind & does a great job!! The food is ok ( in 24 Hr. cafe) & wish they would bring back the country fried steak w/ fried potatoes  they ARE amazing in the MAD ONION( prior to it's now "up-scale" atmosphere!!

PS: I stand behind my reviews & only speak the truth... I give ALL business's a fair review according to there service. And HAVE NO personal vendetta with them...I appreciate there comments & the fact that are willing to resolve for me is all that's needed..  
Thank you HOOTER'S ...
Take a downtown hotel. Move it to the South end of the strip. Fill with Hooters waitress rejects from six states. Offer $3 blackjack. Invite douchebags. Profit.
Review is for the restaurant only:

Was staying next door at the Trop and decided to walk over to Hooters for lunch.  Was seated quickly and the waitress took my order quickly as well, so far so good.  The problem was they messed my burger up three different ways.  Follow this:  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, no tomato, with mayo, American cheese.  Seems simple right?  I got a bacon cheeseburger, with tomato, no mayo, cheddar cheese?  Wha?!?  Waitress disappeared so I took the tomato off and walked over and got mayo from the bartender.  Ate the burger, and when the waitress came with the check she asked me how the meal was, I told her how they messed up three different parts of one burger order.  Her response?  "Oh, you know how the kitchen can be".  WHAT?!??!?  NO I DON'T KNOW HOW THE KITCHEN CAN BE I DON'T WORK HERE!  Jesus nice customer service.  No effort to make things right, just a dismissive comment about how the kitchen can be.  I give this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 because the fries were good and the burger was at least cooked, but holy hell, learn some customer service (or just learn to make the orders right to begin with)
Wanted some wings so me and my wife walked the might trek to hooters.  Not much going on in the casino.  Really dead.  Might have been 20 people in there.  Went back to the restaurant and got seated immediately.  One might wonder if the girls at Vegas hooters are prettier than others....maybe slightly. The food was really good.  I got the spicy garlic.  It had just the right amount of kick.  Wife stuck to the medium and we split the lots of tots.
My husband and me stayed for a weekend in August of 2013. The room was standard, no flat screen tv. It was a nice stay until we checked out and got home. I realized I had left my iphone charger in the room. I called the hotel immediately and requested that they send it back to me (southern California). It has been almost 3 weeks now and I have not yet received my charger. When I called the first time, I had transfer after transfer on the phone. No body could tell me when I would get my charger back. I even spoke to the hotel manager once or twice and she promised me I would get it in the mail the follow friday. No charger. So warning to everyone do not leave items behind. They dont know how to give it back!
Kevin Lepine for the WIN! SO MUCH WIN! Hi show is small and situated in a dumpy little basement with a makeshift bar and the tickets are kind of expensive - BUT ITS TOTALLY WORTH IT! 
I got married in vegas a couple of months ago and when people ask us what highlights of our trip were we ALWAYS talk about Kevin Lepine at Hooters. I dont want to give too much away, but this guy is a riot and even if there's only a few people in the audience - he puts on a show like it's a packed house. I reccomend to anyone.
Omg I love this place! Cheap and cheerful and just jokes! When I was in Vegas I simply had to stay here!
This is to balance out Elizabeth A's idiotic one star review.  You don't give a one-star review because YOU left your cell phone charger behind and they didn't send it back to you on their dime.  Moron.
this is for our stay on the weekend of July 13, 2013

I thought about giving one star, but decided to give two, only because it is affordable.  I didn't expect much either because of the affordable price.  you shouldn't expect much either.

CANCELLATIONS - a few nights before, we almost had to cancel our plans to vegas .... I called really late evening (around 1130pm) to cancel our reservation, and the operator was plain rude.  we reserved through expedia and expedia gave us their confirmation number and the hotel confirmation number.  my confirmation email specifically said to cancel through the hotel, and when you click the link, it takes you directly to hooters and gives you hooters number to call for cancellation.  it also says to cancel before midnight to to avoid any other fees.  I call at 1130pm, but the rude operator told me reservations are closed at this time and I'd have to call back in the morning??  she also told me rudely that i have to cancel through expedia, and after i told her expedia directed me to hooters, that's when she told me to call back in the morning (to speak to someone who actually knew the answers).  whatever ..... thank goodness we found out our plans came through, so VEGAS HERE WE COME!!

CHECK IN - we checked in on a thursday around 5pm.  not busy at all.  of course, the girl (not lady) at the front desk didn't seem happy about working here.  not welcoming, no smile .... again, whatever .... WE MADE IT TO VEGAS!! 

HOTEL APPEARANCE - filthy elevators (garage and hotel elevators) .... the elevator doors to your hotel room are just nasty.  like housekeeping hasn't wiped them down in years .....I thought it would be wiped down by the next morning ..... nope!  filthy the whole time.  garage elevators seem like they will drop with you in it any time .... again, whatever .... I wasn't expecting much for an average $56 a night ..... 

room is ok .... comparable to motel 6 .... one of the mattresses obviously needs to be replaced ...... the first thing we noticed was that the mattress was sunk in like an elephant sat on it for a month .... 

NO HOT WATER!!!  we're trying to get ready on a saturday morning around 9am to start our day.  FAIL!! I called housekeeping/engineering .... yes, they were aware the hot water wasn't working, and advised someone is working on it.  I asked how long it would be .... "that, I don't know"  .... again, RUDE .... at least throw in "I'm sorry, I do apologize, but we don't have that information at this time" .... after almost another hour of wasting the day away, I requested to use the shower in another tower (at least!!) so we can start our day.  thank goodness they were able to let that happen.  so, on with our late day in Vegas!

CHECKOUT .... I didn't bother accompanying my husband to check out just so I can encounter another unhappy employee, but I did notice on the bill that we were comped our room service and daily service fees, which made me consider 2 stars.

OVERALL .... you get what you pay for. like I said earlier, we didn't expect much, but I at least expected a decent experience.  no, I wouldn't come back, and I wouldn't recommend staying at this place, unless you like filthy establishments and rude employees.
I stayed here on my last trip to Vegas, me and my sister wanted to keep things on the cheaper end, and $17/night was a great deal. 

I loved the location, for an off-strip hotel, you are pretty damn close to being on strip. Walk across the street and go into the MGM, or walk 2 minutes next door into the tropicana and voila on strip. 

I found our room to be dated, but perfectly clean and comfortable. I'm not sure what most other reviewers problems were, I don't tend to book a hotel for a trip to spend all my time in my room, and I never go to vegas with the intention of only staying in my hotel. 

I enjoyed the prime rib deal at the mad onion, I just wish they had  more selection for restaurants in the resort. 

I think your outlook on these places all stem from what you expect. If you're expecting the lap of luxury for $20-$50/night then you need a reality check. If you expect a nice clean but dated room to retire to after a long day on the strip, then you can't go wrong with the rates here. I've stayed in the MGM skylofts and I've stayed in an average room in Treasure Island, you just need to have realistic expectations for what you're getting.
Get wut u pay for under 70
Remonte for tv didnt work, water in the bath was running when we got room, wouldnt turn off ran all night, also a spider in the sink..... The only thing that will make me not come back it when we walked in the room it smelled like old cooking oil...... Made me not want to order any wings... Stayed here for one night before stay at resort
EH... If it were on the strip it would be out of place. More along the lines of a Fremont Street.  Concerning the bar and restaurant on a Saturday night...slow bar service and oblivious bartenders. Wings were average, and certainly no comparison to our Chicagoland spots. Long waits for drinks, both at the bar and the table, were disheartening. Small hotel makes for a crowded lobby jammed with slots. For the price, it's possibly of value; however not what we look for in our Vegas Vacations...
I visited this Hooters casino/hotel/restaurants a few times in the past, I actually visited the restaurant once.  I believe the site used to be name Hotel San Remo many years ago.  Their off-strip location was not the most convenience place.

Restaurant wise, we generally go for the wings for drinking purposes.  It probably taste about the same as any other Hooters, the quality of staffs seems to be better than my home state.

The room our friends got seems to be a regular one, but has a nice backdoor access to the pool.  The cleanliness was not exactly perfect to begin with and the furnishing seems a bit old.
When you go to Hooters you expect "Welcome to Hooters" we did not get that. There were 2 hostess one did not acknowledge us. The other one said let me go see if I can find a table (the place was only 1/2 full) so she came back and then said follow me, then a waitress came up and rudely interrupted us, then turned her back on us so both hostess had to talk to her about reseating some people. I almost walked out. From there the waitress was great and so was the food. I gave a generous 3 because I have never had a bad experience at Hooters before. I saw some other bad reviews about the hostess (first impression) so it's time to get some friendly people up front that will give great customer service.
I dont know why everybody is bitching about Hooters. This place is Clean, friendly and close to down town. Not to forget you pay only $10 to $45 a night, depending what month you go. The food is Ok and dirt cheap. 
Yes sometimes stuff is not working, so yes you have to tell them a couple times to fix it, but it will get done.
It helps a lot if you tip $5-$10 cheap ass :D.

Ps. FREEEEEEE beer if you play slots. Get loaded for free.
Hooters. Really? First I did not stay by choice, a special friend booked on priceline and messed it up and got this place for the ever awful price of $80 a night. Epic fail. Parking is a mess, there's a shady lot across the street that is also open for guests. 

We got a double room, went up, it smelled like mildew and the carpet was wet in spots. Seriously? Tile around toilet was multi-colored, not in the good way. It looked like pee stain around the base of the toilet, but it was the messed up tile color. Hole/crack in the sink, way ghetto. We complained, they "upgraded" us to the 15th floor, same room, and gave us some drink coupons for the pool. Tiny beds, halfway between twin and full. Two small Asians in the bed was uncomfortable. Tub/shower clogged and took forever to drain. Cheap tv, no flat screen. But the carpet was better.

First time going out we were going down the elevator and this two white trash guys get in with us holding a blunt. Reeked of weed, they start harassing my friend who's on the phone with her family. I tell them to back off and chill and all I remember was them yelling "Merica." Really? Nice clientele. As we were walking out of the casino behind them, one of these classy gentlemen mooned us bare ass and all. Nice. 

The only saving grace about this place was the pool. Surprisingly nice, and the free drink we got helped. Get the rum frozen drink. Nice and strong. I'd probably give a better review if I didn't pay a ridiculous price, maybe $25 a night and I'd understand. But $80? Hell no. Never again.
My husband and I have never been to this location and wanted to try it out. We were very disappointed. The service was terrible for a Saturday and want even that busy for it to be that bad. For being a "hooters" this was not a "hooters"... wings were bad and.mild sauce was buttery not at all mild.. very disappointed for being a las vegas
As a vegas local you expect good service right? WRONG!!!! Last night myself and my girlfriend went in what a mistake. We ate in the hooters resturant like we usually do when we visit the casino. So we ordered out food, Curley fries with cheese sauce for an app, Philly Steak and Cheese no onion for my girlfriend, and 10 wings breaded mild for myself. 

About 20 mins after we ordered all the food came out at once. The fries were ice cold and hard as a rock, my girlfriends sandwhich had onion on it and my wings were over cooked as per usual on a slow night. We have to stop a hostess to find our waitress ( who was horridly miserable) to come over. My girlfriend sent her food back and after about 10 more mintues she get her food. 

She goes to move her pickle out from under her fries (because come on who puts a cold pickle under fries right?!), and much to both of our surprise there is a 3 inch long piece of black hair stuck to her pickle. So we call the manager to come over. 

We explain the situation to David, and he offers to remake the food for a third time and claims to see no hair after I pick up the pickle and show it to him. We say no we dont want to we want to leave. So he says were more than welcome to leave our food has been comped. 

So we leave as we are leaving, I see David talking to another guy who keeps looking over at me, and nodding his head so I stop. David walked back over to me, and I asked what the problem was. He said nothing but you are more than welcome not to return to the resturant. I asked him why he said oh because we obvisiouly cant make you people happy. Ok fine. 

I go back today and speak with Bill the general manager. He also tells me every time you people are in here theres always an issue. You are always talking to a manager or complaining about something. It would be in your best interest not to come back. 

Ok first off the customer is always right, secondly you people is kind of demeaning to me and I take that as an insult. third I myself and my girlfriend know most of the people in the resturant personally that why were always talking to managers. 

I WILL NOT be returning to hooters anymore until the higher management staff is changed or they will admit they were in the wrong. I have never been treated so poorly in my life and will make sure this gets out to Hooters Of America!
So after 10 years it ends with you people are no longer welcome in the restaurant?  Wow  what an insult, funny two weeks ago when we ate there three times in one week with no issues there was not a problem but last night when there was an issue with the food we are no longer welcome???  Why is there a manager at our table almost every time we eat there you ask?? Because they know us, we go there at least 5 - 10 times a month to eat and yes they come over to see how we are not because there was an issue.  
I will definately miss the nice folks who work there but if I am not welcome anymore  there are plenty of other places to eat and gamble in Vegas who will benefit from the added business
I give it 3 stars not because it's a 3 star hotel, but it's fine for staying there at a reasonable rate. the rooms are clean, the bathrooms are clean, the staff is good.

It's pretty close to the stip...we walked everywhere. ...

There is no point in paying ridiculous rate for a room you will barely be staying in.
Thank you Hooters -- especially Esme at the front desk for setting me up on Bayview 10th floor -- for a fun time once again! Hooters is my favorite casino of all. Why? Because it's cheap as dirt and fun as hell and the beer never stops flowing!!!
I went here with really low expectations and they somehow managed to fall short. Quite possibly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. In a group of 9, three people sent their food back. Great ketchup, though. I would definitely come back to try the other 56 flavors.
Some people on Yelp are making unfair comparisons regarding Hooters. 

I stayed here on October 18 & 19. The hotel / casino is older, and the rooms are in need of a remodel. The price of the stay, however, was very reasonable. One can't compare Hooters to, say, the Cosmopolitan, but $400 plus per night was not in my budget. If you want a beautiful room in a fantastic location, stay at the Cosmo. You get what you pay for.

Plus side: Hooters is within walking distance to the Tropicana and MGM Grand, which makes it a convenient location. They have 24-hour security in the pool area and, of course, in the casino. I felt safe while staying there and walking around with $500 cash in my pocket.

Another plus: I gambled in the casino and especially liked the $3 blackjack. Impossible to find on the Strip.

Overall, I'd give Hooters 2.5 stars. Two stars is too low, and three stars is a bit on the high side.

John Howard
Port Hueneme, CA
Ok place to stay for the price, food not so good....did not enjoy food inside Hooters restaurant, burger dry & wings tasteless, dont sleep with women so why did I wake up with another woman's hair on my body in my bed? Mad Onions $9.99 prime rib dinner good except for extremely thick dry mashed potatoes. Would stay again for lodging price & locations but would rather not eat there.
It's about what you should expect for an old, run down hotel.  It's badly in need of an update.  The rooms are very sparsely appointed with basically zero amenities.  No wi-if, no decent TV, leaky plumbing and lots of noise.  

The food is typical Hooters fare, just more expensive and the service is pretty poor.  The gaming machines are cheap and blackjack is only $3, so that's one plus.
After all the times we've gambled in this place.  We've eaten here quite a bit in the past 3 years.. No longer,  not after the way we've been treated like scum.     What's worse is they could careless about the way they treat people.  Food has always been fair,  but the one time I complain about my food having a hair in it,  I'm the one that's wrong.  Sorry to inform you, the customer is always right.   If you found hair in your food I know you'd say something.  Sure, we're welcome to gamble here but we're not allowed in the restaurant.  Ha, HA!  I can read between the lines,  thanks for making my decision even easier..

I don't miss feeling like an inconvenience to anyone,  which is what they did & should be ashamed.  I HAD two free nights this month sent to my email but that's not going to get me in that place again.  I heard the hotel is barely hanging in there, soon to be re faced as a holiday Inn or something.  They're being bought out.   
I get it, you'd rather deal w/ drunken tourists.  They're too drunk to care.  Makes your job so much easier,  I understand.  The Hooters on Rainbow is 7 minutes from us, we won't bother you again.
If you want good service, see Nicole at the bar! She was on top of everything and knew how to pour beers!
My girlfriends and I ate at Hooters on Tropicana at Hooters Casino Hotel on the first night of a bachelorette party - and I say fittingly because hooters were a prerequisite for the trip - you either have them, or you like them. Apparently though, for this place, the type of salad was unnecessarily "high class" with its actual greenery, but I liked it - I always like a better salad than just romaine. 

But Hooters gave us live entertainment in the form of  a cover band and boobs. What else do you really go there for? I ordered chicken wings (which were good, though I couldn't finish them), whereas chicken sandwiches and Caesar salads were the other main courses for my friends, and there weren't any complaints to be had. 

I go to any Hooters because I like the atmosphere and it seems to be on my bucket list - I've been to quite a few of them. If there's a Hooters, I'm there. At least once. And because you don't expect much, you get a lot more. 

Inexpensive food, cheap drinks, loud music, and pretty girls (for the most part) - that's the point of the place, so why fight it? It's always a good time.
We came here after drinking all night to get our wings fix. Overall for a Hooters it was pretty good. Since we were there around 2am, there weren't many other people so we were seated and got our food quickly. There was also a cover band playing at the beginning, which was nice but a little too loud for my taste. The waitress was very nice, and at the end of the night I was happy with a tummy full of yummy wings!
What can I say about this hotel and casino... lets just say I appreciated the free suite, but that is pretty much it.  Aside from serving up great food with mediocre service, this hotel and casino needs to be imploded.  The rooms are a decent size but they definitely show their age.  The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean but the parking garage looks like it's falling apart and same with the rest of the property.  The pool is a B- compared to others on this end of the strip.  If I needed a room and they provided it for free, I would stay - otherwise I wouldn't pay to stay here.
This is a review for the restaurant inside of the casino. 

I've always been a fan of hooters wings and curly fries. So, after seeing a show we stopped here to eat. My husband and I both got wings. They were cold. Cold enough that they could have been cooked and put in the fridge. 

This is the only hooters that hasn't been spot on with the wings. 

Service wasn't great either. We got our food and no one came to check on us for 20 minutes and I clearly wasn't eating my food. 

At least the curly fries were good, and warm. 

Overall cold food and bad service, and they weren't even busy!
Will I think hooters  needs to stick with the restaurant industry only as a restaurant not casino/hotel/restaurant I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was Raw in the middle sent it back for second one and again it was Raw I don't think they cook very well at this location, I will not eat here now, The pools is extremely cold, and the hot tubs are to hot.
Can't be upset for what you get on a Saturday in Vegas for $50. The room was exactly as I expected a $50 room would be.... Outdated, small, not the cleanest but what do you expect? The bed was clean and comfy and the water pressure in the shower was excellent. Our toilet overflowed and ran all night, the elevator is a bit of a death trap and the casino is tiny. Ok for one night but that's about it. You get what you get.... Basic room with no frills.
I was lured here by their huge sign advertising $3 blackjack. Once they got me inside there was only one table of $3 blackjack which was of course packed. You would think that advertising $3 blackjack would signify that the table games were cheap..this is not the case. I walked around scoping the other tables and could not find anything cheaper than 10 bucks. Bait and switch!
This is a review of the restaurant inside.  Like so many others, my experience here consisted of questionable food and an unfriendly waiter, who didn't trouble himself to stop by our table even once to ask us if we wanted another beverage or anything else. He sure had time though to stand around looking bored, talking to his buddy near the back where I watched him do absolutely nothing for 20 minutes. So I decided to just walk up to the bar to get my own drink where I was met, eventually, by an ill-tempered gal who did nothing more than raise her eyebrows when I asked for a beverage. The chicken was overdone on the outside, underdone on the inside- shrimp like rubber. Straight up- this place is bad, stay away.
They advertise their wings being available 24/7, so my wife and I stopped in at 1:45am.  First, don't expect the typical Hooters waitresses at this hour, you'll be disappointed.  But even more so, the service was awful.  We were promptly seated in a booth, but then no one bothered to even come over and say hello.  After about 10 minutes of just sitting there, I went to the bar but was intercepted by a waitress there.  She spoke to the other waitress who didn't seem to care about us, so she took my order at the bar.  Our drinks were promptly served, and we were told our wing order and fries were put on "rush".  We waited another 20 minutes, left money for the drinks, and left.  No one even said anything to us as we left, and the one waitress who was trying to help never appeared; I suspect she was in the kitchen afraid to come out empty handed.
Again great deal for the price and location plus free breakfast.  $50 on Saturday.  King room, flat t.v.,kureg coffee, good water pressure, did not hear the people next door and hope they didn't hear us. (Unlike planet Hollywood where you hear everything)
Great service and wings BUT we had 2 tap beers and were charged $5 each even though every add I saw all over town said $4.00 beers. I know it is only $2. But it all adds up!
At a late lunch here today and was disappointed in the food.  Our sliders and fries came out purely cold.  Asked for a fix, got it, but it came back too quick.  Making us realize that all the kitchen did was reheat in the fryer.  Still wasn't very appetizing.   I'll stick with beer and wings, seems as though those things can't be messed up.  

Sitting at the bar, waitresses coming up to the order computer and complaining about their customers or 'bad' tip to the bartender/coworkers is a bit offending and immature.  Be thankful to have a job and quit talking smug around other customers about customers.  

The bartenders have been great each visit though.  Victoria is great, friendly, and speedy.   I'd love to come here everytime she's working...worth my time and tip!
If you want to gamble on the cheap and still be on the strip, then Hooters is the place to head.  But it really isn't on the strip.  And yes, there are $5 tables, but very limited. And on top of it, the slot selections are small.  Not really worth it to come by.  You're better off to head downtown for cheap tables with more tables and more slot machines.
When I visit Vegas and need a hotel, I don't choose a hotel.  It chooses me, based on the price they're quoting and their location.  I've been "chosen" to stay at this hotel several times over the years, simply because it's one of the cheapest hotels in Vegas that's still in close proximity to The Strip.  It's definitely a lower-end hotel, similar to the ones you'd find in Downtown Las Vegas.  If there is any need for you to project a sense of wealth or affluence, this isn't the hotel for you.  If you need a hotel with clean rooms and a reasonably nice casino that is in close proximity to even nice hotels with far better casinos, this is the place for you.  

The last time I stayed here, I had a room on the 9th floor.  It was a very clean room with comfortable beds.  Depending on what side of the building your room is located, you're either going to have a view of the MGM Grand to the North of you, just across the street, or a view of the pool area and the City of Henderson way off in the distance to the South.  The wifi connection was easy to pick up.  I don't like hotel rooms where even the quickest of showers will cause the bathroom to turn into a giant steamy mess, and this is exactly what it's like here.  You can tell that the wallpaper and the paint in the bathroom has had to endure the brunt of this constant steam.  

The casino itself is very basic.  There aren't a huge variety of slot machines and table games.  The advertise $5 blackjack tables, but there will likely be only one of these tables in operation at any given time.  If you like the whole scene at Hooters restaurants, you'll like the scene in this casino.  If you're looking for the opulent side of Las Vegas, you won't like it.  

I think I paid $25 for one night in this hotel, which is a great bargain for this hotel.  I gave this hotel three stars instead of two because the quality of the hotel pretty much matches the price.  I've stayed at much worse places than this in Las Vegas and paid much more.  I'd say this is the best hotel in Las Vegas for this price range.
We got fooled by the $3 blackjack signs at the airport. Although, to be fair, we were just across the street so it wasn't a huge deal to us. There was of course, the one table with $3 BJ and the rest at higher minimums. I didn't realize how small Hooters is. There really isn't much to do there. Every restaurant on the sides of the casino floor seemed to be the same -- wings and beer. I think for every hundred you loose, you should be able to get 3 free chicken wings or something, haha. As much as I like chicken wings, I won't be back. It's too small and smokey. (The poker section was a joke. No one was there and it was literally a small corner of the room.)
this place need to be taken down.... its not even worth a free night . spend the exrta cash and go else where...
Totally disappointing casino.  With a name like hooters you expect a little more showmanship in the casino floor.
Pretty bad atmosphere. I have been waiting for 30 minutes with 8 other people to sit at a 3 dollar 6-5 blackjack table and they won't open another table or even a $5 table.
Hooters wings is in my top 5 favorite things to eat, so of course I spent the very first hours of 2014 here. The line was long, but we got seated within 10 minutes. The server was sweet and the food came out quickly.  Got my faves the classic buffalo wings, boneless wings, and buffalo shrimp, it tasted like Hooters. Nothing really to complain about :) If you don't like salty food, don't get the Parmesan Garlic cause that shit is salty.
Updated review: Some of the hooter girls at this location are mean and very rude. A lot of them are inexperienced, and you can tell that they're only there for a paycheck. When some of the girls do their birthday songs, you can tell that they don't want to be there and that they aren't enjoying themselves.

The food is alright. Sometimes it comes out stale, other times you can tell when it's freshly cooked. I'm glad Holiday Inn is revamping the place; hope it gets better with time. 

All in all I had to take 4 stars from my previous review. For now, this Hooters just doesn't do it for me.
Disappointed with the casino and restaurant inside.

I am a hooters lover. Everywhere I go, I want hooters wings...this place served some awful wings. Greasy and chicken not cooked enough. I'd give them a pass but my friend also returned his wings.

Casino is small and restaurant has an awkward layout.

We sat at bar and were served. Bar was disgusting. Waitresses wanted no business working...typical young girls with nothing better to do. Food took 20 mins to come out.

Really let down with the whole experience. Next time in Vegas is give it another shot but would be very hesitant.
I could write a fawkn novel about this place been coming here about 5yrs now and I think they went corporate. Either way I always have a good time here. Rooms kind of suck but the on site tat shop did a great job on my buddy. 
This place gets 5 stars because of their bartender Pam. She's older and in the back bar usually. This chic rocks!
Food is standard for hooters. 
I got the presidential suite there a few years ago. Was nice and fun for my guests but expected a little more hospitality from management for booking a room that costed over $600 
All in a always a fun time. Sober or HAUSED.
Good food as usual and 25% off for active duty military!
Stayed in the hotel for a 3 day softball tournament. The location is great, but it's just not the cleanest. The place just looks like management doesn't care anymore. The hotel smells. The bungalows were a little better, but the view of the empty pool & raggedy resort area with construction tape everywhere left a lot to be desired. 

I complained, moved rooms, and even asked the room to be cleaned again, but their idea of presentation and mine are very different. Next time, I'll just spend the extra money.
Rooms are dirty and old time to renovate! Paid too much for the 
Quality if the room! I'm surprised there wasn't bed bugs the room was soo dirty!
At least the wings are good!
This place is depressing. They certainly do not live up to their name. And I'm willing to look past that (well, maybe not) but there was just no energy in this place. I twas a Thursday night, and the casino area was dead. It was worse than casinos in Reno. The only reason we came here is because we were staying at the Tropicana and wanted a change. 

The only reason we stayed was because we were hungry and wanted a cheap dinner...wings. We got an assortment of wings, and they were just okay. The waitress was nice, but completely forgettable. It was one of our friend's bday, and all the waitresses were about to sing, but the "main" waitress forgot the song, so they had to go back, teach her, and they came back 20 minutes later. Really??

We went to a bar which, again on a Thu night, had maybe 10 people in it. And we roll in with our group of 8 and pretty much take over. Again, no fault of the bartender, as he was cool, but the vibe is just sad. 

When there are so many choices on the strip, I don't think you need to bother with this one.
I stay at the hotel ALL the time and I LOVE it. However the Hooters restaurant is AWEFUL. The manager is grade A bologna. The hostesses do not know anything. We were told that we could bring alcohol in but then the manager came up to us and impolitely mentioned we are not allowed to open anymore beer bottles. (Which we had purchased from the restaurant early morning.) I don't know the hiring process at this restaurant but they should reconsider the people they hire. I work at a very upscale restaurant and I can promise you we would never treat our guests the way I have been treated here. Then again it is Hooters.
Not bad and surprised that Corporate doesn't spruce up the place a bit.  

Stayed there a few nights and the rooms were a bit run down.

The waitresses are kinda airheads and a little older than what one might expect at Hooters.  Some were even a little COUGAR-like.  That surprised me and I kept my nephew who was with me... away from these gals.

Service was poor.  Food OK, but not like the Restaurant-only joints.

Sorry.  I expected more.
Going down fast.room was kinda clean,called housekeeping 3 times for coffee,never came.gym machines are squeaky loud and dirty.
I really like Hooters.  Its definitely more No-Frills! :)

I got a room in the main tower for $30 but with the BS resort fees of $17 it was $47.  But even after I bend over for the BS fees, the place is clean and simple.  Its a great alternative to keeping things cheap.   If you go with your buddy, Its less than $25 per night.

If you play blackjack, this casino still does 1.5x for blackjack.  Some of the other casinos are moving to the BS 6/5 payout.  

To expound on the rooms, but I am in real estate and the rooms are kinda the typical cheap (but clean) rooms that we see in some ghetto fix and flips.  For the price, I can't complain.  

A good alternative might be the Rio.  Their rooms are better and in a similar price point, but I'm sure you will have to bendover more for the BS resort fees.
Stayed at Hooters only once and it was last month, January 2014.

What I liked about the Hotel:
-Cheap Rooms
-Walking distance to the Strip
-Perfect location if you are going to see a show/eat at MGM or go clubbing at Hakkasan 
-Can eat wings anytime of the day

Improvements:
-The rooms are quite outdated, but considering the cost of the room (about $22 per night on a weekend), the outdated-ness didn't really bug me. In fact, the rooms were surprisingly nicer than I thought they were going to be! 
-The room was fairly clean. Not sparkly clean, but definitely clean enough to stay in.
-The elevators were quite old, especially the parking lot ones. At times, my friend and I thought we might get stuck. 

Would I recommend?
-If you are planning a last-minute Vegas trip like my friend and I did last month and will most likely be out and about and not in the room, then I definitely recommend you staying here! If you are planning on being in your room a lot and want a nice view and everything, I suggest you plan ahead, pay more and stay on the Strip.
Went here on the recommendation that the casino wasn't as intimidating as many others and, it sure ain't.

I was excited at first at how modest it was, but later disappointed when there wasn't enough people there to play some live poker.

No such thing as Hooters in UK, so it was exciting in a hooray-for-the-objectification-of-women-in-2013-kinda-way and the service was really prompt. 

The sort of place you kinda just have to go to, but in the end it ain't so impressive.
Looks real old fashion when you go inside. The waitress are hot. I like the outfits on them.. The restaurant is all the way in the back need to be in the front. Needs a bigger sportsbook. Don't shoot craps table always sucks..
food is better than other locations.  although i had a feather still stuck on the wing.
This place is a DUMP. That's the easiest way to put it. The valet was no where to be seen. The parking garage was horrible. The elevators were slow and dirty. The rooms was disgusting. The employee I dealt with was nice enough. I paid for the room in hotels.com but I didn't stay there. I just got a room somewhere else. That's how bad it was. I uploaded some pics to show how bad it was.
Really would be a one star, except it has it's bright points (staff who try).  

The good:  Cheap.  The bad:  Old dirty, smells like a fraternity after a beer brawl.

Could be a five star if you like cheap beer...
Do you need anything else if you have beer, wings, and tittays??

There is only one right answer to this question, and the answer is...NO.
Unless your answer was: MORE beer, MORE wings and MORE tittays. That answer gets you bonus points. 

This review is for the Hooters restaurant and Casino. I did not stay in a room. Nor would I, because the wood paneling and the bright orange was just too much! I imagine this elegant motif carries itself through to the rooms. Much much too demure a place for me to handle staying there. 

Hooters remains true to their motto. They stay tacky. And they own it, which is why I actually like it. The waitresses still walk around with their logo tank tops, nylon covered ass cheeks, LA Gear tennis shoes and tube socks. It comforts me to know that I experience Hooters the same way patrons did when the place first opened.

I like their wings and fried pickles, although I will admit, the food here, no matter the location, is always mediocre. Hooters keeps thier expectations low so you don't have to. Just kidding, you do. I do love the cheap beer and smorgasbord of different shapes and sizes of boobies on their best push up game. Never change Hooters. I know you won't.
Hey all! Well this place is definitely not the ritz. However, when my flight got cancelled and I was not sure what to do when I had to stay the night, this place was cheap and affordable! Though it is an older hotel and it is noticeable it is clean. The food downstairs is still great wings like hooters always has! In addition, tables are cheaper (which is nice) than the other spots. It is not on the strip though around the corner from the strip. And being across from the MGM and next to Tropicana you can just walk through them to get to the strip too. 

The hotel is also quiet compared to most others including others that are off the strip.  It also has free wi-fi. The customer service is ok, some are beyond nice, such as setting up a players card, in the restaurant but the hotel management is not always the best. But in that sense you are still getting a deal with what you pay for. 

Defiantly would stay again not the first place but if I had to stay cheaply or got screwed  again by the airlines I know I could get a room, quickly too, and it would be clean and a good place to sleep as well as continue to gamble and be close to the action.
Stayed here a few times and I do like the rooms. If you are looking for a nice, clean, basic Vegas resort this is the place for you. The hotel and casino are relatively small so everything is conveniently located, just a hop, skip and a jump from your room to the casino to the pool or parking garage. The prices are a hit or miss, sometimes they have really great deals and sometimes they are just downright terrible. They have a 24 hour gift shop (located next to the elevators of the two towers of the hotel) that has munchies, moonshine and gifts, which is nice. They have a few restaurants which are open a little late but do close so if the tummy starts to growl after a night of partying you might want to grab something to eat on the way back to the hotel or you'll starve. There really isn't anywhere to party in this resort. It is more of a gamble, sleep, repeat kind of place. The pools are relaxing, the beds are comfy and the views are decent...perfect for those that are in Vegas for a chill weekend.
Hotel and Casino Are Dumpy! Old tvs from the 90's and the toilet was wore out uncleenable i think. Service sucked. Ended up getting rm service to get wings!
This review is just for the Hooters Restaurant and not the Casino or Hotel.  

Pros-The Beer was cold and fairly cheap compared to other places we visited, facilities were clean and the wait staff were fairly prompt.

Cons- My wife and I went here for wings and ordered the Spicy Garlic which we both love.  Every other time at every other Hooters, these wings are very strong with Garlic flavor with a little spice.  These wings were just the opposite.  They were overpowered with heat and almost no garlic flavor. 

My wife and I could not finish a 10 piece that we were sharing and she likes much hotter foods than I do.

I spent more time wiping the sweat from my forehead than I did eating or drinking while we were here. 

Would have been a 1 Star if not for the Pros listed above.  I'm not saying not to go here,  I'm saying don't order these wings unless you have a cast iron stomach.
This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken. This place need a huge renovation. The tv's are from the 80's and taking a shower doesn't make you feel clean. At least it is across from the MGM so you can spend your time over there.
Hooters restaurant sucks. Poorly managed with the managers more interested in flirting with the servers.  Current bartender not very strong.
Service here was amazing. Ask for Tammy!
For a place that's supposedly known for wings, it wasn't so good. I was very hungry but couldn't finish the 20 wings I was sharing with my friend. The 10 grilled wings were tossed in this super spicy tangy Cajun sauce. Eeee. Should've had the sauce on the side. The other 10 wings had sauce on the side but the batter was chalky tasting. Eeee.

The shrimp and spinach salad was good. Tsk. Was so craving good wings though.
My 1st time staying at Hooters. It's not as sexual as it may seem to be. It's a regular 'ol casino/hotel w/ nothing more than hard working ladies taking care of their customers. Hotel is SMALL (which is good): everything is accessible without having to run around a maze of slot machines/shops to find a bathroom. It's easy to navigate & clean. It's DATED: meaning it's not fancy/modern. Which is TOTALLY fine with me, especially for the affordability! What I was not a fan of is the elevators: they are in dire need of repairs. We were given a 15th floor room (very nice view of the mountains in the distance & the pool below). 1 of the times in which i was in the elevator going up, it dropped by a few feet. SCARED ME TO DEATH! I avoided that elevator from then on out and told the hotel people about the incident. Hopefully they will fix/update the machinery soon, 'cause the weird noises are a sure sign of worse things to come! Besides this: the hotel is great! Unbeatable location if you are looking to be close to the south end of the strip. The MGM (which is a billion times more expensive per night) is directly across the street. Granted, the MGM has more amenities, but if you are just looking for a clean/comfortable place to sleep while in vegas, without spending all of your budget on the hotel room, stay at Hooters. (PS: the pool seems nice. i didn't get to use it since this was a 48 hour business trip at the beginning of march 2014 but i would have used it if i had had a chance).
kann man empfelen
The Bad:  This hotel is old.  The rooms have a 26" tube TV.  The bathrooms are comparable to a Motel 6. They have two places to eat...Hooters...wings and burgers and the Onion something.  People smoke weed in the rooms which stinks up a whole floor. The fixtures etc all seemed to be replaced but with repair/apartment grade stuff.  Big dings in the drywall.  Old rugs that you don't dare walk on in bare feet, (sleep in your socks if you get up at night). Real, real basic accomodations.

The Good:  Really cheap rooms. Regular people in the bar and gaming area.  Easy to get in and out of out front, not a zoo.  Kind of a fun but controlled frat house atmosphere in the small casino area. Right across the street from the MGM if you want all the fluff and $25 crap tables and $25 black jack tables.  The in-room coffee maker was good.  made shaking off the morning cobwebs a little easier.  No place for breakfast that I could find.  All the staff was great and very friendly/helpful and the "Hooter's Girls" working the casino area were very easy on the eyes and nice.

Like everything is this world, you kinda get what you pay for.  If you want a cheap place to crash or don't care about the fancy schmance casino, this place will work.  I took a chance and stayed here while in Vegas on business.  Probably won't go back unless I was on a bare bones budget, and even then I'll look around for something else.
Hooters management, please don't send me a pretend compliment saying I'm picky when you make sucky wings. How do you screw up wings? Read all the other reviews and try to improve, not defend like a punkass bitch.
Me and my husband came here for dinner on our last night of our vacation. The bartender was great despite being by herself. The food and other waitresses were less pleasant. The fried pickles were disgusting, the fries and wings were very bland and had no flavor at all, the bartender noticed we didn't eat the fried pickles so she had the manager remove them from our tab. When we tried asking a waitress for napkins and silverware she walked around the bar to tell the bartender instead of just doing it herself an she was rude about it. Just as we were leaving one of the waitresses was complaining to the manager about the wifi, your working why are you worried about it. If it weren't for the bartender id give it a 1 star.  We won't be coming back for the food, the casino is a different story. I think when Hooters was on undercover boss they should have come to this location
Worst dining experience in Vegas. It took me twenty minutes just to get a water at a half full bar. Food came out cold and many products, specifically ranch are not  in house products like every other hooters. I will never go back. At one point I genuinely thought Jon Taffer might walk in and start yelling, god knows he should.
Doesn't even taste like hooters wings! The ranch that came with wings was pre packaged. What happen to home made ranch? Fry's were good though, guess those aren't difficult to make.
Big fan if the wings but with this Hooters, the Hooters in Savannah, Ga and Honolulu, Hi when I take my wife with me we get below avg service. It's like the girls see me with another women and just assume I don't deserve decent service from them. It takes well over 10min before someone ask if we want any drinks, then if we're lucky we get at least one refill after our cups have been empty for half an hr. We place our orders and after we are served we won't see our waitress till it's time for the check. It's frustrating cause I've been to hooters many if times with my friends and we get spot on service but the times I wanna take the wife with me I might as well not even bother and go someplace else if I want decent service.
Granted, it's Hooters.  And Hooters in Vegas is ten times worse than anything you can possibly imagine.  However in this economy customer service is essential for a business to thrive.  The valet attendant who simply drove our vehicle and left the car without saying anything to us and didn't offer to assist with luggage made the choice of tip amount simple.  Zero.  Because he didn't even say a word to us as he walked by, presumably to take his smoke break.  

The pool is open 24/7 all year round, however it's all guys there, and I'd hate to even think of the sperm count contained within.  The only women at that pool are the hooters girls, and they're paid to flirt with you.  You're not that funny.  In fact, watching you from my window I saw most of the waitresses avoiding you after hassling them for your fifth picture and yelling, "sluts!"

The next door neighbors violently vomiting (with the door open?) until 5 am is to be expected in Vegas at a "red neck haven" such as this one.  If you can afford to go somewhere else, do so.  Otherwise, stay home, save your money and buy a pair of shoes.

That said, the servers were nice.  You have to be respectful to them and you may get the same waitress back to the table more than once.  If you're a d-bag or harassing, it seems they'll send a different one to take over.
I believe this is the old San Remo Casino...and it still looks like the old San Remo Casino.  Guys will like it, because it's hooters.  Food was not up to par, and although the restaurant says it's open 24/7, my wife and were told we had to order food from the bar after 11pm.  Buffalo Wild Wings are way better than Hooter's wings.  If I was 22 again and wanted a place to flop after drinking/clubbing, this is the spot.  If you're looking for a fun time (even a family time) in a nice, well-maintained place, this ain't it.  Probably won't be back.
This is a dirty late night casino right off the Vegas strip across from the MGM. My boyfriend stayed here 8 years ago and raved about how nice it was, within five minutes of being there I heard him saying "this sure isn't what it used to be!" I guess it really went downhill. The dealers were very unprofessional, especially at the craps tables. Everything was kind of run down. I went back to the bar to order some famous wings to take back to the hotel so I could get us out of there. The bartenders were as bad as the dealers, I saw my order sitting on the counter for at least 10 minutes before he finally gave them to me and I had already paid. It was irritating! The wings tasted really good and were the only good part of our experience at hooters (probably because we got the wings to go!) Skip this place, there's a ton of other options close by!
I had extremely low expectations for this place. We booked 4 nights and got it for $129 (pre fees, etc) 

PROS-
24 hour pools & hot tubs. Pool area is nice, with sand, games, beer pong, etc. 
Food open at hooters 24 hours. Great for a late night snack. Order the "lotsa tots" haha

The rooms are old, and not the fanciest as to be expected. But for the price, and being really close to the strip, it was not a big deal. There was a nice makeup area outside the shower/bathroom I always like that. 

Rumor is they are in the process of being bought out - so we shall see what happens. I would stay here again, just to be able to swim at 4:00 am when I get in from a crazy night.
Don't turn on your tv in your room. We were charged for $70 worth of movies, both adult and regular. When they tried to charge us for these upon check out I naturally examined we didn't order them. Because they were played, even for a small window of time, the manager explained we had to pay. Then she laughed at us for being upset. Her name is Imelda. She offered to take off one day of resort fees ($15) and asked if that made us happy. Obviously no was t my answer so she remarked back, still chuckling, ok then I won't do anything. Unacceptable service. Unacceptable to laugh at your guests. I told her all of this and she finally explained I could call the company since the moves are all managed by a 3rd party and they would most likely refund me. It's a hassle to have to do this but she could have told me this before she started laughing at us. Hooters is cheap so it's fine to overlook outdated accommodations but I will not tolerate disrespectful service. I stayed here with a group of 20 in 8 different rooms. You lost all of us as customers.
Great Food Great Experience
I'd like to take a few moments of your time to let you know about our recent dining experience at Hooters.
On Tuesday April 1st, 2014 my friend and I decided to have dinner at your establishment.
First of all, I'd like to say a few things about our waitress Jasmine.
She was awesome. Very polite and outgoing. She made us feel welcome. It was a wonderful experience having Jasmine looking after us. She really was sincere and made us very comfortable. Always smiling.
First we had drinks and then she even asked us when we would like to have our onion rings. Before or with our dinner. We thought that was amazing!
Our dinner came and yet more friendly comments. WOW!
Our chicken wings were amazing and exactly how we ordered them. Once again more friendly chatter.
After dinner she asked us if we would like to take our leftover food home with us. We said yes of course.
She even sat down and chatted briefly with us once again.
Jasmine is a wonderful young lady and you could just tell that she truly enjoys her job. She is a superb asset to
This is a pretty nice hotel for the price and the location is pretty good better than some other places that are actually on the strip.  The beds are comfortbale but what makes this place 4 stars insteqad of a 3 star is because they have a 24 hour pool area that i have not seen elsewhere on the strip.  Plus they have  the hooter wings which is great when your drunk..lol

We have stayed here once and would stay here again for sure especially if its a quick weekend trip  or if your in vegas to party and not sleep much then this is the place to be for sure

The slots are ok but not the best on the strip but they arent as busy as some of the other casinos on the strip so that is a plus in my book.   Easy layot really helps out too.  usually pretty good drink deals as well just make sure they dont charge you for the drinks if they bring them too u at the slots cause i had that happen twice.  Must of been stuck with newvies...lol
I booked this hotel and my wife woudnt go due to bad reviews on yelp.happy to say excellent front desk service/clean rooms/great food/excellent prime rib at 9,.99.would stay again.room rates reasonable across from MGM taxi entrance
Wow!  They got me good....
Booked through Orbitz so it's non-refundable.  Very old bldg (slump block) with equally old carpet & sheets.  Maybe worth $45 ... Not the nearly $200 I got taken for!
Please I just hope there are no BED BUGS...
No way do they EVER get repeat business!
This place should be condemned...
Please Mr. Wynn... Buy this & level it!
It's my first night here and if it wasn't for the Country Music Awards I would not be staying here!
The room is extremely dated, the beds are bowed in the middle, the TV has snow on 1/2 the channels. The room actually stinks so bad that I may not make it! (Covered in perfume or something)
We ate dinner in the Hooters Restaurant and I will say that it was horrible!  The service was bad, the hostess was horrible!  When we left there were 25 people in line waiting to get a table when half the restaurant was empty!  (This was at 8:15pm)
I can honestly say, I will never come here again!
Food wasn't more then average or less. The waitress was unmotivied and where the hell are the boo...h...hooters?
Hooters Hotel has one of the cheapest prices in town! 

Decent room for the price you pay especially since it is roughly a third of the price of the other hotels on the Strip.  In fact, I believe that  I've actually paid nearly three times as much for the same exact room at Bellagio minus the view of the water fountain of course.. But I rather have a view of the parking and save the rest for a tasty buffet!  Hooters provide their guests with the basic necessities... Comfy beds, bathroom, tv, and wifi.  Plus it is in close proximity to the other hotels on the Strip which I appreciate.  They also offer room service as well.  The price for the room service meals seems very affordable and comparable to the price they charge at the restaurant.  I came here for Spring break and I'm really glad I booked a room with Hooters!  The only downside is that even though it is near the main Strip... You would still have to drive.. Overall, Great room at an affordable rate!
Not a fan. Everyone here is on island time and island speed. 

We had the website reservations error on us. We waited about 30 mins, two hang ups and talked to four people before it got corrected. 

Upon checking in, valet was no where to be found. The checkin desk was extremely slow and not organize. 

The room are basic and what I expect for the price. I had no problems with the beds. The casino is tiny. 

When we went to leave, valet was no where in sight again. The waited a good 10 mins, and went to the valet/bell door. 

For $50 a night during a trade show I would stay here again, but for priced more, on a vacation or quick get away I would not.
This place is one of the worst i've stayed in.  bed was worn out and sagging in the middle.  The carpets were dirty and stained.  Old tv too!  Carpet was peeling away from the wall.  If you are super drunk and wasted, this is hotel for you.
I had high hopes for this place, seeing as how it's Hooters central, but perhaps I haven't been to enough Hooters to know that one should keep their expectations at a modest level for such establishments. 

There's not much to say that hasn't already been said in other reviews, but here's the short of it. Security thugs outnumber the Hooters girls, making the place feel generally inhospitable. The bar was understaffed on a Thursday night with two bartenders taking orders from 20-something customers seated at the bar, as well as fulfilling orders from the floor. Tough job, and unfair to both staff and patrons. 

The pool looks clean, and the gym is nice enough with standard equipment including weight machines and cardio. The whole place is just dingy, like it hasn't been modified in 30 years. It's 2014, and my bathroom sink wouldn't drain. In that sense, it's divey, so if that's your thing, you'll love it here. Unremarkable otherwise, even for the lowlow price of a one night's stay.
iam a local go there twice a year very nice pools clean they have mad onion there food very good and good prices love it there people very nice
2pm lunch, good service. We got the 50 pieces wings and sause on the side. Spring Break 2014!!
When you want wings, you want to head to Hooters...try to get seated in Ashley S's section (preferably when Mike Lee is working) and you'll get INCREDIBLE service matched only by Ashley's adorable smile!
Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girls
Just had a delicious breakfast of a fruit place and egg whites.  Scrumptious
Pretty good food, pretty packed most of the time. I enjoyed the fact that the food got to me very fast and was delicious still. I expected it to be pretty bad since it was quick, and its hooters... but it was good.
I forgot to update my review. They did invite us back and gave us 2 days to enjoy. Place is still not very impressive. They are doing renovations but they are modest at best. This would have been fine except I've noticed the prices have increased as well. All in all the earned a couple extra stars for trying to make things right. Oh and also when we got there are room wasn't ready for over 2 hours after check in time. Weird but this could have been a fluke.
Room was big and standard. Not many towels but enough. No refrigerator. The food was meh, and drinks expensive. Girls were alright, the casino didn't smell too bad.
Cheap rooms are good, especially if you plan on being out and about most of the time. The rooms are okay, mostly just a place to shower and knock out at the end of the night. It's close to the MGM. It's a little bit off the strip but you can walk to the strip if you want. My friends and I got tired of walking so the last night we took a taxi to get around. My favorite part of this hotel was coming back at 2 or 3 AM and going to the Hooters restaurant for wings.
Damn Mike Lee is a great manager and he makes this place a better environment and gives awesome customer service. And he's adorable and cute.
The Hooters Casino Hotel has gone down hill since the summer I was there. The girls are rude and self centered and they don't care about the customer. The kitchen spends more time looking at the girls then they do actually cooking the food. No one works as a team. They are worried about making tips, and how good they look. I would not go back. I would spend my money at Buffalo Wild Wings, tilted kilt and twin peaks before I go back to hooters. I actually saw a manager insult a girl on the floor. Called her a dyke! GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!
The best price next to the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  Great food and service.  See Pam the bartender at the Sports Book.  She will keep you laughing.  Mike Lee the Manager at Hooters ran circles around us.  If you want to unwind without feeling like you are lost in a crowd of people and enjoy one on one service this is the place.
Not bad. Good price and good location. I'd have no problem staying there again.
The cost/benefit ratio is very good at Hooters  @ $47/night (including the $16 resort fee, depending when you book)!  The hotel is centrally located, across the MGM Grand Hotel.  Hooters is definitely showing its age though.  The carpeting, wall fixtures, rooms, and general appearance is showing significant wear and tear.  the hotel is in need of a facelift.  The rooms are clean but showing that 90's look--including  tube TV.  That being said, Hooters is probably the best value hotel you will find adjacent to the strip (Technically it's 1-blk off the strip on Tropicana).  The hotel offers nice pools with a full service bar, a sandy beach area,hot tub, scantly clad Hooters Girls, and party music.   Gambling is cheaper too with $3 black jack.  Located inside Hooters, is the Mad Onion restaurant.  Mad Onion serves a very good prime rib dinner, cooked to order prime rib, with a baked potato, steamed vegetables, and roll w/ butter for $9.95.  We ate there three nights and really liked it.  Hooters is a 3-star hotel,  presenting 4-star value.  Hooters is a Vegas frat house oriented party hotel.  If you've come to Vegas to party, eat, drink on the cheap, to enjoy the strip and just need your room to serve as "home base" to recharge, than Hooters is your place.  If you want the luxurious Vegas hotel room experience, stay elsewhere and pay a lot more.
I was very happy with my visit to Hooters. The price was very reasonable for being next to the strip. The Hooters restaurant is open 24 hours, bonus!!! The rooms were very nice and clean. They have a very big pool area which is also 24hours. The casino itself is kind of small. My only real gripe is I went to go order a carry out around 3pm and I had to wait about 8 minutes before the bartender was able to take my order, they were definetly understaffed. Overall, I would definetly stay here again. For the people that complain about the resort fee, its a part of life in Vegas and most casinos charge it. Even with the resort fee this hotel was still a great value.
This hotel is full of people that don't sleep and look cracked out. Went to hooters restaurant and the hostess ladies were chit chatting and instead of seating us when they saw us they kept talking. Literally we checked the bed for bugs because this hotel is so gross.
Not sure why all the bad reviews. This was my first time in Vegas, and I thoroughly enjoyed what little time I spent here. The price was phenomenal for being basically on the strip. Even better were the views from the room (on the Strip side).

The rooms were nothing special, a little worn and dated decor. The bathroom was clean and the bed comfortable enough. If you are going to Vegas to sit in your hotel room and order room service then do not come here. If your in Vegas to see the sights, view the shows, or gamble; then why do you need a 5-star hotel?! No need to spend $200 per night for a room you might spend 6 hours a day in. 

The staff was respectful and courteous throughout the stay. We called for some extra towels one evening, they were at our door within 5 minutes.

There was a house band at night all weekend in the restaurant (great female lead vocalist) and a bikini contest on Saturday.

I have never thought of Hooters as a "Family" restaurant, nor do I feel this is a family oriented hotel. So leave the kiddies at home for this one. This is were I will stay for future visits.
So if u trying to stay close to the strip without paying strip fees then this is the Hotel for you. However, some of the customer service is bad. Some of the staff wasn't as nice as others. Also our television in the room never worked. I posted a picture by the way of the screen. Also I called for room service and no one ever answered. I would only stay here again if I was desperate.
You know the old saying, you get what you pay for? This definitely applies to the Hooters hotel. The price is so cheap and the hotel has the bare minimum. I went with friends and we all split the room and it was practically free. 

The location isn't that great because it's kind of far from everything but you walk a lot in Vegas anyways. I've been to Vegas so many times and I definitely wouldn't put this place on the top of my list but it was a memorable experience. We had dinner at the restaurant and the food was okay. The service wasn't that great.

If you want to do Vegas cheap then you should stay here. You're never really in your room anyways so who cares.
Props to our server Callie, and the manager mike lee for the awesome service thank u  for taking care of us!!! great experience!!!
Took 28 minutes to get a buffalo chicken
Sandwich. Awful service. Highly don't recommend spending your hard earned dollars at this dump.
Food was good. Also try some shrimp with your meal. They have pretty good customer service. I would come back again
We did not stay here just came to eat & gamble... The casino is on the smaller side the restaurant was decent.
Would never walk into this place ever again! food is horrible, service is even worse! Dont do it! avoid this place like the plague...
Yes, the rooms are old.  The internet access is extremely slow and patchy in places.  Service varies, with stellar performance by the male pool bartender (gave us a tip- of all the frozen drinks Hooters serves, the Rum Punch has the most alcohol, versus the Pina Colada which has almost none) and lacking performance by the female bartender inside the Hooters restaurant (not even a smile - what's up with that?).

HOWEVER:

1) Summer special when booking online - $32 for the night, not including resort fees (about $14) and taxes.  This included:
a) Two free frozen alcoholic drinks 
b) Platter of 10 free wings
c) $10 free slots play 
d) $10 free "match play"

2) Sign up for a free card to play in the casino (necessary for your free slots play), and you'll get another coupon for $5 free "match play" and $5 free (price of a beer) at the restaurant.

3) Check in offer at the bar - a free beer of your choice if you check in on Facebook or Twitter.  Sit at the bar and everyone in your party can check in apparently.

4) Sign up for text messages from Hooters, and guess what? Another free plate of 10 wings!

5) Sit at the bar when it's almost show-time, and there's a possibility a hypnotist will run by and hand you two free tickets.

So, overall, we made more money off Hooters during this trip than they made off us. This is my first time to Vegas, but I'm pretty sure this isn't how it's supposed to work. 

Definitely worth a stay if you're a fan of good financial decisions.
This place smells like ass and I don't think anyone ever fixes anything that's broken there.  Or cleans anything. Stay away.
Hooters restaurant is like it is everywhere.  Crap.  The ladies had no hooters themselves.  The food is never great.  The hotel room was not great had an iron burn on the carpet rooms need to be updated and they charge u for drinks when your gambling.  Ok if you can get the room really really cheap
we didn't stay or gamble here. we only came in for some late night food and happened to see a live band as well.
the restaurant is small but it was nice for the live entertainment. the band itself wasn't that good but they were entertaining. our server was super nice and attentive. we both just got some apps, good but nothing special.
Ok so if u are looking for a place that is on the strip, cheap and has a nice pool here u are but also know you are getting a super smelly, dirty hotel. I had soap scum in the bath tub, I needed to dig shit out of the drain and the floor had God knows what caked all over it. Super out dated place the casino was blah and there was no entertainment  worth checking out. Also for a place that is suppose to have "hot girls" there where very few that fit the hooters stereotype.
I stayed here in early June for my mini vacation. The hotel room was decent. I also enjoyed my solitude time at the pool.

I am still not impressed with the overall experience. When I ordered from the restaurant, the servers were not too friendly. The lady who took my order gave me attitude. I wish I could remember her name. 

I felt like the hotel personnel was only there for a paycheck. I will not stay here again unless I was better compensated.
Sooooo slow. Super dated, food was OK, thought this would be a holy grail Hooters to visit. Now I relaize there is a reason its at the end of the strip and not in the middle.
The hotel itself was dated, but they do have decent restaurant and nice looking girls.  With the price you are paying, you won't get a five star ambience, come on, 80 (including the resort fee) per day or less for a low season.  The only caution I would give is that some customers who stay there don't look normal.  But other than that, nice girls, nice pool, ok food, ok casino.  What more can you ask for living a block away from strip and paying less than half of the price of most hotels' or motels' costs?  I can guarantee that motel 6 or howard johnsons are most definitely not comparable to here.  It is safe to live here and convenient if you happen to need to come to Vegas for business trip or just for weekend get away..
Do NOT stay here! Our 1st room was infested w/roaches ( 2 swimming for their lives in the toilet and 2 in the corners of the room hiding.) Our room was dingy, dirty, and old!.... We were upgraded to the "Tower" w/ a view to the strip, bfd.... The air conditioning unit sounds like a lawnmower, our toiletries were have used, the ice bucket broken and NO alarm clock.

Will Never stay here again
Only gambled here.

If you are the type who enjoys hole in the wall, no frills casino, this is the spot for you. Cheap tables and comped stiff drinks compliment the worn carpet well. I would have probably stayed a little longer here but got cleaned out quick. Otherwise, it was nice being somewhere that I did not have to lay down 20 bucks every hand.
Coming to Vegas for a convention and reserved at the Hooter's Hotel. Checking in was no problem; however, were a bunch of unsavory characters lurking around and following me. When I get to my room, turns out the balcony door had no lock or bar on it, so I'm afraid to get a good nights sleep. Eventually after contacting the front desk, the maintenance man to fix it with a screw driver. There was a nice pool area with a water fall which I enjoyed. It's located at the south end of the strip across the street from the MGM Grand hotel. If you are planning to catch the Monorail inside of the MGM Grand you will have to cross over the busy street to do so. I rate this a 3 overall.
This place pretty much sucks..this is my first time staying in a old type hotel coming to vegas...hooter girls were pretty much nasty.not like the ones out in cali. ..won't be staying here again ...
So we have been here for about 35 minutes and we have not even receive water, there not even pack and the waitress seem like they are just lounging around. So rude.
Stayed here for two nights on 4th of July weekend ! Our first room was not too shaby. It was reasonably clean and comfy, however the bed frame was broken and sticking out from under the bed and it cut me. After complaining and doing an incident report we were moved to a room on the 17th floor. This room had more floor space but looked beat up. It was very dirty, part of the wall was broken, and the sink and shower were backed up. Also this room had a coffee maker but no coffee, only sugar and cream packets. Lame. So finally after settling into our second room we got a rewards card for gambling. When we signed up we got a coupon book for a total of 10$ off our meal at Hooters, a 15% coupon for the gift shop, and a couple of gambling related coupons. 

The pool was descent. There was a DJ, beer pong, ping pong, corn hole, a waterfall, and a bar. I was stoked at how cheap the bar was. Vegas charges up the ass for drinks but this bar at the Hooters pool was great. 

The rooms were some of the cheapest on the July 4th weekend and the location is great, hopefully won't need to stay there again though.
Hooters is Heaven!  Thank you so very much, Kelly, Xavier, Nicole and Trisha at Pete & Shorty's.  The Sierra Nevada (and the water) never stops!  And thanks, too, to Trevor in The Saloon.  That spicy garlic sauce was right on the mark!  

Please, Hooters Management Team, give all these guys a big fat raise!

Update:  Even though Trisha said I shouldn't, I'm adding Joe to the list of outstanding bartenders at Pete & Shorty's.  Thanks, Joe!  He needs a big fat raise, too!
When I had made reservations on the phone we were told that we qualified for some free summer promotions, which was exciting. We arrived at the hotel the day of our stay and was then told we could not have the things promised to us because we needed to make reservations online for those perks and that there employee misinformed us. They didn't even attempt to honor it even though it wasn't our fault. We get to our room which at first glance looked in decent shape. We started inspecting the beds (because I always check for bed bugs) and thankfully the beds were clear of any sign of bed bugs, however we did find pubic hairs and what seemed to be sliced cheese on the mattress it's self.. Pretty gross. There was also loose M&M's on the floor that house keeping didn't care to pick up. The price of the hotel was perfect if your not expecting much.
I had a great experience her. Server was nothing bad to have around. We were there super late and just had some wings and beers to finish off the night. 

It's tucked away in the actuall hooters casino witch is a smaller casino but great place to lay your at at lower prices than some of the bigger hotels. 

Take them to go and munch on them in the morning when the hangover kicks in. Helped me!
This place is dirty. Worst customer service ever. We called room service and we never seen them. We stayed in room 308 for 4th of July. The room was smelling real bad. The bathroom was very dirty and mods around. Dont spend your money here. I have pictures of the room and I will upload them if it let me.
We went there with our friends from Germany to watch the amazing 7:1 soccer game. The food was great but our server LINDSEY was even greater! Super nice, patient, always a smile on her face and a great server! She made a good experience a great one. THANKS LINDSEY!!!!
Worst customer service. Chris who works at the front desk is rude and a jerk. Booked a room with a king for the weekend without the kids. They gave us a room with two doubles with no apologies and Chris made it seem like we were inconveniencing him for asking about the room. He did not smile the entire time and gave us an attitude. 

The room smelled and the towels smelled like cigarettes. The water in the tube wouldn't drain and there was toothpaste on the wall. The ac rattled and shook the room. This place was worst than a motel in ghetto. 

Beware!!!
Never again!!! This is Hooters so I knew it would be bad, but I never thought it would be this disgusting. We found a deal on Vegas.com and we needed a room for just one night. Rooms are from the 80's. Sink would not drain, yay for brushing your teeth in the shower! Shower drained very slowly. Large greasy handprint on the headboard. They claimed it was a no smoking room yet it reeked of old cigs and the carpet was full of burn marks. The A/C unit was so loud it sounded like a freight train, then suddenly it started to smell and we literally thought it was catching on fire!!!! Pool was closed until further notice. We complained and they agreed to remove the $14 resort fee. Do yourself a favor, pay the extra money and stay at a nicer place on the strip. We couldn't wait to get home and shower!!!
This hotel is so outdated. so you know the saying "you get what you pay for?" We'll that's definitely Hooters guidelines. 
Went with friends for a quick gateway and decided to go cheap on our rooms. Big mistake. Minutes after getting settled we had to request a new room. Bathroom sink was so backed up it smelt like a broken sewage pipe. *barf* 
"sorry for the inconvenient but we're going to have to give you an evening shitty room".. Is basically what happened. 
After traveling for 4hours this was the last thing I wanted to deal with. 
No refrigerators in rooms. That's an extra $25 p/n. AC is really loud and rattles. Old school tube television. My friend even got stuck in the elevator. Lol that was actually funny because she was totally buzzed and had a Final Destination moment. 
RUNDOWN hotel. For sure. 
24 hour pool hours but mainley occupied by kids. 
Customer service: horrible! Staff at the front desk are extremely rude. In short: Don't do it!!!!!! If you have afford paying a few more dollars, do so!
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
My friends and I stayed here for one day from Sunday night to Monday morning.  Room was around $30....very cheap, especially for being on the strip.
The place is what you would expect from a hotel owned by Hooters....not very clean and mediocre.

Rooms were cozy but the beds were very cheap and springy.  I didn't use the showers because I was traumatized after reading all of the cockroach stories so I stayed away from the bathroom in general as much as I could.

In the morning, the housekeeping lady knocked on our door at around 10 a.m.  Checkout was at 12 p.m.  We told her we didn't need it but she opened our door anyways using her own card and barged in....talk about rude!  We told her our checkout is at 12 p.m. and she left.

Tip:  Remember to sign up for the player's card.  You get $10 worth to play on the slots (if you put a dollar in), $5 worth to match your $5 on table games, and a $5 off food items from Hooters or Mad Onion (another restaurant that is in there).

Also, if you check in on FB, you get a free pint of beer (I got Blue Moon).  If you text a specific number they give you, you get 10 free wings.  Lots of freebees but they don't let you combine all of the coupons together.

Our order literally took over an hour to arrive.  We ordered 20 wings and 2 orders of fries....how hard is that....  On a positive note, they comped us $10 for being late and $10 more for checking in on facebook (apart from the beer) so that was cool.  They also had live music playing and the gentlemen and the lady playing were quite good.  I told them to play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and they sang the sexiest version of it I have ever heard.

I also used their $10 free slot play to win $40.  So, basically, I stayed there for free, and took money from them.  Great day.
While we were staying at the MGM Grand in Vegas, we were looking around for deals on food and drinks.  We walked over to Hooters casino (which is basically right across the street from MGM on the back side).  We were happy we went!  The drinks weren't that cheap when we got there, but the environment was fun and the dealers were great.  The table games have a slightly lower minimum than many other casinos on the strip.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that we won $400 at roulette!  If you are on the southern end of the strip, definitely check it out!
This old time casino located in the heart of Henderson. Although run down and very old, this property is or was owned by the Peppermill company so there is that signature neon light running throughout the inside. I wouldn't make a trip here necessarily but it is definitely something to see, as someday with all things in Vegas it will be gone!!
My brother in law lives right around the corner from here, so everytime we visit we come for the $1.99 breakfast. Well, i dont cause i hate eggs. I usually just get a side of hashbrowns. Everyone loves this place, and they make a GREAT bloody mary, not from mix, the bartenders own recipe. 

Stay away from the nachos though. Covered in some really strange bland  raincoat-colored plastic cheese.
I am reviewing their coffee shop which is a fabulous value! Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced, and you get a generous serving. My mother loves their liver and onions (yeah, I know ... Its a generational thing), and I am partial to their massive breakfasts. Their omelets are fabulous and chock full of whatever goodies you order.  Service can be a little abrupt, but keep in mind these waitresses have been around the block a few times and don't have the time or energy to play nicey nice with everyone.  Don't expect an elegant dining experience, but do expect some good chow in a nice little restaurant in a cute little casino in the charming little village of Henderson, NV.  CHECK IT OUT!
I've been coming to Henderson for the past 15 years and been eating at this place for the past 13. At first, you think it's some place that sort of tacky but I've grown to absolutely love it. The decor sort of look like it used to be a strip club with the hot pink and blue lights all around the place. It just makes me feel happy when I'm in this place. This has been the only place that has been consistent with the service and food to my liking. The prices are so reasonable. 
THEY HAVE GREAT HAMBURGERS! I always ask for thousand island on the side and it just makes it that much better. If you print out a coupon that is on there website then the deal is so sweet! They have really great fried chicken and mashed potatoes. I've heard they have good chicken fried steaks as well. The breakfast is always reliable. Pancakes, waffles, and egg dishes have all been consistent. Okay now.......The Prime Rib.......... It is so cheap and you have a choice of regular cut or thick cut. HUGE! The money difference is only about a $1 and by the way.........DELICIOUS! 
We tend to gamble here as well. This has been the only place that we can always walk away with some money. It tends to get crowded around dinner time. Expect to have a long wait if you come around this time. 
Hope you like the place as well.  I really think it's worth it especially if you are trying to save some moolah on the eats.
The food is good, cheap and there are no frills here. My parents live in Henderson and have taken us here a few times. It is certainly not a tourist place to seek out but it could be. 

I know we have eaten here a few time and the food never disappoints.

This place is super divey but totally awesome. You can play the games here with better odds than on the strip and get stiff drinks and cheap food. What more do you need?!

And if it is your thing you can smoke in here too, unless they changed that.
The restaurant in this little locals casino has some of the best burgers you'll find in town at a reasonable price.

My favorite is the bacon double cheeseburger. I'm a big guy and this is almost too much food for me which really says something.

Two big pattys- I'm guessing 1/3lb each, so a total of 2/3lb of really good quality beef and your choice of cheese. What really makes this burger outstanding though is the perfectly cooked thick cut bacon. Two large strips of awesomeness criss-cross the top of the burger. Build the rest yourself with the lettuce, tomato, and onion provided on the side. I like some mayo to finish it off and you're good to go.

I haven't found a better BDCB in Vegas yet.
Cute little casino that Grandma took us too for breakfast.  And wow, was the food cheap.  For the 3 of us $20 for breakfast.  That's one reason I love Vega$, the cheapness factor.  I had a waffle with strawberries and my fianc had the pork chop breakfast.  It was huge.  2 huge pork chops, eggs, hash browns, and biscuit and gravy.  The food was pretty good too, and this place was packed.  I will definitely go here again on the next trip.  I noticed in the menu they had a breakfast special for $1.99, but it was over at 11.  The casino was nice too, clean, lots of locals.  I didn't win anything here either, but I had fun, and that is all that matters.
3.5 it's just that they don't have half stars. 

So the bf and i arrive at my friends house at about 6:30am hungry. She tells us that she knows a place we can go since all the other places we wanted to go didn't open up for breakfast til about 8 or 9am. 

So we end up going over to the Rainbow Casino for some grub. This place looks like something out of the movie Casino, just smaller and a bit more run down. 

The breakfast special was less than $3.00 which came with 2 eggs, your choice of bacon(2) or sausage(2), hashbrowns, and choice of toast or biscuits and gravy.

I ordered the 2 eggs (scrambled), 2 sausage, hashbrowns, with biscuits and gravy.

The food tasted good and was a pretty decent portion especially for the price (on weekdays the breakfast special is $1.98). The biscuits and gravy were pretty good as well. I knew this because the bf ate all his and he's usually not  big fan of biscuits and gravy. We all ordered the breakfast special, two drinks and a water and the total came out to $10 and some change pretty darn good for 3 people.

I wouldn't go out of my way to go here if i was staying on the strip but if i was in or around this area and wanted a decent breakfast, that tasted home-cooked instead of tasting like Dennys. This place is the place to go.

They offer a decent amount of items on there menu and they are pretty cheap. I will be coming back...

And so i did come back, later on that day for dinner with the bf, bff and her husband. 

So for dinner the bf and i ordered the Prime Rib Dinner Special, my bff ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu, and her husband ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. All the meals come with choice of soup or salad, baked, mashed, or french fried potatoes, and green beans. I of course ordered the soup, which was cheesy potato that night (and it was pretty tasty).

The portions of the proteins on each of our plates were HUGE! The Prime Rib covered at least 75% of our plate and was pretty thick. I couldn't believe the size of that thing for only $7.95. 

The Au Jus and the Horseradish Sauce that it came with complimented the meat very well. The Prime Rib tasted decent for the price and size. I couldn't even eat half of the Prime Rib so i just took  the rest to go. Actually everyone had left overs from there meal that they took home.   

The total came out to $34.00 for two Prime Rib Dinners, Chicken Cordon Bleu, and Chicken Fried Steak Dinner and two drinks. 

The food here is good but the price makes it better. I will be coming back for more.
It's strip-club-tastic. The neon / mirrors motif is pretty awesome, but you definitely don't want the waitresses to be giving you lap dances.  The gals who wait on you look like old diner movie cliches. They all look like "Maude"s or "Harriet"s.

The food here is good old diner food. Sub Denny's prices, and way better than Denny's quality. Most of the stuff on the menu will shorten your life, but walking through the haze to get to the restaurant takes 10 years away anyhow. My wife thinks the potato skins are awesome, I don't understand the big deal. I think it's more about nostalgia for her. I don't mind going because the prices are great.
I forgot to mention on my review about the casino side of this place. This is me and my twin's ABSOLUTE favorite place to gamble in the WHOLE entire world. We play the 20 card Keno slots and we stay here for hours and hours kicking it. One thing about the small casinos is the waitress comes around all the time. IT's AWESOME. The Casino staff are absolutely wonderful.....Lynda, Anthony, Anthony (not a typo....they're 2 Anthony's) and Chris are so friendly and helpful! There is no other place that comes close to my heart as this little gem in the desert. :)
This is a fun little casino.  The staff is awsome, they remember your name and favorite drink. There is a huge bar with penny slots.  The diner has one of the best prime rib dinners I have ever had.  Sad note, the small 2nd bar is no longer staffed.  Bring your out of town friends, they just won't believe that you can get a full dinner for about $7 bucks.
WOW amazing good deals. PRIME RIB DINNER ONLY $10.00 AND breakfast for only $2.00. This restaurant is a must have. I love the neon raninbow filled carpet and lighting.  YOU HAVE TO GO HERE YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED
Well it is a old school casino.. they have done alot of remodeling which kind of makes it look like it is in south beach or something.  
When I was in high school we used to ditch *yeah I said dittch*  first hour and go here for the 99 cent breakfast.  I think it is 1.99 now . 

My mom in an effort to deter my boredom from being housebound with my foot for the last three weeks attempted to take me to dinner tonight .. Because of the above case  i was thinking ..  that they totally need a new air purification system in there. 

*Hey .. cheap food yay
* mmm dinner
* mmm I can be a carnivore

So we arrived me on my crutches.. which thankfully handicapped friendly *bonus*
However this is an older casino and is REALLY smokey... it is really hard to breathe in here.  It would be nice with all their remodeling if they invested in a better 

Now normally for dinner I would order

*prime rib
*fried shrimp
*steak
* french dip sandwich

However my mom was bragging about this logger sandwich so.. I deviated from my regular and .. ordered differently. 

HUGE mistake.

So... for somereason everything I got did not taste good... no really like .. it wasn't their normal. 
The ranch dressing tasted bitter.. 
The sandwich was not my fave .. I think I did not like the sourdough cheddar and green chile.. maybe on a different bread? just wasn't for me .. the french fries even tasted wierd. 

My mom got a steak and said it was good but really garlic-y. The baked potato was good .. I should have gotten one of those. 

The price wasn't bad and service was good .. but really this was not my best experience... 
and I have had better. 

Now back to sitting with my foot UP and resting .
***Update 3/13/11***
Last night we were trying to figure out somewhere to go for a quick dinner that would not be too far from the house. I suggested this place since we did not eat in the Diner the previous time. We got seated after about 5 minutes and opened what is a gold mine of a menu. They have anything from burgers to pasta, breakfast and prime rib. Every thing on the menu is way under priced which being the cheap skate I am works out well.

We all got the broccoli and cheese soup that came with every meal, and pretty much ate it in one minute it was so good. I got the Chicken Parmesan that was delicious and came with garlic bread. The ladies got chicken tenders with a baked potato and both were very good since I ate half of their meals as well.

The waitress was very nice and the atmosphere is casual and bright due to the neon theme.

I feel bad that I just found this place after nine months in Vegas, and will try and hit this place up on a regular.

-------------------------------

Valentines 2/14/11

On our drive back to our place at Lake Las Vegas, saw a sign for Eldorado Casino next right. Thought we should check out something new, and took the right turn to find downtown historic Henderson which I have been wanting to see for awhile. One small street with three dinky casinos on it and of course this one strikes your eye with the bright rainbow lights.

Not much to see in here other than it is decorated like the Pepper Mill on the strip. Cheap beer but pretty smokey due to it's size.
"Images" ( unless they changed the name ) inside the Rainbow Casino is one of my all time favorite places in the nation to eat breakfast.  Their country friend steak is the best.  Their country gravy to die for!   Definately worth the small car ride from Vegas to try it.

Only drawback is that it's a small place so the wait can be 20+ min on a busy day.
Ah Rainbow Club diner where have you been hiding? I found this little hidden gem during "Date Night". Since we're both food junkies, my other half wanted me to experience the Rainbow Club, similar to Peppermill. 

I had never really been to downtown Henderson and my better half lives nearby so this was a new experience for me and then to stumble upon this place...I'm digging it. 

Yes it's a pretty small smoky casino, and has a cafe that doesn't look like much. I was cautious to try anything from this place because of such cheap prices but figured it had to be decent if it was pretty busy on a Tuesday night.

I was craving a big chunk of meat so I got crazy and ordered the $7.99 prime rib. I was surprised how tender it was, I was preparing myself for the worst! It came with mash taters, green beans and salad. A little overkill on the gravy but overall it wasn't a bad meal. My other half munched on a grilled tuna sammich and thought it pretty decent for the price. Caution: the potato salad is a loaded with mayo so you can hear your arteries clogging.

In the end, so glad I discovered this joint. I can take out of town guests here instead of Terribles. At least the service is better here!
So you want a dive? I got you a dive. 

Welcome to the Rainbow Club & Casino, home of stale smoke and cheap eats. 

If you're on a budget than this is the place to go. Almost every machine in the joint has a $.01 option - poker and slots. Make $5 last an hour. 

More importantly the food at Images (their restaurant) is outstanding. Might I recommend the Chicken Fingers and/or Golden Fried Shrimp? Not your thing, then go with the Fettuccine Alfredo or the Chili Omelet. Honestly, I've eaten at this joint probably 100 times and I've never had a bad meal. Two people can get out of there with beverages and a tip for $20 or less. Not sure what they do to make them so good, but the Chicken Fingers are the best I've ever had. Also, take advantage of the cool sights from around the world while sitting in the only smoke-free environment in the place. They have large flat screen TV's showing 10-20 second clips from different parts of the world (not just in the restaurant, but in the casino too). So in case you crap-out gambling you can grab a seat at a vacant machine and scope out where you want to take your next vacation (when you win your money back). 

Just make sure to save a few bucks for some dry cleaning if you're heading to the Rainbow Club from out of town. The smoke stank on your clothes is as strong as Aunt Betsy's perfume.
You know I have been avoiding you Rainbow Club.. Just because it is so smokey inside your casino!  (thus I subtracted a star)
But the great deals on eats.. well.. who can complain about smoke when it is economical to get great food there?
My roommate and I have discovered Steak or Prime rib on a budget.
I normally don't get their baked potatos because they are usually hard or old tasting.  blech!  so I will order salad and french fries. 
Their dressings are all freshly made which is an added bonus. 
I don't know if they are still a part of the peppermill chain.. but the food .. is great .. especially when you are on a budget!
Primerib comparable to upscale steakhouse...
It has been awhile since anyone wrote about this place so I thought I'd chime in.  We used to frequent this place but have not been here in awhile.  We stopped for a late nite breakfast since we were in the mood for an omelette. 

I usually go for the veggie omellete, heavy on the spinach and veggies, hold the sour cream and light on the cheese.  My favorite.  I tried that same order last night, and while what I got was pretty good, it was, well ahhhh, not an omellete.  

Aren't omellete's supposed to be folded?

First off instead of light cheese there was none.  The spinach used to be stuffed to the hilt.  What I found were a few flecks.  Some little cut up peppers kept the spinach company though so things were looking up.  There was also a smattering of tomato to round out the chorus.  All in all it was mostly egg, and veggies thrown in seemingly as an afterthought.  The cook must have been sleepy or something as the omellete looked like it had taken a ride in the blender on the way to the plate.

Maybe he thought I ordered the veggie smoothie.

Still it was tasty and worth the price.  Maybe this was just a one time foul up.  I hope the next visit they are back in the veggie omellete making form that we came to know and look forward to!

Oh yeah Rainbow, fix your moving picture displays.  Three out of four  that we were next to were not moving.  Maybe they ate one to many omelletes.
The Restaurant at the Rainbow Club offers some awesome value.  Flipping through the lunch menu, nothing seemed to be over $7.00.  Soups, salad sandwiches, everything was nice and affordable.

I'm normally not in this part of town, but a training seminar had me out at a training room inside the Wells Fargo on Water street.  Being lazy and not wanting to drive, I walked across to the Rainbow Club.  I got the cajun chicken sandwich with a side of potato salad for roughly $7.00.  And it's a good sized lunch too!  The cajun chicken had an awesome seasoning, with a good spiced flavor.  It also wasn't overseasoned to the point of tasting salty.

The next day I came back here for lunch, this time for a cajun chicken salad; I liked the chicken that much.  What's interesting is that the menu says the chicken is cooked fresh and hot, then added to the salad.  They weren't joking; the top of the salad was sprinkled with cheese, and all the cheese under the chicken had melted.  Chicken was as tasty as the previous visit, and the salad was large enough that I didn't finish it!  It came with tomato, cucumber, cheese and your choice of dressing.

If I'm ever in this part of town, I know that Rainbow Club can deliver a quality lunch ar a good value!
This is a little dive casino but the cafe has great food and cheap prices.  We used to drive here from the northwest part of the valley just for the biscuits and gravy.  I don't normally like b&g but the ones from Rainbow are absolutely delectable.  For under $2, before 11am you can order a casino special that includes eggs, hash browns, meat, and b&g or toast.  Now that's an awesome deal!  
My family has been coming here 11 years and we've had nothing but great experiences.  The only food item I have tried that I would not recommend are the pancakes.  They kinda suck.  
All in all, it's a great place that is definitely worth checking out.
Just went in to the Rainbow club after not being there in a bit.
Who knew they just recarpeted?
It also seems like the overwhelming smoke has been alleviated. 
I will defnitely be dining here more often since the price is excellent, and now the smoke is not as overpowering as it used to be. 
The only downside? They don't keep the restaurant open 24 hours anymore .. BUMMER! 
This used to be the place to go for your middle of the night cravings! 
I only gave 4 stars instead of five for TWO reasons.
a. They don't stay open 24 hours anymore...
b. Our server was totally forgetful. 
The table beside us was sat 20 minutes AFTER us and received their food first.
This is an unusual happening so .. I am only taking away 1 star.
Judge for yourself
This is a restaurant review. Recently redone and classic Las Vegas with neon, cool booths etc. Food was exceptional and prices are from the 1970's. Most entrees are around $8 and desserts were $3. Great service from nice people. Hot turkey sand was awesome as was the chicken salad. Only downside was to walk through the (still) quite smokey casino to get to the restaurant. Once inside, there is no smoke though. A real treat and a place to take out of town visitors to get a feel of old LV!
Smokey and old but for under $2.00 you get a good breakfast and in my opinion the food quality is what you would find at Denny's or Ihop
Hands down, best diner food. Cheap good food, the waiter and waitresses are always extremely friendly. Forget Denny's or ihop, this places beats them every time!
The locals hang out! Great lunch specials for $5 and excellent service!
Hands down, the BEST hangover food in Henderson! The menu prices are cheap, the portions generous...and very few tourists to make my head hurt even more! I highly recommend the fried chicken with French toast....
My husband and I just ate at the restaurant at the Rainbow Club. I hope this place stays open forever. It's a part of history. We felt like we had traveled back in time. The place is like nothing I've ever seen before. It is very, very old--and so cool. It's super flashy (in an old-timers way), it's unique, full of character, and originality.

We didn't know what kind of food to expect when we saw the extremely cheap prices on the menu. Most items were in the 5-6 dollar range for dinner! It was exceptional food. I had the Cajun chicken pasta and my husband had wonderful tasting fried chicken. Both meals were way above average food. Huge helpings, sides, and very flavorful and fresh--salad and soup came with the meals. The staff were also friendly. We will be back! You should go if you're looking for great food at a cheap price, and a unique experience.
This review is for the restaurant!

You can some of the best biscuits and gravy around!!!  There is almost always a wait for breakfast and you will soon find out why. 

Some of the breakfast specials are the biscuits and gravy special for, wait for it, $1.89!!!  That's not a typo!  This deal also includes your choice of meat and an order of eggs. 

I usually get that but splurged on the NY steak eggs for $6.95. Amazing deal and great quality.
Man, am I glad Vegas doesn't look like this anymore. The casino is dark, smoky, and harshly decorated. The restaurant is so cramped you could eat off the table next to you comfortably. So why four stars? BREAKFAST. Holy crapoly, this place has the cheapest and most delicious breakfast. $6 for an omelet, toast, and hashbrowns? $5 for a skillet? $3 for an egg and a bowl of oatmeal? For. Sure. 

It always takes forever to be seated because the restaurant is so tiny and there are tons of families waiting to eat, but it is worth the wait, with good service to boot. I actually feel bad for all the families trying to wait since there is nowhere kid-friendly to wait except for two tiny benches. Regardless, it is a nice spot for breakfast in downtown Henderson.
Cute little "dive" in a small smokey casino. 
We ordered chicken cordon bleu, chicken soup, potato skins, hot turkey sandwich, and a chocolate milk shake. 
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive.  
Potato skins $4.75, chicken cordon bleu $7.25, hot turkey sandwich $5.85, and the milk shake $2.65. 
I just wished it wasn't so smokey in that little casino.
Ah, the Rainbow...with its low ceilings, far out decor and stale smoke smell (quite the combination), it is a great greasy spoon that requires a generous amount of febreze.

10:15 PM, returning from a drive out to St. George, Utah-- tired and hungry. Had to stop by the Rainbow as my trip to Henderson is never complete without one.

Cafe was set to close at 11PM, big surprise (new business hours!?).

I ordered the chicken quesadilla that came with guacamole,sour cream and salsa $5 (and some change) along with never ending coffee. Not only was the 'dilla super flavorful but the java was particularly tasty (IMO end of the day coffee tends to taste burnt, in most joints).

Portions are big and prices so low, make it so you want to over tip your server--they are so nice, they deserve it.
Amazing food at great prices.  It's become a favorite in such a short time because it is so close to my apt.  Just a greasy spoon with endless amounts of coffee if you need it.  My waffle was a little late the last time we went so my meal was comped.  I didn't even complain but the manager must have seen the ticket time and the fact the other people in my party already had their food.  It was an delicious waffle.  The tuna melt is to die for and the make your own burger is a mouthful of goodness.  What I love about this place is that it is very busy but yet everyone that works there is always on it.  It's not the whole, "well, that's not my table so why should I bother."  Collectively its everyone's table.
I used to love this place. now, not so much. they ARE very busy and the staff seems irritated to serve you. PLUS i could NOT even get a scoop of tuna cause it was not 11am yet. It was 10:45 and they said no. I suggest you sit at the counter to get a smile and ur food fast.
Go for the food not for the exceptional service! Sometimes the food is so good and inexpensive that you can put up with almost anything, this is one of those times. Steak & eggs with biscuits an gravy for $6 a side of 4 biscuits and gravy for $1.75 They have a breakfast skillet for $5.75 that I wouldn't recommend unless onions happen to be your favorite thing in the universe but, if you don't like what you order they will get you something new and not even hesitate. My new favorite place on water street.
This place is old, stale, and just a little bit scary. All casinos are dark inside but this one seems to take the cake. Years and years of smoke permeate the carpet and there is no escape. The restaurant leaves much to be desired and I have to elaborate on this. The first time I came into the restaurant was insisted by some relatives of ours. I was a little skeptical to see a full salmon fillet for only $7 but against my better judgement, I tried it. When it came out it reeked. It was in no way fresh and I could tell it was going bad. I took one bite and spit it back out, the taste was horrendous. The salad that they brought out to me was wilting. The sprite was good! But that was it. My husband ordered the ribs, and for a few days after eating there he was very sick. 

Our relatives LOVE this place for the price. I just cant see how it's worth it. The second time they invited us out, I found something on the menu that was actually very good. The cajun chicken pasta is incredible. 

My father always joked about how if you lower your standards, you will be happier. That may be true for this joint.
How did I ever forget about this place ?

No you are not going to get gourmet food.

What you will get is good, basic food and plenty of it.

Prime rib for me, it actually didn't look that great, but the first bite confirmed it was good, no strike that is was fantastic, one of the best slices of prime rib I have eaten, melt in your mouth good.

Pot roast for the wife, she was very happy with it, i'm not a fan of pot roast, so it's not fair for me to judge.

All in all, great meal, silly cheap prices (I would have been happy paying double for the meal) service was good, place is clean, certainly one to visit again.
Don't judge a book by its cover or a casino by it's outer wall. Because tucked away inside the Rainbow Club in the back of a dark, slightly smokey smelling casino is a restaurant with a seriously good and very reasonably priced menu. 

$6 Denver Omelets! And they are freakin huge!

The decor is changing as the restaurant is remodeling. The rest of the casino while kind of smelly has a great bar with lots of big screens and good bartenders, and they have a nice mix of various slots to chose from. On the down side the restrooms are...in need of a remodel to put it nicely. But Peppermill knows how to make great food, and if you are in Downtown Henderson you would doing yourself a big disservice to skip this place especially if you're hungry. Parking can kinda suck,  but the short walk is worth it, and the wait even on a Sunday morning for breakfast is not that long. 

The Ortega Chile Omelet is another favorite I have to recommend. And the service...the wait staff knows their stuff. Some of the older wait staff can come across with an attitude at first, but if you treat them with respect you get the same and a smile at the end. The younger wait staff has ALWAYS provided service with a smile without fail. As I sit here writing this I'm already looking forward to this weekend and going out for breakfast with family and friends again at the Rainbow Club. 

4 Strong Stars, leaning towards 5..it's close. Rainbow is Peppermill owned and Peppermill treats people right or at least me and my family love the place. 

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #28)
0 stars if I could. The atmosphere is terrible I feel like I am going to get lung cancer the second I walk in. The main problem I had was at the mess up on my order and then they charge me extra for messing up on my order I will never come back and I would strongly suggest avoid this place at all cost.
The Rainbow is very dive-casino.  But it has wonderfully endearing quality about it.  They have great breakfast specials served anytime and the casino is clean.  It does have a smokey atmosphere- but if you go late at night, it has aired out. 
They have daily beer specials that fit any budget.  
Check it out while you are in downtown Henderson.
The corned beef and cabbage is OEDIBLE. Not the best. The corned beef is very dry, the cabbage is squishy ( I like it though) and the potatoes are very bland and tasteless. Avoid.

"Drafted on 3/17/2012, for a St. Patrick's Day meal"
My buddy and I rolled in a 10 pm last night after watch World War Z.  Nothing sets me in the mood for a steak like a zombie film.

For $9.75 we got a 14 oz steak, green beans, heap of fries, and a salad at the images caf in Rainbow Club.  Very tasty and cannot beat the price.

We just made it, but this is a great place to get a decent meal at a great price.

Had I paid $30 for the steak, it would have been disappointing, but you get a great value at the $10 price point.

The restaurant also has an old Vegas feel to me and the wait staff was very nice and helpful.
Open 24 hours. The cafe is called Images & located in the back. Old school feel & look to it all. 2nd hand smoke galore.

My fiance and I went there because I was craving liver and she found out that they are one of the few places which still serve it. I was not disappointed. Bonus!: the french dip she ordered was A-mazing.

Their service was fantastic as well. Our waitress, Christina, took pride in her work and paid close attention to detail. We even noticed her send a few dishes back to the cooks because they weren't to her standard.

We can't wait to go back to experience this hidden jewel again.  I'm thinking: late night slice of pie and coffee at their counter. How about that?!?
This place gets high praise for several reasons, the menu has hardly changed in all the years I've been eating here (this also includes the price), The food is consistently good (big portions and always the same), and the place has sentimental value from my childhood and high school years. The only downside is the service. From time to time you get a diner zombie serving you, she's backed up and in the weeds and totally neglects your table, but that comes with the territory. Overall service is pretty good.
One of my top 3 favorite casino's off the strip.  You'll find loose slots here (especially at the bar) and most of the staff are quite friendly.  The place overall has that "old school" vibe with a loyal "senior" fan base.  For the price, "Image's" prime rib can't be beat (if you like it rare, I suggest going early as they sometimes run out).  If they had table games, I'd rate it 5 stars.
I went there because of all the high ratings it got.  And this place is a prime example where the rating is really deceptive.  I tried what most people suggested...the prime rib.  Well...it was the weirdest (not bad, but weird) cut I ever tasted.  It LOOKED like prime rib...but it tasted exactly like corned beef.  Like, I think the beef was actually put in water at some point.  The peas and carrots must have been left soaking from the morning...HORRIBLE.   The stars, ironically, are coming for the service which many have knocked.  I guess I got one of the better waitresses that day, but at least she salvaged my experience.  Also, I saw some other people ordering plates like chicken fingers which looked ok.  The prices are pretty good, and I would actually give this place a second chance because I think if I go with a simpler dish, I might leave happier.  

I love dives, and as far as prime rib, Longhorn remains my fave, but for now, Rainbow gets 2 stars from me.
Stopped in for some of the biscuits and gravy I have been reading about at their Cafe. Have to admit, the value is amazing for them! The food was good and the service wasn't too shabby either. 

The cafe's decor was surprisingly updated and interesting. The photo slideshows showing on screens throughout the restaurant livened up a casino cafe.
I love this place! Awesome customer service and the food is amazing for a very reasonable cost. It's very busy with local clientele so it's a cozy diner.
We came here on a Tuesday morning and order 2 casino specials for $5

- The restaurant in Rainbow is called Images 
- Breakfast specials served from 6-11am. As long as you are on the waiting list before 11, you can still order from the special menu! 
- 15min wait around smokers can be a bit irritating, but can't blame them. 
- Casino special is the same as El Dorado's Cafe and Grand Cafe's midnight special, 2 eggs, choice of 2 sausage or bacon, hash brown, and choice of biscuit with gravy or buttered toast. 
- Hash browns are very crispy here! 
- Service is very quick! We got our food in about 5-10min. Great job Lacie. 
- If you want to order another Casino special for yourself, it's 2.89! Haha..
- Prices are actually more expensive here than El Dorado, gotta love the 4 deuces there. At Images, it's 4.25!
Great breakfast!
A diamond in the rough! I was shocked when I walked into what I was expecting to be a dingy old smokey casino. Boy was I wrong! Nice Casino atmosphere. Very comfortable restaurant with unbelievable prices. Great tasting food. The best value in Henderson!
You can't go wrong with the prices. Good food.
Went on a Saturday night, there was a wait for the dining room so my friends & I sat at the counter, no wait, friendly server, but not at first. Eventually she opened up to us, I think her name was Tannisha? Not sure, something like that. She was friendly & helped my friend that's super picky find something. My other friend & I got the $8.75 prime rib special, came with a veg, potato, salad and prob 12oz (not sure of exact) prime rib cut. It was prepared to our liking, juicy, delicious, great flavor and they offer creamy horseradish too. The three of is ate for $28, can't beat that, my friends aren't local but I am & I'll def be back considering I can walk there!
Cheapest breakest for the best price in town ! Took my folks ,they got the 1.98 breakfast special with 2 eggs,2 bacon, hashbrowns and killer biscuits and gravy which was on point.I got the breakfast skillet which was the size of the plate, which came with biscuits and gravy too for 5 bucks,staff was great and all was there for the coffee refills,btw the coffee was a buck.over all great find and has a sense of old school Vegas cafe.
Ok I will admit this may be a slightly biased review.  I used to work here years ago, and this is the place I met my wife.  So I sort of have a personal connection here which I will always hold onto; however after eating at the resturant here for years, I am finally doing a review.  We decided to go here on Saturday night because we wanted inexpensive but good food.  That is exactly what you get here.  For about 6-7 dollars I got a double bacon cheesburger with fries and ranch.  The cheeseburger was perfect, seriously.  It was huge, cooked exactly as I wanted it.  The fries are really thick and delicious, and the ranch was AMAZING!!!!  They have really good specials like prime rib on certain nights.  Service was pretty good, we never had to wait for any drinks or anything.  They also re-designed everything in the casino and the resturant so it looks much nicer than it did several years ago.  It's definetly a hometown favorite sort of place.  Even when I worked there, the place was constantly filled with 'regulars', where you know there name and what they want before they even sit down.  If I had to complain about anything it would be the same as it always has been, the place is smoky from the casino and you leave with a distinct smoke smell on your clothing.  The roof is low, not like the new large Vegas casinos.  This is old style, so that's the major reason why it's smoky.  Other than that the food is great, I love the nachos, the green chile burrito, the burgers, steaks, everything...and it's all pretty cheap.
This is my new favorite breakfast spot! The restaurant has been renamed Images. It's a great place with yummy food, good service and even better prices. I've only had breakfast and lunch here, but they are open 24 hours!

As far as the food goes it's diner food at it's best! They have several breakfast specials, but some only run 7am-11am. On our first visit for breakfast I ordered the Veggie Omelet with hash browns and their famous biscuits and gravy! The omelet was huge, filled with cheese and veggies and cooked perfectly. My husband ordered the pork chops with over easy eggs, hash browns and the biscuits and gravy. He said the pork chop was a little over cooked, but very flavorful. He loooved the biscuits and gravy! The gravy has the perfect amount of spice. This morning we went in again for breakfast and I knew exactly what I wanted something I have on very rare occasions chicken fried steak with hash browns, over easy eggs and biscuits and gravy. OMG sooo yummy!! It was a huge meal. I had to take most of it home. The chicken fried steak was crisp, but tender in the center. My husband again ordered the pork chops and said they were cooked perfectly today!

I've been to lunch here with my mom as well. It was just as tasty as breakfast. I ordered their Turkey melt and fries. The turkey was stacked high and the bread was still toasty. My mom decided on their French dip sandwich with potato salad. The sandwich was filled with meat and the broth for dipping was perfect. My mom did say and I agree that the potato salad was way runny with mayo. Next time fries.

I really enjoy this small casino diner. You may have to wait for a table, but it's totally worth it. The servers are very friendly! If you get a chance to sit in Renae's section do. She is excellent at her job! We will be back for sure and definitely going to come for dinner.
Very bad service at the Restaurant seem like they call friends vs people who have signed in will never come back and give my money to this place, you know you have bad service and waiting over 1 1/2hrs, when the Bartender keeps asking "you still haven't been called" not cool bad service
For the price, no one can beat it!   The menu offers variety, a daily special, and great prices. Service has always been quick and friendly.  Food is great...where else can two people eat for $15 or less...?
Been coming here for YEARS! The biscuits and gravy and all their soups are delicious. Another favorite is the prime rib special! Everyone loves the "bow". Tony, the day manager is a great guy as well.
Not bad at all!!!!

The restaurant inside is called The Peppermill and the prime rib special for $8.99....... So good!!!!!

The casino itself is old school, looks like something from the late 60's. It's seriously from a time capsule. The service was awesome. Carol and Sandra rule. A hidden gem outside of Vegas.
I wish I could give zero stars for the poor service. They made us wait an hour for a table and said the table will be ready in 10 minutes at least 2 times. When talking to manager they said if you can't wait you shouldn't be here. Not a good practice for business and I will make sure not to let anyone ever eat at this establishment.
Rainbow Room.  Let this yelp review serve as my official breakup notice with you as being a loyal patron. I even would rave about you to others and encourage my friends to try you out despite the fact you have to hold your breath when you enter as there is no air circulation in your establishment.  Those days are now gone and you can thank your restaurant manager Jerry for that.  I am appalled by his lack of customer service and the fact that he said "if you can't wait well then you shouldn't be here" after we had already waited over an hour for a table (when we were initially told the wait time would be 25 minutes). Not an apology or a concern to see why we were told ten minutes prior our table was getting cleared off and would be ready in just a moment. He could care less and I guess he thinks we are just six customers that he lost for the night but we are six who will never come back and each can also tell at least six other people who will tell more people and so on. So I think maybe Jerry had this wrong and be is the one who shouldn't be here.
I was craving a yummy breakfast close to Henderson but away from the chain restaurants like IHOP and Denny's or any buffet. I was looking for something local and good and I remember I had bookmarked Rainbow Club & Casino after reading that there was a dinner inside that served really decent food.

Located on Water Street in downtown Henderson it was close to home and easy to find. The casino was small, very local and quaint. The dinner is located towards the back but there is not much walking to do as the place is not very large. The restaurant is called Images. The staff is very friendly. We were seated right away, it was around 8am and the place was packed. By the time we left there was people waiting in line waiting to get in, I don't blame them...it's worth the wait!

I couldn't believe my eyes when I looked at the menu. Breakfast Casino   specials starting at $1.89!!! There are $5 lunch special with soup or salad and half sandwiches. Dinners specials every day for less than $8  like juicy Prime Rib on Tuesdays and Saturdays and Steak and Shrimp on Wednesdays. This occasion I was craving the NY Steak and Eggs for only $6.25!!! It was delicious, it came with hash browns and my choice of toast or biscuits.

The food was amazing, the prices you couldn't beat, the staff was super quick and friendly and the restaurant was clean and amazingly I didn't get a headache from excessive cigarette smoke. I will definitely be coming back to try out their other specials :)
We went to try the Prime Rib as it was inexpensive. I thought it was ok. My husband wouldnt eat his and he loves Meat. He got sick later in night as well. The place is a total dive locals spot. It is not really for me.. Not trendy, hipster or cool in any way. Primarily lots of old people playing old casino games and hitting up the restrauant after.
If you've been in Vegas more than 5 years, and DON'T know about The Rainbow in old school Henderson and their awesome cheap food and drinks- well we just can't be friends. Or you can go now, get full and drunk for $20 or less, and then write me and thank me. 
My first trip here was WAAAAYYY back in my teenage years when I worked at In-N-Out Burger. We would get off work at 2am, and go enjoy a $1 breakfast. Meat, hashbrowns, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy. Since then the price has raised a bit, but not much. I can still get the same deal for about $3 and I think $4 on the weekends. 
Also, their lunch and dinner is beyond decent for the price. Basic diner/caf style grub, good quality and super cheap prices. 
The same staff has worked there for years. A double bloody mary cost $6. It is just a delicious, low cost, locals spot. I feel comfortable showing up in my sweats, or a cocktail dress.
If you go on a weekend morning, be prepared to wait, but the breakfast bar is almost always available for small parties. The casino is a bit smoky, but not as bad as some small Vegas casinos. The actual diner is called Images, and that is for sure a change made within the last year. 
I am glad there is still a place where I can feed my family at a sit down restaurant for $40. That is very rare these days, so I will enjoy it while I can!
I do not live anyway close to Rainbow's casino. But I drive by it at least once a week cuz I'm always heading to the lakes to
Dive. And this one awesome place to eat after a dive! Food is cheap and freaking good.
Been eating here for years. Service and prices cannot be beat. I will continue eating here every chance I get until I leave Vegas.
Went here for Sunday breakfast. Left there STUFFED, and still had money in my pocket. Food is really good and only costs a couple of bucks. Had a denver omelette and biscuits & gravy. NO complaints. There was like 10 of us and we all got our food served at the same time. Breakfast ends at 11AM and you can expect a 1/2 hour or more wait. I love the sign on the door about loaded weapons not being allowed inside.
Friends of mine have been talking about this place and their low prices so I had to check it out. They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner menus that are available all day. They have egg specials that are under $2 during the week and just over $2 on the weekend. It's located right next to the Eldorado on water st and parking can be tight but there are lots up and down the block. Expect a wait on the weekend. Ours wait time was 30 mins on a Saturday before Easter, not bad at all.
I had the ham and cheese omelet with hash browns( or you can get fries) and biscuits and gravy( or toast) all for under $7. Decent breakfast for sure and the biscuits and gravy were incredible. I will come back just for them and to try the rest of the menu. Check this place out if your in the neighborhood.
We tried this for the first time for the Tuesday prime rib special.  Salad was simple with fresh ranch dressing. Then came a standard baked potato and corn with the prime rib. The outside was seasoned perfectly.  Both my husband and I enjoyed it, especially at the $8.50 price. My son had an omelet, which came with hash browns, and biscuit and gravy. It was also delicious. Will definitely come again. You do have to walk through the smoky smelling casino but the restaurant was smoke free.
This place is such a hidden gem of Henderson. 

If you're not a local, you probably don't even know this exists. But it does and I'm glad! I've been coming here since I was younger, and nothing beats the prices! The quality actually isn't too bad. Their food is delish and cheap. What more could someone ask?

I love their strawberry waffle!! It's drenched in whipped cream and strawberries though, and if you're not a LOVER of whipped cream I wouldn't dare try it. But it is super yummy! I also think they have one of the best french toasts in town! They give you a slab of butter and thick syrup that just makes the french toast so fluffy and perfect texture! A must try.

I've had their club sandwich which is HUGE and tasty!

Their casino special can't be beat.
6:00am-11:00am so you must be early!
But it's $1.89. Tell me, where else can that be beat??!
It comes with hash browns, bacon or sausage, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy.
Whaaaat a DEAL!!!!!!

Customer service is friendly and always accommodating.
It's a small diner so it can get pretty busy.
But worth the trip! If you're in Henderson, MUST TRY!
STOP EVERYTHING! There's a baller in the house.  This place roles out the red carpet for you if you spend $40 bucks, its the best.  Me and a couple of guys came here and spend maybe $60 between us all.  They gave us drinks the whole time and even opend up a table for us.  They have 10 cent roulette and $2 black jack.  Take $100 bucks there and go ape shit! It will be money well spent.
I have been coming to this casino for its breakfast food since 2004. HANDS DOWN this is the best bang for your breakfast buck. No joke you could feed an army on even the tightest budget. The service has gone down hill since the asian or hispanic girl (sorry Im an ass I cant tell what she is) replaced the regular waitress whos been theyre for like 5+ years BUT if your willing to put up with bad service you wont be disapointed cause this is where quality meets value and thats a rare marriage! Ohh also BONUS if you go early on sundays youll get to here the chatter of the older gentlemean talking about politics, the war, how things are today... its really entertaining. I love em!! And they are all totally chill with toddlers.. We got a 1.5 y/o and shes pretty well behaved, the older crowd really dig her. On a gay note, no one cares. lol
Always a good time at the Klondike! 10 cent roulette cannot be any better. Can easily play with $20-40 while getting free drinks. We go with friends and bring out of town guests. They usually only have 1 table open, sometimes two. I don't know their exact hours but good times to go are Sun-Thur 3-8pm. Sometimes I'll call ahead to see if there are any colors available. Nice and fun staff there too!
Just a little update-  The Klondike no longer offers any table games. So no more 10 cent roulette and no more $2 blackjack. This was a huge surprise because the 10 cent roulette was the huge draw of this joint. Without the table games, all you're left with is an extremely run down casino that has such a thick layer of cigarette smoke wafting around that it's like you're walking through a Vegas gambler's fog. I think the only thing that's left are the slot machines... I wouldn't be surprised if they tear this place down and start over from scratch. Might be the best thing. (by the way, I was going to rate this place 4 stars if they still offered the table games, but with those gone, there's nothing left to draw you in)
5 stars strictly for the $5 craps all night long.  I've never lost money on a craps table at binions.  in fact, i've made pretty good money.  IN FACT, i think of the craps tables at binion's as my second job.  i don't go in asking myself if i am going to win or lose money, i ask myself, "how much money are you going to win tonight, laura?"  because that is the attitude of someone who WINS at craps.  and in life.  except for that second part, everything i said above is true.  sorry, True.

my advice: get your spot at a table and hold on to it for dear life even if some drunken frat boys are yelling things like, "hey red!  you better move your ass or i'll move it for you!"  don't deal with these schmos...you're not here to flirt, you're here to win so block them out and get into the craps ZONE.  either that or have one of the dealers call security.  seems like everytime i'm here, there is either a lewd comment made in my general direction or a body part is groped by one of these charmers.  don't worry, the dealers are more than happy to kick their drunk asses out so don't hesitate to yell, "hey, Ernie!  can you get these yahoos outta here...i'm here to gamble, not to babysit!  i know you know!"  once the fray boys are gone...it's time to play CRAPS!

more advice: don't go to the craps table (even the $5 all night crap table) with less than $100.  this is a game you have to go into big (um $100 is big to me i work in non profit so LAY OFF!!!) to win even bigger.  don't worry, it will all pay off.  half of this is a mental game...you are an athlete (albeit a drunk, fat one), picture the win.  make it real.  always bet at least $6 on the 6 & 8 and don't forget to back up your bet on the pass line with at least $5 ($6 if the mark is a 5 or 9!)  Listen...craps is the most fun and best odds of any vegas game (i think tied with black jack which requires some skill so fuck that!) and it's not that hard...it just can look intimidating.  grab your spot at the table, trade a couple of quips with the awesome dealers, ALWAYS tip (you watch their backs, they'll watch yours, capiche?) and don't go heavy on the free drinks.  remember, you're here to win.  not to have a good time.  oh...and if a table is cold, just leave.  walk away.  the number one mistake of a new gambler is not leaving a cold table.  ooh ooh...when you get to a table, ask the dealers, "is this table hot, boys?"  THEY LOVE THAT!  um, this helps if you are a young woman and flashing a bit of clevage.  actually, maybe it's the clevage they like. i would not recommend doing this if you are a dude.  this is vegas, they will not hesitate to take you out back and kill you.  actually, i don't know if that's true but i like to think that it is.   

i have made over $1,000 playing craps at binions. i don't want to be the only one.  i am sharing this information with you so that you may go forward and win.  and to you i say: big money, no whammy!  mama needs a new pair of shoes!  winner winner (faux) chicken dinner!

p.s. feel free to email me for an extended list of ways to win big at craps.  i have many tips.  most of them legal.
Although this casino is downtown, it is still one of my fav's.  I absolutely LOVE the crap's and poker here.  And you can still get great food values and comp's.  Make your way downtown and play here!
I don't usually order prime rib - mostly porterhouse - but after seeing the size and quality of the prime rib at this place - OH MY GOD.  It was some of the best looking, tasting steak I've had.  Easily two inches thick with the bone attached.  If you need your meat fix, this is the place.  

Rest of the food is the standard steakhouse fare - iceberg wedges, tomatoes and onions, etc. but it is all good.

You'll have to make your way to the old downtown but, hey, it's always good to get off the strip - for any reason.
I loved Binion's until they got bought out by Harrah's Entertainment in 2004.  It was the classic downtown casino for me.  

It was a great place to learn how to play craps, especially when they had $0.50 craps - with the ugly brown chips and crusty old local dudes that were always so grumpy and serious, as they were pissing away their social security checks down here.   Ahh, the old days...

Much of the old charm of Binion's has been replaced by the "corporate" culture of Harrah's.  If I had to spend time downtown, I'd either play at Golden Nugget (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/BIBWGO_r_1znnlmLbp4Nxg ), which feels more like the upscale action on the Strip, or Main Street Station (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/if59L5DHM4pPMrCx9HuD8A ), which I believe has the BEST ambiance because of old cowboy western theme.  Unfortunately, Binion's has lost it's charm and appeal in it's later days.   

Pros:
+ convenient parking
+ free parking validation by the cage
+ low ceilings

Cons:
- can be extremely smokey

#214
Definitely a great casino.  Many of the places on Fremont St. are a bit musty, but there's tons of hardwood and fresh air at Binion's.  This place was one of my favorites.

I may be a bit biased since this place is where the Big Game use to be played and is the birth place of the World Series of Poker.  If you're into poker go back and check out the Poker Hall of Fame and the wall with the pictures of all the WSOP winners.  And take note, that douche Jaimie Gold doesn't have his picture up, because he's a disgrace to the game of Poker.  

They've got a real nice poker room, the low limit No Limit Hold'Em game is a min/max buy-in of $100 with $1/$2 blinds.  A bit high for me, so I was a little intimidated playing with $100 on the line....
  Until I caught QUAD QUEENS on only my second hand!!!!! (That's four of a kind, and *very* rare for you slot players keeping score at home.)   I played the hand like a retard because I was playing scared, but I got lucky to win my fifty bucks.  The rake is really low, even in the small stakes games, and they give prizes for high hands.  I got a little plastic lighter with a Binion's Horseshoe logo for my 4-o-Kind.  I figure you get t-shirts and jackets when you get straight flushes.  

The place had a really classy, yet welcoming feel to it.  It's not like the MGM Grand where you feel like if you've only got $100 in your pocket you're out of place.  The place reminded me of a bar I use to go to.  The decor was nice and stylish.  I'll have to see if any of my pictures turned out.  

Any ways, if you're the type that hangs out on the strip all the time, come by here.  Make sure to walk out at the top of the hour for the Freemont Street Experience light show.
I'm going to give it 5 stars just for being the only place we found all weekend with a $5 pai gow table so I could gamble with some friends that didn't really come to gamble.  Every other place (and we went through a ton of casinos) were $10 min on the weekend.
Sin city?  I beg to differ... not as long as Binion's Steakhouse is around.  Binion's came highly recommended to me by my parents... so on our last trip to Vegas, my husband, family and friends and I took the trek to the old part of L.V.  It's sort of a sketchy area.  Not a place I would like to stay for the whole weekend, but wow.  Located on the 24th floor, Binion's offers a beautiful view of Las Vegas, and the food is delicious!  I ordered the halibut, while my husband opted for the highly acclaimed 'chicken fried lobster.'  The halibut was probably the best I have ever had.  And, my husband LOVED the chicken fried lobster.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a fantastic meal with a great view of the city of lights.
I only play poker here and they have the best poker room in the downtown area.
I also love their poker tournaments. They have 6 a day.
I'm only writing for the hotel portion.
Horrible.  Awful.  Smelly.  Uncomfortable.
but.... for $58 on a weekend, i guess it had to do.
The bed was harder than if sleeping on the floor (which you didnt want to do by the way).  Oh and the bed had rubber sheets!   
The water in the shower barely came drizzling out.
The decor was circa 1963 and never upgraded.  
The oldest tv ever was in this room.  It was barely a color television.
No extra blankets or pillows.  Two super thin, used a million times towels were given.  
Oh, and only the best part.... they give you Jhirmack Shampoo! haha
If you're starved for some beginner's luck, if the Strip has sucked every last dime out of your linty pockets, then head downtown and throw some money at Binion's.

Sign up for their player's card and get $10 in free slot play.  Low table minimums, low ceilings, tons of slots, and a tasty looking food counter--this place is a classic.

Here's how kind Binion's was to us:  Wife hit $80 slot payout playing her free $10 credit.  Wife hit $60 roulette payout after playing for five minutes on a $2 table.  I hit $500 payout on a $0.25 video poker machine after playing for ten minutes on a $20 bill, this while wife hit $60 pot on Wheel O' Fortune slot.  Thank you, Binion's!  We love you, Binion's!
i agree with most of the reviewers....binions is a good place to play. especially when it's with other peoples money!!! hence the players card that offers $10 free credit when you sign up. since it was only ten bucks and i was giving up hope on all the other slots.......i headed to some cutesy little slots that had about seven different reels all spinning & a bonus game. these machines were penny slots and they were loud, colorful, and exciting..........just the way i like them. i think they were called hot hot penny......but anyway, i ended up playing with that ten bucks for about 2 hours!!!! not putting in a dime of my money! i ended up walking away with $120 and that was all from the $10 free play!!!! man i love casinos like this!!!! definitely a must for the slot lovers.
Binion's a place for lovers? 

Yup it's true. Binion's that hard scrabble gambling hall downtown, is maybe the most romantic spot in Vegas. At least for me. 

I asked my wife to marry me at the Bellagio Fountains, we got married at Caesars, but Binion's is the spot that does it for me. 

We were sitting at the Binion's Snack Bar. Which we love almost as much as we love the Coffee Shop downstairs.  Anyways, we were sitting there enjoying a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, when a very elderly lady asked me if she could sit down at the counter next to me. 

"Of course," I said, and moved my food over a little. Then she turned and helped her even more elderly husband to the chair.  Everyone knew the couple, they all asked how he was doing. He obviously was not doing too well. But he said something to the effect of, "I'd complain, but who would listen!"

The couple sat down and ordered two bowls of the snack bar's famous Hobo Stew. Here is a link to a pdf of the menu of the snackbar. 
http://www.binions.com/dining/snackbarmenu.pdf

They talked to the cooks about their kids, about the cooks' kids, about life in general.  After they were finished, the lady helped him to his scooter and one of the cooks called out, "See ya next week." The gentleman responded, "I'm not making any guarantees but I sure hope so." 

Well turns out this couple had been coming to binions, every week for over 40 years. Sitting at this same counter, ordering that same hobo stew.  As we watched them go away, my wife said, "Think that will be us someday?" 

I said, "if we are really really lucky honey, it will be."
The Binion's Casino is great. I played blackjack (and maybe some video poker) all night, and I loved it. The dealers are friendly and the cocktail waitresses are nice, it's just a great place.


The hotel, however, could be nicer. When we first checked in, I was very dismayed to hear that the pool was closed due to remodeling. I'm not a huge pool person. I don't care what the pool looks like, I don't want to swim very long, and I slather myself in sunscreen so I can avoid getting a tan. However, I was coming from a very long and cold winter in Chicago, and I wanted some freaking sun time. Denied.

I figured it was only one night though. I went up to the room and fell on the bed. I didn't notice until after a few minutes, but within a foot of my face, there were 2 tears and 5 cigarette burns on the bedspread. Gross! The next morning, the sun shone through a bunch of holes in the curtains. I added a picture above, if you're interested.

Oh, and there's no hairdryer in the bathroom. I thought they were standard now, but apparently not.
This is THE place to go if you're playing poker.  They run their tournaments flawlessly thanks to their amazing staff.  You'll find me there during their smaller buyin tournament series during the WSOP.
I stayed here May 17th and it was nice to have a room right in Downtown, where I spend most of my time in Vegas. The drive isn't that bad but I just want to get there asap, so when I do make it, at least the check-in shouldn't take so long! But it did! There was one gal on duty on a Saturday night and it seemed like it took forever! Finally up in the room I really dug that old furniture in there! I've seen bedroom sets like that at the Goodwill! hehe.. It was basic but nice to be in from the heat. The pool was closed for remodelling, damn, but the bed was comfy. The next morning the maid knocked on my door at 9am!! I was still asleep, thank you, but she poked her head in anyway! Geez check-out isn't until 12, give me a break! No way was I up at 9am. Yeah it's a funky place and the service is a bit off, the noise from Fremont St. can get loud, but I still like the funky rooms with turquoise bedspreds and I brought a dress that matched the hotel! A little red lipstick and everything was ok again. -1 star for waking me up and -1 star for keeping me waiting and not letting me know the pool was closed. I'd stay again for $69 though!
FYI im giving this place 5 stars not because its a Four Seasons type of place, it ges a fine rating based on value, location and quality service....i recently spent 4 days at Binions and it was great....clean rooms with coffee machine and plenty of room......make sure to watch at least one local newscast a day...the news is Crazy in Las Vegas with lotsa wacky personalities on the air.....our room had a makeup mirror/nook thingy...muy fancy...we had a view of the Fremont St Experience and it was a great view of the Strip at night....the Coffee Shop has great food at a great price with excellent service..we had an excellent gentleman named Andrew who was the consummate professional and really was an all around great server.. ...i would recommend the Prime Rib Special...actually my pik shows me right before digging into it!..notice the shock when i see how much food is in front of me.....its not a healthy meal at all but it is a guilty pleasure....Binions gaming is good with plenty of gaming from slots to table games...i recommend going to the bar that is open at night on Fremont St and purchase a drink in a souvenir glass....either the bubble pilsner glass or my personal favorite...the plastic football that they fill with beer....it is a great way to start the night off....the service all around this place was great...everyone was friendly and helpful.....this place is such a great value....i cant wait to go back.......UPDATE....

we just came home from a 4 day trip and once again, Binions doesnt let us down.....Check in was a breeze, prolly took 4 minutes even though it was a late check in....the room was roomy, clean and the a/c was great....last year the pool was not open but this year....it was!....a great pool on the top of the hotel with a great view....i stayed in so long i sunburned like a lobster.....the Coffee shop still has great specials and my fav is the Prime Rib!.....so good i had it twice.....the service was excellent and i was even lucky to have Andrew, the best server downtown if not all of vegas...class act!....the gaming was good to us and we spent alot of time enjoying the place.....for an inexpensive alternative to mega-pricey strip hotels, this is it...plus its downtown location makes it close to mardis gras everynight!....i loved seeing everyone with yardglasses, getting smashed and having fun...which is what lifes allabout!
Stayed for 3 nights in September, Price was great, Room was clean and big. Was on Fremont so was close to everything. Valet was great and fast. Was under some construction but that ok as lots of help from staff.

Front desk staff was very very helpful. The online reservation I made 2 months prior was made with a company that went bankrupt last month. The front desk staff was great and gave me a better price online and helped me get my CC card free of charge.
I appreciate nostalgia as much as the next gal, but ewwwwww. Stupid me, thought that we could just stroll up to the Golden Nugget at 1am on Friday. Stupid, stupid me. So, after being turned away at the front desk, we plodded outside, tried to make some phone calls and decided to stay at Binion's. I'll repeat: ewwwwww.

I'm definitely not a clean freak, but that bed had a comforter on that couldn't have been manufactured before 1987. And all I could think about were the twenty years of hair, bodily fluids, alcohol, and vermin that must have accumulated on this comforter. Double freaking ewwww.

Thumbs Up:
-Cheap and available, but so are a lot of things  it doesn't mean I want them.

Thumbs Down:
-Stains on the floor.
-Two lousy pillows on each bed.
-Years and years and years of things accumulated on the bedding.
-Gross. Really, just...ewwwwww.
I guess it's an OK vintage establishment on Fremont St. with lots of history behind it, but did the security guard really have to chase away the old wino who was nice enough to hail a cab for us at 3AM???  That wasn't very friendly of Binion's security squad.
...we stayed there Dec 29th and 30th...I will return! I love Fremont St so much better than the Strip nowadays, vintage Vegas and family friendly if you can look past the street pple....not hard to do. The coffee shop serves up some excellent grub for any meal at cheapo prices! Make sure you do not get a room on the Fremont St side if you are kept up by noise easily as the Fremont St Experience runs every hour on the hour till midnight and it is LOUD...but I was too exhasusted to let it really bother me...all staff was friendly and the rooms were clean and comfy...I'd go back when we can take advantage of the roof top pool area.
Binion's was always my favorite place to gamble when I'm downtown.

I was recently there, and got my picture taken with the million dollars.  It's free to get the photo.  You just have to wait 30 minutes to pick it up.

I also got several match coupons at the player's card desk.  Be warned if you get it, too:  the blackjack/crap tables won't let you play unless you go to the cashier, show your I.D. and get the REAL coupon.  THAT was a real drag.

But, other than that, you can find single deck blackjack, craps odds that are terrific, and great drink service at the slots and table games.
A return trip, based on the memory of the last time here, was a bit of a disappointment.  Food didn't seem as good and the service a little slower but the kicker was a, shall we say, less than clean water glass.   Made me wonder about the rest of the place and whether this is why the lights are kept low.
Classic place to go gambling and it plays host to a lot of the world poker tournaments.  This place has got a lot of history from the old days of Las Vegas.  Table games are cheap too so if your bank roll is low, then go here.  

As for the hotel, the rooms are not soundproofed so good luck trying to get some sleep (bring ear plugs).  You'd be right next to the Fremont Experience, with all the noise and sounds from the light show and from the concerts that go on during the night.  Plus, the rooms have not been refurbished like the ones at El Cortez or California Hotel so you end up feeling kinda dirty when you sleep there.  Did I mention the parking?  Yeah, the parking situation is pretty retarded, you gotta park across the street and then you can only get your ticket validated at the front desk every time you park. There's no parking pass even if you're a hotel guest for several days. So since usually there's a line of people trying to check in, check out, or whatever, you'd have to wait there a long time for validation.  Come on Binion's, what kinda business are you guys conducting here...seriously now.  Make it more efficient so you don't waste people's time losing money at your casino!

Overall I give the gambling experience 2 stars, but the hotel is what killed it for this place.  So come for some gambling, but definitely don't stay for the hotel.
the casino's pretty good.  low-roller friendly, some pretty good looking lady dealers there too.  you can get a free picture with a million bucks and they don't try to hard sell you anything when you go to pick it up.  classy!
Let's see, the couple I met here with my friend came from Hungary and they were all too willing to buy drinks for the two of us. Gin and tonic after gin and tonic, I didn't realize people visiting Vegas could be so kind. I think it was the atmosphere and as my friend said (he doubtfully could have recited his name he was that drunk) the best burger he's ever had. I love the open feel of the place and that it's in Old Vegas where all the interesting folks come to hang out. Definitely a must visit.
i wanna try a room someday. a classic, historic institution.  i enjoy the $3 minimum on their craps tables before the sun goes down. cool staff. cool slots.  old school good times. major hotties dealing black jack by the craps tables.
Binion's is one of the six or seven Fremont Street casinos, and like all the rest has pretty much the same decor and feel on the inside.  Their two draws are a huge Cadillac parked just inside with bull horns on the front (great for cheesy pictures), and if you're there between 11:00 and 5:00,  you can have your picture taken with one million dollars (underneath two inches of bulletproof glass, of course) in hundreds.  The photo is free, they'll print it for you and give it to you in a little folder.

My major gripe with this place is the late-night diner, which is run by the worst group of skinflints imaginable... so much so that I walked out after they refused to substitute anything for the pork they served in one of their breakfast specials.  And the Dunkin' Donuts is even worse... the dirtbag behind the counter charged me MORE for a small coffee than a medium coffee would have been in a combo, even though I got the combo.  His response to me asking why he overcharged me?  "You ordered a small coffee. I don't make the prices."  You know what else you don't make, jackass?  A tip, or any repeat business.  Avoid this crap and head up the street.  There's always something open if you look hard enough.
This place holds a special place in my heart. 

My uncle promised me when I was 10 that he would take me to Vegas when I turned 21. Clearly, I don't forget anything.

So I went my parents and uncle. After they hit the sack at 2 am I still wanted to hit the town. Luckily on Fremont this is a bit more safe than the strip so I walked over to Binion's from the Nugget and went to town alone on the crap's table. The dealer were pretty cool in helping me learn the game. I had a horrible luck but the guy next to me kept winning off my rolls so he kept me going with a few chips. 

All in all a pretty awesome experience. If you want an old Vegas experience check this place out!
If I could give this hotel a negative star rating, I would. Binion's is foul & disgusting. The carpets were filthy, the walls were filthy, even the air smelled filthy. We made reservations for two nights and only made it through one hellish night in our broom-closet-sized room. We lost the money we had already paid, but it was worth it to get out of this time warped white trash den.

Only stay at Binion's if you absolutely have to, for instance if someone held a gun to your head and forced you. Spend a little more money and stay in a decent place.

Also, if you do have the misfortune of staying at Binion's, don't expect a TV made after 1970 (or one that plays shows other than Lawrence Welk--I'm not kidding either). Don't expect a comfortable bed or a decent night's sleep with the AC unit practically rumbling off the wall.
This place is a must-see in downtown, but what a dump.  I have parked there many times when I go downtown for the evening and the parking lot alone is one of the filthiest places on earth.  

Inside, it isn't much better with dingy carpet, smoke-filled air, and some of the oldest looking "stuff" in Vegas.  However, I keep going back because there is something special about the place.  I even ran into my old college roommate there around 3am one morning.

Binion's is located right along the Fremont Street Experience, which is worth seeing.  If you want somewhere to gamble and have a drink while waiting for the show, this is a pretty good spot.

On Mother's Day 2007, I dropped a $20 bill in a $1 slot machine for my mother.  I told my girlfriend that if the machine hit during the first 10 spins ($2 per spin) I would mail the proceeds to my mother.  On the 8th spin, I hit a small jackpot in the amount of $600.  The machine started playing music and I called and awakened my mother in Atlanta to hear the sweet sound.  She was happy!  I mailed her a check, along with one of the coins that spilled out of the machine (yes, it is super old school here - no tickets).  She bought a piece of jewelry because I told her she had to spend it on something she normally wouldn't buy.  That was a fun night!  After I left, I went to another dump, The Plaza, and won on a different machine.  I kept that one.
Magnavox.  It's all about the 13" Magnavox TV's circa 1979.  It still works but sure is crappy.   We spent 15 bucks on a room and was upgraded to a suite (I mean we did spend some big bucks on the room).  The room was old, but clean and still functions like that Magnavox in the room.  The bathrooms were clean (we had 2 in our VIP suite) :)  However the couch belongs in a dumpster and not  a hotel.

Overall it met my expectations which were minimal for a $15 a night room.
I didn't stay at the hotel. However, if you are looking for blackjack that offers some good odds to the play then this is a good place to start. Five dollar, single deck blackjack with a five hundred dollar limit on the table treated me pretty fairly for half a day. Started with a great dealer and upped my pot by about 200 dollars in half an hour. House brought in a crabby dealer so I colored up and moved on. Jack and coke is 2.99 if you aren't gambling. Far cry from the 11 dollar drinks on the strip. Dealers are helpful to the uninitiated.
I really enjoy the Fremont Street experience. 
The downtown has a whole different feel from the strip. 
It is unique and mostly - a lot of fun.
Binion's is right in the middle of the action.

Binions is a "fun" place to gamble. The dealers are experienced vegas people and the craps table workers are excellent.
The bars always have one or two beers that can be had for $2.00.

I have always been given a nice room, not huge - but very nice ...
especially for the price.
My room always seems to overlook the big  screen and  is usually located right above one of the two stages for free music on the street.

I would give Binion's a four star rating, except for the fact that the self parking seems like a "mile" away friom the casino.
It is not easy to get to the casino and hotel from the parking lot.

The other reason for only three stars is there is very little food selection here.
Binion's once had a great little burger shop, but the sale of the property  a few years ago elimninated that fun little old style burger spot.

Binion's, just because of it's place in Vegas history, is a must stop for you on a visit to Las Vegas. 
Check out the World Series of poker wall of winners
and enjoy the experience of old style Las Vegas.
The classic WSOP hotel.

I stayed at during a weekday for $20/night.  Obviously does not have all the frills, but definitely a good deal for the price I paid.  The rooms were clean.  Has everything you need.  Good poker room downstairs.   

Great place to stay, a classic, and for a great price.
So I'm from Vegas and I view staying at hotels in Vegas as a bit of a novelty now...as such I'm trying to hit all the downtown hotels and casinos. I had a photo shoot this past weekend and needed to spend the night in Vegas so I looked at what was available. I often stay at The Artisan off Sahara (I'll post a review) and it was the same price as Binion's but I had never stayed at Binion's before, it was on my list of places to try and I wanted to meet up with all my friends to go drinking so it was the right location. The casino itself is pretty cool-and definitely worth checking out. The staff were lavishly dressed in tshirts for a Halloween event and all were really friendly and helpful. Parking is a bit of a walk away if you have bags though so bear this in mind before you start the hike. There's a burger/hotdog lunch counter off the casino floor that is pretty rad-reminds me of the old K-mart lunch counters.

OK so that's about where the coolness ends. I know there's a lot of people that love this place and overlook the rooms-and yeah, when you're in vegas you're not going to be in the room a lot unless you're entertaining the local ladies of leisure so there's not much reason to complain about the rooms BUT. This may have been the dingiest, worn out, and uncomfortable room I've stayed in since college. The bed was like a sheet of plywood, the carpet looked worse than the carpet on the casino floor, the wallpaper was from the 80's and there was the ubiquitous iron burn in the floor which I found ironic because there's NO iron in the room....maybe one begot the other. 

All in all unless you're staying there during an event (I did) the rooms are ridiculous cheap. Even when there's something special going on the rooms are really cheap....but the only way the room is worth it is if you're almost not paying for it.....

Do it...be brave....
I went to the buffet here and was appalled, repelled, flabberghasted, and lots of other big words with negative conotations. I have to pay at a buffet-type restaurant AFTER I eat? I really hate that because I can just feel the surveillance dudes watching me on the 1,001 cameras to make sure I don't skip out. At a buffet, please let me pay FIRST!! I went here because I heard they had crawfish which I hadn't tasted since I was living in Louisiana when I was little. These crawfish were not kept cold enough and had a rubbery taste as they were sitting on hard unfresh ice that had melted into itself. Maybe the ice was scared of the big mean cook staring me down with a sour look on his face as he stood behind the frozen station. The clam chowder soup was like milk and the whole time I was there, the bread and cracker baskets were not refilled once! The mashed potatoes resembled cream-of-wheat and the desserts were stale and crusty. The only good thing was the adequate cost (it better be) and, surprisingly, that my servers were nice and brought me my drinks promptly. But I knew very soon that this was not a place I was ever going to visit again (even though I live in Vegas). These restaurants (or at least the immediate managers therein) have got to realize that there are too many other eateries where people can go to enjoy a meal; a person doesn't have to put up with this sort of thing - I certainly won't.
I've been to Vegas 11 times and never to Freemont and finally I got here on this trip.  Freemont in general is like the most fun flea market/casino I've ever been to.  Binions was top of my list while down there.  It's old and beat up a bit, but who cares everyone at this place was yelling and screaming and having fun.  The cocktails came frequently while at the 5 dollar minimum tables and I really felt I got my moneys worth while playing there.
Binion's closed its hotel on December 14th! 

I found this out while looking for a place to stay. The Horseshoe is finally closing down again... The casino will still be open though. It's kind of sad, but my one and only experience with their hotel was horrible. The prices are cheap, but I didn't expect to get a tiny, haunted looking room. Haha! Other than that I'm sure you can find some cheap and better rooms around the downtown area.
Definitely the worst hotel experience I've ever had. My bf and I planned to stay here 3 nights the week before we moved to Vegas in Sept 2009, to look at apartments and such. We booked Binion's because we like Downtown and it was only $17/night. I'm a fan of the vintage look, so going down the hotel hallways was a blast from the past, but the beds are basically cots. I'm not picky about mattresses but you could feel EVERY spring in these cots, it was difficult to fall asleep. So after having fallen asleep the first night, we hear the fire alarm go off around 8 am the next morning. We were extremely distraught. The fire alarm has an individual speaker in every room and it is VERY loud, it's deafening. We were told over the speaker that it was a false alarm. So alright, whatever, we go back to sleep. About 45 minutes later it happens again, only to continue for the rest of our stay...

Our second day there the alarm goes off almost nonstop. It goes off every now and then in the early afternoon, and a few hours later it is literally going off at LEAST every 10-20 minutes. My bf couldn't take a phone call for a few minutes without the alarm interrupting. We learn that the fire department is there trying to fix the alarm, which in turn just makes it go off constantly. We tried to stay away from our room as much as possible. We sleep there a second night and the alarm goes off here and there throughout the evening and night.

The next day my boyfriend can't take it anymore and we decide to leave a day early. The alarm goes on and on and on as we pack up our crap as quickly as possible. He tries to get a refund when we check out, or some kind of acknowledgment of care for their guests, but they refused to do anything but try to comp us a meal (but staying in the building was too unbearable; you could hear the alarm going off while on the casino floor, walking on Fremont St, or even while driving by Binion's). Getting a refund wouldn't have been about the money, it was extremely cheap to stay there. It's just our entire stay was so HORRIBLE he wanted some kind of compensation and got nothing.

The cherry on top was when I had a tasty burger at their cafe place but ended up getting sick on it (and I RARELY get sick on food). This is another reason we did not take the offer for a comped meal, I did not want to get sick on Binion's food again. Thanks for the uncomfortable stay!
The Hotel -- finally -- is (permanently) closed.
Never stayed in a room here, in fact I believe it's currently closed for renovations.  This review is strictly for the casino!

Fun, fun place located in old town Vegas.  I loved the electronic blackjack on the big screen TV here with the $3 dollar minimums.  Even though it was electronic, the chicks on the screen were so HOT!!!  We stopped in here after midnight on a weeknight and there were quite a few people, it soo felt like this is what Vegas is suppose to be about.  Lots of drunks, low on life looking people gambling their lives away here and have a damn good time.  It also didn't hurt that I won here so that sure helped my impression of this place.  Overall, it was a nice change from the strip where everyone is dressed their finest even while gambling in the casino.  This is the place where folks high five and cheer each other on the craps table!  The excitement alone here is 100x better than gambling on the strip....
Nice place to play... got on a great winning streak playing mini bac.  A great historic hotel and casino.
I loved this place. Not only are all the girls super sexy and talkative but their all sweet. The staff had no problem taking some time to explain how to play and how to bet. I won a couple times on the roulette and had a great time. The bets are low $1 minimum which was GREAT! most places due a minimum of $10! Spent most of my weekend coming back to this place....definitely gotta visit again soon.
My review of Binion's is strictly for the casino area.

AMAZING!

My fiance and I had stayed across the street at the GN, but was disappointed with the $10 minimums at each table they had.  We really wanted to play table games, but didn't want to fork out that much on the front end (at first).  We decided to walk across the street to Binion's and check out this old beast.

The lurking smell of cigars and cigarettes, along with whiskey filled breaths made this casino feel like the real deal; the whole reason I chose to stay on the old strip.  A little bit of trash, with a little bit (or hardly any) class.

Before setting foot at the tables, I really needed to pass the fluids accumulating from hours worth of binge drinking.  When asking a random employee where the restroom was located, I was pointed in the general direction, PLUS they walked me to the location!  WOW!  This was not the only time that a staff member did this.  Another time we were trying to find the elevator to the steakhouse (which we did not eat at in the long run) and the employee walked us all the way through the casino to the elevator.  I was thoroughly surprised at this random act of kindness and help.

Tables here are cheap.  Flat out.  I played $5 blackjack, roulette, and let it ride.  Being fairly new to let it ride, the dealer proceeded to assist with my first few hands, advising me on my next moves (which in this case made sense since I was playing the house and NOT the dealer).  I was up on let it ride.  Went and sat at a blackjack table and was UP AGAIN.  Decided it was time to move to roulette.  Was UP AGAIN!  I stayed in this casino for nearly 4 hours spending my hard earned money on pure debauchery.  Drink service was prompt at the roulette table, but not so much at blackjack and let it ride.

To say the least, I left pretty intoxicated, up in money, and had the best night of my whole vacation at this little joint.
Binion's smells like a dirty shoe & cheap whiskey but it somehow has that classic warm Las Vegas charm unlike any other Casino.

A really sweet, dirty & funky old shoe. 

Would I wash my hands with rubbing alcohol after touching the slot machines here? Yes... but it's so worth the burn! 

Seriously though. Binion's is a really good time. 

- You have a classic casino on Fremont street in Downtown Vegas

- Black Jack tables with dealers dressed as Cute Cowgirls

- Nothing Fancy & Showy. Just Comfy & Classic.

- Old School Chain Smoking, 70's Clothing Wearing Slot Machine Dudes

- Sweet, 80 year Old Waitress's with Glossy Stripper Hair

My fiance and I spent most of the night playing "FIREBALL" here on the Slots. Our favorite game of the weekend. We won $100 and I swear... that sweet 80 year Old Waitress was our good luck charm.

I'm on to you Binion's... you have a little 4'5 angel working on the floor.

Thanks Darla'   ;-)
Back in the 80s this was the place to play craps. You could go to any of the tables and see any number of sharpshooters making throws that would beat the odds. I cannot count myself as one of those except some soul one time saw the dice being given to me and decided to place a 3-4 inch stack of green chips on the hard 6 and 8 it looked like a skyscraper out there on the table. Suffice it to say I hit the hardways three times on that roll and in the end they were paying this guy in yellow chips I still don't know why this guy. Would take a chance like that, by the way I never made my point and he tipped me about $100 during the roll i remember him shouting some green for the shooter.
Casino only review:

I needed to waste some time between shows last night, so I stopped at Binion's for a little video poker.  It was a successful effort as I didn't lose my shirt nor anything else.

While the place could certainly use some upgrading, I find that Binion's is more than just an OK place.  Cocktail service has always been fast.  I also have learned where to play so that I have a ringside seat to watch the sexy cowgirls--the dealers that Lily D talks about in her review.  The dealers wear skimpy cowgirl uniforms that give some serious views.
Sometimes it's hard to concentrate on VP when you're eyeing the dealers going by.  They are attractive thangs!

Because of the good eye candy at Binions, it gets an extra star to bring it to 4 stars.  The ladies have earned it!
I don't usually do cheap...but got talked into staying here by friends. If you like your feet to stick to the floor, holes in you rooms walls, and lots and lots of noise in your room at night from thin walls and slamming doors, this is the place for you! Never saw anyone win at slots here - actually didn't see that many people even playing slots here. However, the table games are plentiful. There is a deli that's like an old fashion dime store counter where the food is halfway decent and cheap. But they won't even charge to your room. Who does that??? This place is just seedy. It is cheap, but you get what you pay for! And dirty....soooo dirty.
The stars are for the burgers! Sometimes you have to wait in line but the burgers are like home made and the guy serving them is a throwback to when people had customer service and a personality. Every time I go it's for the burgers and not the gambeling. Besides they closed the hotel portion anyway.
Old Vegas.  You are really just a step above you're ugly cousin, Reno. 

But Binions...oh, Binions...

You are kind of like Ballys' skanky auntie.  You know, the one no one talks about since she came out of rehab.  The one who likes to wear all that flashy gold jewelry with open toe shoes and you know she hasn't had a pedicure in a few years.  THAT auntie.    

I sat in silence as I watched El Hub and friends play craps.  Of course this was after the picture taking adventure with the Mr. T little person standing outside.   I proceeded to observe two older ladies with matching fanny packs try their luck on the "QUEEN: FREDDY MERCURY" slot machine.  How many times can you hear "Another One Bites the Dust" over and over?  I wasn't willing to find out.  

Not really a breath of fresh air from Fremont St.
The thing I love about Binion's is the cheap tables and how nice and willing the dealers are to teach you how to play, as opposed to a bigger casino on the Strip (like at Paris..you better know what you're doing there). Anyways, I highly recommend experiencing downtown in general and definitely stop at Binion's for some old fashioned gambling! And try their steakhouse with one of the best views in Vegas.
legit!
Oh how I do love thee Binion's.  It's one of the last great old school casinos left, the dealers here are the best and always willing to help you learn a thing or two about the game.  It's cheap to buy in and easy to spend a few hours letting it ride on some of the best gambling in Vegas.  The decor is straightforward and old school flashing lights really make it feel like Vegas, there are a lot of neutral colors and the emphasis and your attention will be firmly focused on gambling.  

Great customer service and the best table games around.  The location is a lot of fun and not all touristy like the strip, this place is where the gamblers go to remember the beauty of Vegas before it went to pure tourism.  I love this place and feel it's one of the best Casinos in existence.  I will always continually support this place and hope more people will give it a chance.
Just got back from Vegas where I visited Binion's, and the casino is better lit and actually updated and much cleaner from my last trip here (feet didn't stick to the floor). They've closed the hotel, so I guess their concentrating on the casino. People were playing here and having fun. 

They'll take your photo in front of $1 million and give you as many copies (5x7) as you have people in the group. That was really cool. The deli is still there but prices have gone up so it's not the great deal it used to be. Didn't eat there so I can't review it. But all in all, this is an upgraded version and I've given it more stars. Keep up the good work:)
I hadn't given this casino a fair chance until my last trip. My fiance and I heard they had started a bingo hall and decided to go check it out. We had a really good time. They had a cocktail waitress serving drinks to everyone and she was fast! FYI they have really good pina coladas :)
We'll be taking another trip to Vegas next month and Binion's is definitely on our list of places to visit again!
Once upon a time, this place was the mecca for gamblers downtown....that was until Jack Binion gave it to his sister Becky.  Since then, it's been run down, closed, sold to Harrah's, the World Series of Poker moved to the Rio, and sold to another owner.....it's a shell of it's former self.  No longer is it worth the trip to see it.  Sad.

Return Factor - 10%
Most of the reviews of this place - good and awful - are accurate. Binion's IS Downtown Vegas. You either revel in it or think it's yucky. Count me as a reveler.
So lightfully tacky it's awesome! On the outside that is. The inside however is crowded and cramped and very smoky. BUT the $3 well drinks made it a better experience.
Looking for a gooood burger?  The Binion's Cafe has a nice one for $4.95.  Grilled to perfection.  It is a pre formed style patty but the fresh lettuce and tomato with sweet pickles make a nice combo on a freshly toasted bun perfect.

If you want fries with it, you have to pony up an extra $1.25 but worth it!  It is like stepping back in time.  "Old Vegas" lives at Binion's!
Want cheap loose slots come here to Binions. And take a picture with 1 milion dollars cool., I won here and love the old school non trendy atmoshphere. I have a new place to gamble. BINIONS
Thought it was going to be so cool to stay in old Vegas. I was excited & it was soooo cheap.

Ugh.

The room itself was okay.

The air conditioning as loud, but barely worked. There is no Internet capability.

Those are two deal breakers for me. I'll never be staying there again.

On the flip side, however, gambling there is fun - the atmosphere in old Vegas is definitely lax & exciting. Lots going on & many casinos to jump around to.
This casino wasn't one of my favorites. But I can assure you that it was my favorite casino downtown aside from the Golden Nugget. It was nice walking in this casino, felt very comfortable. I didn't have much luck gambling here, but I never do at any casino in Las Vegas so I didn't expect much here. All in all I wouldn't complain. They have a nice little cafe that I've heard was good, but never had a chance to try it out.

I can't rate other than it's appearance inside because I haven't roomed here. Just came here to hang out and play a few hands of paigow. It's not a big casino, but it is bigger than most on this street. I won't lie, if I do room anywhere off the strip, this would probably one of my top placed I would want to stay at. One other cool thing is that you can take a picture with 1million dollars. Probably the only place in Las Vegas you can do this. You can check out the pictures to see what I'm talking about.
This review is for the casino at Binions as I didn't stay in the hotel. 

My fiance and I decided to check out downtown Vegas. I had never been to old Vegas and I am a geek for history and dorky useless facts like seeing the first hotel in Vegas that had carpet installed which is Binions Horseshoe which is now called Binions. 

We came inside and it is what one expects. It is a gritty old casino that had seen better days. All the dealers are female and all wear cheesy cowboys hats with tight tank tops, little shorts, and cowboy boots. Imagine if Hooters went western. 

I couldn't believe my eyes when I caught a single deck 5 dollar blackjack table. My fiance and I sat down and played for roughly and hour and a half and had a ball. The dealers were all actually good looking ladies with great personalities. We had a great table with this nice guy in his fifties sitting next to me. He said that he makes the trip to Vegas every year and although he stays on the strip he only gambles in downtown Vegas. Drinks were free while gambling so we basically were entertained by a funny dealer, had free whiskeys, and talked it up with interesting people at the table. 

Gambling on the strip is a nightmare. 20 dollar minimum bets guarantees you a very short night of gambling unless you have a major budget. Black jack on the strip is also usually you against multiple decks. Not very fun. 

I rate this a four because not because it is a posh place but because it delivers on what it promises. Affordable and fun gambling with fun people and free drinks. Sounds like a nice combo to me.
I REALLY wanted to hold off on writing this review.  I actually do like this place, but its current state, however much I actually do like and frequent this casino....  Someone needs to give this place some TLC.

The interior is kind of fun, it's like you're going into one of those Old West saloons where the piano guy and sarsaparilla should be slung around, though I doubt the Old West had the aforementioned "sexy cowgirls" dealing out cards like that.  But I seriously doubt that they're going for historical accuracy here.  The staff as a whole, however, has always been very nice and helpful.

"It doesn't sound bad so far", you say, so what gives?

With the downturn in economy, they've shut down a LOT of areas in the casino.  For the longest time, it was all of the rooms (which were small, but not bad, and a comfortable bed).  

What hasn't come back, however, is their excellent Coffee Shop that shut down in 2009, where the food was consistently excellent with a familiar and top-notch staff, and even the casino's gift shop is gone.  They had a generic T-shirt shop over by the Coffee House that always looked like it was going out of business for years, but now it's taken over the other side of the casino, replacing the gift shop and the original check-in area.  It looks like they've turned a casino cashier cage into the new check-in place, and it just looks ghetto.

And there lies the problem with Binion's.  It doesn't look run down.  It's just that when you move past the main gambling floor that it starts looking closed down.  I understand self-preservation to stay open at all, but the place is always looking busy with gambling.  Certainly some of that revenue can help to restore some of that shine on the old girl.

I really hope things get better for this casino.  It's got old-style charm, a great location, and a lot of history going for it.  It deserves better.  It deserves to be restored.  If they can work on fixing up the Plaza, then it's time that Binion's owners take a note and do the same.
I love Binions!  They welcome our rowdy poker group every year and a unbelieveably nice, accommodating, professional and fun.  Okay, so the casino carpet has seen better days and I was allergic to the poker table (I sneezed all afternoon!) but it's such a warm and friendly place it's hard not to love it.
This review is ONLY for the Rooftop pool!!  I want to be CLEAR that I have no issues with the casino floor or hotel portion!  

On Saturday Sept 3rd, a group of us went to check out the rooftop pool and bar after the Howard Jones concert.  We all had VIP passes and the rooftop pool/bar put out an invite on Facebook that everyone with a VIP pass would receive their first drink free-so of course the group went to check it out!  

First of all, it's a nightmare to figure out the best way to get UP to the rooftop..we had to take 2 different elevators and only one friggin elevator was working to begin with!!  Now this isn't that big of a deal, but when you dangle the promise of a free drink in front of a crap-ton of people, maybe more elevators should be in working order?  

We finally made it up there-all of us in a great mood with smiles on our faces and ready to party!  I walked up to the bar, which had 2 men behind it.  I attempted to verify with the closest one (who appears to be a manager based off the difference in uniforms) that they are in fact offering a free drink if you show your VIP pass (cause I wouldn't want to assume!)  He shrugs and says he's pretty sure, but that the bartender will help us out.  He wasn't RUDE, but he wasn't inviting/warm/hospitable.  

So I asked the bartender the same question (even though he heard me ask the other guy and could have FAKED some customer service by ANSWERING with a simple YES or NO) and he says "Yes" in an extremely irritated tone of voice.  I then proceeded to order my drink (a vodka redbull).  He made sure to correct me that it isn't Redbull, but Monster energy drink that they have, to which I verbally stated "That's fine, I'll take that", but he just kind of stands there.  I stare at him, confused..he then tells me to "Order here" and points to a spot that is right in front of him and 2 feet to my left.  I stepped to the left, and wait patiently for the drink I thought I had already ordered to be made.  He looks at my group like we're a bunch of idiots and loudly asks "Okay?!  Well?  What do you guys want?"  I did a double take while my best friend orders a beer, figuring that would be an easy thing to get started on since apparently this is the most difficult task the bartender has ever encountered.  

Best friend gets her beer (without being charged mind you), so then I ask (again) for a vodka redbull.  Obviously that's my bad since he had already corrected me that it's MONSTER, not Red Bull.  I chuckled (still trying to salvage this entire experience) and say "Oh sorry, ok yes.  I will take a Vodka Monster."  He sighs and makes the drink.  Puts it down to the right of me (where I moved FROM when he originally asked me to move in front of him), so I pick it up and move out of the way.  He points at the drink and says "That will be $8.50."  I stare at him, thoroughly confused and ask why I'm being charged for what was supposed to be a free drink given I have the VIP pass that I ASKED HIM ABOUT NOT 5 MINUTES EARLIER.  He shakes his head irritatedly as if this is the first time I'm dropping this info on him and says "Well fine, it's $3.50 then for the Monster."  Without missing a beat I say, "Okay, then I'll take a vodka cranberry instead."  He shakes his head and says he already poured the drink and that it must be paid for.  I calmly inform him that he should have informed me that extra charge prior to making the drink since he knew we all had VIP passes and that was HOW we were procuring our drinks.  He still insisted that it must be paid for.  We went back and forth another 2 times-neither of us giving up any headway.  Meanwhile, the manager looking fellow is just watching.  Not stepping in, not mediating, nothing..

Luckily for everyone involved, another patron not with my group jumps in and says that he'll pay for the drink since it's what he wanted anyhow and the bartender actually shook his head NO!!  At that point I exclaimed loudly "Oh PERFECT!  Here you go sir", and I handed the drink to him and he pulled his cash out and proceeded to get rung up by the manager guy.  I then turned back to the bartender and asked for a vodka cranberry and the bartender begrudgingly made it.  The rest of my group ordered their drinks..and put AWAY the cash we had taken out for tip.  

The manager then pulled out a hole punch and reached for my VIP pass-luckily I pulled it out of his reach or something that *I* consider to be memorabilia would have been ruined.  I told him not to worry, that we were taking our business elsewhere so he didn't need to deface our property.  He nodded dismissively and we all walked away. 

I apologize for how long this review is, but I felt it was important to highlight how the bartender passed up multiple opportunities to provide good service (not even excellent or great service..just good service).
Love the old Vegas style Casinos, espeically this one.  Not too huge, great single deck blackjack, and located downtown Vegas! What more can I ask for.  
I have never stayed here, but always enjoyed visiting and gambling.
Where my momma works...
A true Las Vegas classic. Loud, roaring fun. Low table limits, excelllent staff that keeps the fun going. Every time in in Las Vegas  I spend a considerable amount of time in this great place. A must go when strolling down Fremont st.
This place is soooo Ghetto! The only reason I came here was because this Cigar lounge was inside this casino which ended up being a bust as well. This casino looks so dilapidated, dirty and dingy.
I went to Binion's the other day to eat with my family. I had not been there in years. Like 20 years. It seemed like half of the casino was shut down. There were a bunch of cheap shirts for sale in the back lobby. It was kind of sad. It did not look like Binion's is doing well.
The hubby likes to stay in Old Town and the rooms are super cheap. I have always stayed on the Strip. I went to go to a concert, he went to play poker. I didn't object. The less we pay for  room, the more we can spend on drinks, gambling and food and entertainment. We checked in and found that our room was right by the elevator. And it was a handicap room. Hmm. The shower had no tub but it did have a folding table to sit down on. We didn't use it. However, we did use the shower and on our second night there, it flooded. Water backed up and headed towards the carpet of our room!

We called building maintenance and the older gentleman that came by to so-called repair the damage was quite acusatory. I understand that young kids come to this town and do dumb stuff but this was not purposely done. Anyways, we ended up getting another room and this time to a so-called suite with a king size bed and at a higher floor. We were happy with that. Too bad it was only for one night.

Drinks were definitely available on the floor while gambling. I actually hit a royal flush on a machine there while the hubby was playing at a table with the big boys. If only I wasn't such a cheap skate. With my winnings, I left Vegas with a grey Bebe coat that was half off. Thanks, Binions!
This is one of the more upscale properties in Downtown Las Vegas, which is akin to being the finest deli in North Dakota. That being said if you want over the top glitz and glamour go to the strip, but if you are in the mood to kick it old school, come downtown. A couple of great features at Binion's; a free pull on a slot machine that gets you a page of coupons, use them! Get your picture taken with one million dollars for free! A hot dog condiment bar that boast over 30 items!  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Free picture with a million bucks, free slot play.  I love downtown.
Old and tacky, as downtown should be. Free slot play is incredibly entertaining, although I doubt anyone ever wins anything.
A tourist's dream hotel! Sign up for their players club and get a picture worth a million bucks and a keychain! Situated on Freemont Street, this place is worth stumbling into... You'll find cheap eats and gaming options on every corner at Binion's.  Check out this iconic Hotel and casino.
This is one of the oldest casinos in Las Vegas. The Killers' drummer Ronnie Vannucci invited a Rolling Stone journalist here to grab lunch at the Snack Bar in the casino. Ronnie said, "I like this place because it's real old school. My parents have been coming here forever. I just had a grilled cheese and corn bread for $3.75. That's a reasonable price, man." He also led the writer through a hidden staircase and random doors that led to a very secret poker room, where he said, "For true poker players, this is still the place." Think you can find it? More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
Old school Fremont St , free picture with the Million dollars is worth a few minutes of your time . I took off and returned later at night to pick mine up during the light show intermission .They have some new slot machines and good table gaming .
Binion's really isn't a casino of choice for me.  I've never stayed here and rarely even drop a single coin here.  The casino is small, old, and can use a makeover. Still a staple in downtown Las Vegas.  Also known as the birth place of the World Series of Poker where the legends of the game once grinded out a living.  

I probably walk inside Binion's at least once a month, but usually just to get to the Golden Nugget.  Not a bad short cut from the Main Street Parking to the Fremont Street Experience.  

Overall, I give this place only 2 stars because there's not much here. I don't play here, eat here, or even stay here.
Get your picture taken with the Million Dollars! It's free. Otherwise run while you can... This place is in dire need of a renovation.
POKER, POKER... POKER!!!

I've stayed at the Hotel here before and it was 2.5 or 3 stars at best. The property is now owned by the same owners as the 4 Queens where I love to stay which is where I just stayed for 3 nights. Binions hotel portion has been closed for over a year for renovation, but the casino has remained opened. They have Zero Rake at their $2/4 Limit Hold'em poker tables 9am to noon. Not sure if that includes weekends. I wanted to play at Binions just cause it's sorta a tradition for me... playing where all the legends of poker used to play. I've had the pleasure to meet many of them... Doyle, Hellmuth, Ferguson, Chan and more... 

So on my last day of my Vegas trip, sat down at the $2/4 Limit cash game (the only game going at the time) and after a few minutes of play, I win a pot with quad fives... JACKPOT! Yup... I won over $1,500 for the high hand jackpot... Luv you more Binions!

No smoking allowed in the poker room. Free drinks while playing poker. A decent mix of regulars and tourists provide a lively game.

The hotel is being renovated so it should open sometime in 2013... In the meantime, if you like to find a low limit cash game or a $1/2 NL Texas Hold'em cash game... this is not a bad place to spend your time.

If you are looking to party, spend a lot of bucks on bottle service, VIP treatment and party with the beautiful people... look elsewhere... but if you are looking for an inexpensive casino to play some poker... I highly recommend you go to Binions at least once. 

I like to stay at the 4 Queens and play poker here at Binions and at the Golden Nugget if you want to know. They are all within a block of each other, as opposed to staying on the strip where it is a loooong walk just going to a casino next door to the one you are leaving...
Stayed next door at Four Queens for New Years - and my boyfriend and I ended up spending a LOT of time in Binions.  The BlackJack tables were cheap ($5 minimum), which we were happy with. They are frequently changing price - so keep an eye out for what you want!  A couple of the dealers were SO MUCH FUN, and had great personalities. Others, didn't talk. This seemed to make or break our experience each time.  Look for Candy, she was a HOOT! Kept us playing longer than we were planning, just because she made it so fun.
good place to gamble at. make sure to at least bet 5 credits on the nickel or penny machines. anything lower they will not give you free alcahol
Large amount of slots, excellent cocktail service with very pleasant, fast and accommodating cocktail servers, loose slots made for a lot of fun. Earn points, easy to earn comps, staff very friendly and the atmosphere is fun. Great Cafe, Chicken Fried Steak is excellent with great service. Only minus is bathrooms really foul smelling.
Just played on the crap table here.  Couple of the cow girls are nice to look at.  Most of the cow girls are flirtatious, If my memory is right a few  of girls is on the TV show Casino Confidential. Men beware of the girl with Huskers tattoo lower back right side I believe one the pit bosses called her Jana or Jenna.  She exudes sex appeal. "very flirtatious." If your winning and you start losing don't oggle Huskers cause you will make a deposit and not a withdraw from the casino   

Now for the crap table . The bad thing about playing craps at the Binion's is the dice have to hit the back the wall on every throw. They dealers and bosses keep reminding the players of that rule.   IMO that rule is stupid cause it's impossible, every dice shooter has their own style of throwing, some will hit the back wall, some shooters throw short.  If you find a hot shooter you can money here.  Shooters beware if you're a short shooter, you will be scolded on every short throw. "you must hit the back wall."  As for the other players, who are always late throwing bets out. Get your shit together and throw you bets out early.  You late betters throw the rhythm off a hot shooter, and late betters are common at the Binion's crap table.   Crap players you have have warned.
Still a favorite in downtown Vegas, the cafe is still open 24 hours and serves up fried everything! We did jalapenos bottle caps and deep fried South Western egg rolls. Fast excellent cafe junk food. Saw the burgers and nachos go by and they both looked great as well. The casino is still hanging on to its heritage but sad to see they are limiting the cheap craps tables now, hard to find a 3$ game.
The casino is terrible, old and smelly.
What is great is the free Million Dollar picture and the free parking with validation.
they will not ask you to buy or sign anything. Just park your car at Binions, go for your picture and validate your parking ticket.
This review is based on my second trip to the casino. The first night, I won 1300.  The following the night, the pit boss told me I have to throw the dice into the back wall instead of throwing the dice in front of the back wall and letting the dice roll into the wall and roll off.I think the cameras in the sky called down to the pit boss and told the  pit boss to chase me out of the casino cause I won big the previous night  .   

Since it's their casino so it's  their rules. So I left, and played games at other downtown casinos.  4 Queens is the Binion's sister property downtown.  So I avoid that casino also.
Visiting Binion's is like visiting your grandma in a nursing home.  You don't really want to go, because it's depressing, but you know, it's your grandma, so you really want to.

My husband and I are HUGE fans of Vegas lore.  We cried bitter tears the day the Sands was torn down, and our heart aches a little whenever one of the "original' casinos are torn down to make way for the new mega-resort plexes.

For those of you who aren't Vegas-obsessed, Binion's was once the shiznit of gambling in Vegas (it was known as the "Horseshoe" back then).  Unlike other casinos in the 50's, it didn't focus on shows or acts, and they didn't have a high-roller section...it was truly a casino that focused on the gambler.  It had the first "$1M" display on the floor, and it hosted the World Series of Poker back in the day.  The stories behind Binion's - the drama, the legends, and the tragedies can fill an entire book (and have).

So of course, we had to make a pilgrimage to Binion's. 

And like I said, it was like visiting your grandmother in the nursing home.  It was run-down and depressing, yet there were moments and glimmers of what she must have been like, back in the day.  Most of the sparkle and wit is gone, but you can tell that it was once there.
Binion's is showing its age and really needs an overhaul.  But, the dealers and pit bosses when I played were great.  Most dealers in Vegas are friendly and like to chat, but most pit bosses are too busy to do so unless you are a big player.  At Binion's the pit bosses would stop by, chat, call you by name.  One even gave me a high five when I hit a black jack.  It didn't matter that I was only playing $5 a hand.  That's the type of fun I am looking for.  Hope they can bring this place back.
I love Binion's. I come here to play craps and to be around genuine people. The staff are genuinely friendly. They don't  put on that have a nice day phony bull$hit. I love the free picture, the location, and the steak house. Had a delicious rib eye and a stellar vodka gimlet . I remember Binion's for their late night steaks and they never disappoint.  I like the Elvis display and the classic cars. It is true it is shabby, but it is an asset because it is not pretentious.  This is a diamond in the rough.
Parked in their parking garage, didn't think our SUV was going to fit, but magically it did.

Went up to the top, come to find out that the elevator doesn't go to the top.  Parked the vehicle, go down to the street level, and find the validation machine so we can walk around the "Freemont Experience" for a couple of hours.
Casino is old, stale, and just...weird.

I appreciate the 3 free hours, but sheesh, the casino needs a makeover ASAP.
Stopped in here on a recent trip to Vegas, and was very happy with my visit.  The staff was incredibly friendly, I had a few coupons and a bunch of match play which I used with no problems, and their football night deals at the bar are great.  The blackjack was a decent game, the single deck paid 6:5 (AVOID!) but the multi-deck games were just fine, won about 100 bucks and had a great time doing it.  I liked the old school decor, and would come here to gamble again in a heartbeat.
Time to update my review.  This place has continued it's downward spiral.  It hasn't improved one bit since my last review.  It's actually gotten worse.  It's dirty, smoky, and the people who hang out here are sketchy. We dropped in for a drink to check out the place on our last trip to Vegas and we could barely stay long enough to finish it.

I have fond memories of the old Horseshoe.  It used to be the place to gamble downtown.  Now, it's become one of the worst places downtown.  Benny Binion has to be rolling over in his grave right now.

Return Factor - 2%
Worst place ever the casino smells they hav

e a ridiculous parking garage with 20 minute wait just to exit really awful place don't care about customers just making money employees clearly not happy
I will never go back. I planned a party of 25 people. I went to reserve some space in the sports. I was told I can not reserve the tables, it is pure first come first serve. I showed up within60 minutes of it opening to find the entire sports bar reserved. Now I am trying to find a place to have a party in less than two hours. Extreme poor customer service
The Binion's Horseshoe is a legendary Casino/Hotel from "Old Vegas".
Typical fremont casino. Liked bennys bull pen and still want to try the steakhouse. My bf likes to gamble here.
I fell in love with Binion's after hearing stories of my parents' debauchery in the 70s and 80s.  Last year, my husband and I stopped to have breakfast at the cafe and were so happy with our nominal charge and solid diner-style fare.  This trip to Vegas took us to Binion's 4 times.  Pastrami sandwich at the deli?  Luscious.  Seriously.  We also had breakfast 3 times at the cafe.  Steve at the counter is gracious, efficient, and genuine... After walking by all of the flash-in-the-pan joints on the Strip, this place is my go-to for a $10 or less meal.  The casino itself is classic downtown--wood, mirrors, chrome.  They've done some updates as of the past few months.  Rather than blowing your time and money at a Strip property, spend some time downtown and see what real Vegas was and is like.
How can you not like this place. Old school and most of all old fashion. The place looks just like it did 25 years ago when I first played here. The hotel sucks, the restaurants are not good but the gambling is great.
I'm a big fan of some of the old school properties in Vegas when it come to a change up over the glitz and glamour of new school properties.. Binion's is that kind of property that is dated, it's smokey, it's cheap, it's seen it's days but you can't beat it up to much the gambling is good, the staff seemed nice etc.. I liked it for the little short time I was there..
This place is truly old school, and in Vegas that's a rarity. Picture wood and brass decor inside and amazing neon outside. You've gotta appreciate it. It gets so boring walking through all the brand new cookie cutter hotels. They all look the same and have absolutely no character whatsoever. Binion's also seems to have a lot of staff with character. They were friendly to me this time, however, last time I played there the 90 year old cocktail waitress refused to serve me a drink cuz she hadn't seen me play the machine I had just put $20 in. It's okay though, cuz where else in Vegas does an old granny wearing a button up plaid shirt and high waisted jeans yell at you?
Awesome hotel downtown, little drama to none when it comes to their parking and their staff is pretty cool and courteous, I have enjoyed my time here plenty and I also love being able to go to container park and know that my vehicle will be in good condition when I come back.

It is almost in the middle of the three stages throughout the downtown strip. You get to go from one stage to the next to the next and then to the zip line. I have to say that I will make sure this is where I go and park anytime I go downtown. Unlike the station's parking lot right down the way which is a hassle to park there and never has enough change to support a 100 bill. Go to Binion's parking instead and get your day started right when you travel downtown Las Vegas.
All I have to say is this. They better go back to the free parking with validation of your parking ticket. Today it was real bad the way they wouldn't validate your parking ticket unless you were gambling or eating at the restaurant. All we saw was a lot if pissed off people including me because you had to play their slots for an hour while waiting for the guy to come around and validate the ticket. The only nice one was the Pit Boss who we complained to. One good thing is we won $17 on one slot pull.
Free with validation! This used to be my starting point for my downtown shenanigans. No more. Brought family here from out of town to do some gambling. Played the slots but lady luck wasn't on our side. We cashed out our vouchers at the cashier cage and gave my ticket for validation. He hands it back and says he can't do it. So per his instructions we go look for a slot attendant and there's no one in sight so I ask a pit boss. All we got were rude "I can't do it" attitudes. In a town so reliant on customer service Binion's needs to change they're attitudes because nothing else is drawing people back to this outdated casino.
Old School, Very Cool!  Best casino in Vegas, loved it. Cowgirls were great, blackjack was fun because the dealers were enjoying themselves and made us feel welcome. The sport fishing slots were a blast. My wife and I had a great time & we visited Vato's Cigar shop at the back of the gaming room for some smokes. Vato's house blends were great, especially the Cuban Blend. We will definitely be back to Binion's!
I used to love this place, but NO MORE!  The parking validation is only good if you play with your card for more than 30 minutes.  They claim too many people were taking advantage of their free parking and that they weren't playing in their casino.  Maybe because you never win anything in there.  The most I've ever won there is about $50.  The workers there are VERY SURLY and not helpful at all.  And the coffee shop/cafe, is disgusting.  The servers are rude.  The last time I ate there, the waitress had her thumb in my hash browns.  I need to go burn my comps, but after that I am totally done with this dump.
So ive been to this place twice and both times it seemed like the place was either jam packed or else there is just not a lot of room in the place and makes it seem like there are a lot of people there.  

The thing that made us stop there was the 99 cent Huge yard tropical frozen drinks they have on the tv above the casino.  When we finally make it to the back where they serve the drinks we come to find out that the drinks are actually $20 for the yard size and the 99 cent ones don't even exist.  The Yard drinks were very nice none the less.  Just be warned that if you want to get a frozen drink there its going to be a lot more then 99 cents.
Pure ghetto.  They lure you in with the temptation of a raffle ticket for a cash drawing to take place "any minute".  So you come inside with your "winning ticket".  Nothing to do while waiting except select one of the few slot machines in this tiny joint and slide some cash in.  Then here comes the cocktail waitress.  Order is placed, and drink delivered.  Time for the tip.  Well, I always tip and did this time.  However another guy nearby wasn't going to tip, apparently.  So the waitress stands there for like 90 seconds after delivering the drink with her hand stuck out.....just standing there by this guy.   She refused to just walk away.  The guy finally says something like he'll take care of her next time around.  That really pisses her off and she spouts an obscene comment, then abruptly turns, walks away, and starts slamming things.  First time I've ever witnessed anything like that.

I guess this must be part of the Fremont Street Experience too !  ha ha
This place is cramped and borderline gross, but it's hilarious! All coin machines, so you get to walk around with your little coin bucket. I won $40 on a machine, that was fun trying to keep the coins inside the spill tray - they kept wanting to bounce out lol. Yes the cocktail waitresses are crazy, yes the floors are gross and the drinks are expensive, yes the decorations are insane and backwoodsy, but it's all part of the fun. I think this ended up being one of our favorite spots surprisingly. All part of staying downtown lol.
Ghetto Fab... 

It's a tiny casino, no card tables, crammed full of people, waitresses are outgoing, drinks are filled super fast. I don't play slots, so I wonder why I always end up here??? hummmm, I think the free beads draw me in, and I always end up talking with the craziest people.. I've always had a good time coming here, this is my third time this year! Yes, it's pretty old, but hey it is in the old Vegas, if your expecting glitz and glam go to the strip and pay a lot more to be stuck in boring-ville.
Absolute dive casino, totally rickety and trashy! You are greeted at the door by hot pink, yellow and purple dressed New Orleans inspired flare and are given some beads as well! The clientele is dicey and suspect at best! Oh and the best is when I stepped out of the casino for a second to get some fresh air, the girl dressed in the flare said bye to me I walk back in 30 seconds later and again was ID'd after she just saw me leave (She Id'd me the first time in as well) after about 30 or so seconds to a minute of her trying to calculate my age I told her my age and she let me back in.... Classic!
Fabulously dive-y! Free Mardi Gras beads were fun, and the reason we went in in the first place. Loved that it was all coins, and they had some really fun video machines. The staff were the friendliest were encountered anywhere in Vegas. Cocktail waitresses were fast, and drinks were strong, not the usual watered down comp drinks you get at most casinos.

The place was small, cramped and not very clean... but a blast none the less!
Free beads.  Free ticket for entry in to a drawing (done every 30 minutes).  HUGE daiquiri selection for $16/$17 a piece (screw the football, go for the long haul), and for 2 or 3 bucks more get an extra few splashes of booze for the mix.  Coined games that feed out nickles with dirty grime lined buckets to collect the change in.  Small casino but proves to be a nice little trip for the beginnings of a night of debauchery.
The slot machines in this casino still spit out coins!!!

Imagine my shock when I won $16 on a nickel machine and went to cash out, expecting a slip of paper to print out. Instead, chunks of metal started loudly hitting the metal tray on the bottom of the machine. After a moment of remembering what to do, I looked for a coin bucket and then had to scoop up all of the nickels. I forgot how much work that was! And how dirty your hands got from that. The tips of my fingers were black. My friend was playing on a quarter machine and was in the same shock when it started spitting out quarters at her. 

I was surprised this place was still there. I remember coming here about 10 years ago. Super low end small casino with only slot machines and some video poker. Grab some mardi gras beads and some raffle tickets before you go in. Every half hour they call a number and if your ticket has that number, you win something. The waitresses are super attentive. A few seconds after coming in and they want to service you with drinks. Everyone automatically orders drinks. Unfortunately, they end up being some of the worst drinks you have ever consumed. Everything tastes very watered down. I ordered a white wine and was brought this strangely sweet and carbonated drink that was more like a spritzer than wine. Besides the bad drinks, this place is pretty fun for awhile. It's a party atmosphere and they play some fun music. The machines aren't super tight and keep you playing for awhile. We were there for over a half hour as we heard two rounds of raffle numbers called. 

Definitely one of the weirdest casinos in Vegas but I always have to visit it when I'm gambling downtown.
It is what it is, a hole in the wall with giant cheap drinks and slots. Beware though, if you get the extra Everclear with the frozen drinks, you will most likely black out.. The drinks here are a great deal if your looking to get faded with a quickness. Also your friends will be telling you of all your adventures in the morning when you wake up to a neck full of puke covered beads. Good Times!!!
Awesome dive bar and casino in one. You get party beads walking in the door, the free drinks come faster than any man alive can drink them, the machines are looser than any others downtown, and they have prize raffles every thirty minutes. The slots pay you in nickles so you get that classic clangity-clang sound when you cash out (and really dirty hands).
Let's be honest. Gigantic frozen daquari's are the draw, and they're worth it! also, REFILLS are around $8 but a fresh glass is twice as much, so make a few trips to make it more worthwhile =)
I like getting my yard drinks here because from the moment you walk in they give you beads. Their yards and footballs are about $2 cheaper than the nearby bars. They have a good selection of choices and an extra shot is $2-3 dollars more but well worth it. Refills are $8. The drinks are strong!! The actual casino is pretty small.
This was a great dive bar to stumble into. They hand you beads as you walk in and offer football sized drinks. As a football lover, that was a major sell.
The service was quick! The drinks were decent. It was smaller than some of the other casino type diver bars. Not bad, just smaller.

If you are in downtown for the Fremont experience, this is a decent bar to "stumble" into.
First of all, the place is a hole, and not in a good way. 

I wouldn't mind so much except I had an issue with the security guard who pinpointed me as "trouble" i suppose since it was Halloween and I was wearing a HAT that looked like a lion- it's a hat for CHILDREN. Perhaps I scared him, but he told me in order to remain in this establishment I'd have to remove my hat. 

I found this to be interesting since there were PLENTY of people inside of the casino wearing hats and not being asked to take theirs off. Many were in costume. Many were extremely shady looking, but he just passed by them without a second glance. 

Maybe he really dislikes lions. Either way, he pissed me off. 

Thanks to the cocktail waitress for the 2 free beers- she was pleasant at least.
This could be the smallest and funniest casino in Vegas. It's amazing! Located right on Freemont Street, this casino has it down to a science. 

1. As you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a women in a bright purple Mardi-Gras like jumpsuit holding beads. Before you enter, she chooses three beads for you (that just so happen to match your outfit) and puts them around your neck. Then she gives you a raffle ticket letting you know that the raffle happens every thirty minutes for the chance to win prizes. 

2. Next you step foot inside. Immediately you are welcomed by a cocktail waitress who offers you a drink. The drinks are complimentary as long as you gamble. 

*** Like I said, this is a teenie tiny casino with two walls of slot machines and one row in the middle. It's the old school type slot machine with quarters and the plastic tubs to put them in. 

3. As you gamble quarter slot machines and sip your free drink, beware because you might win and if you do, the staff will treat you like you won a million bucks (even though you just won $80 in the slot machine). They will also immediately hand you a business card so you remember where you were. And guess what? I did remember which is why I'm writing this review! 

4. During your time here you will get great service, free drinks, mardi gras beads and you might even leave with a prize. 

Now remember, this isn't a casino on the strip and it's pretty old and rundown. But it's cheesy in a great way and worth the experience. You'll leave feeling like a VIP with some great Mardi Gras beads and maybe even a tub full of change. So escape the craziness of the strip and check out Freemont Street. When you're there don't forget to stop into La Bayou Casino.
It is recession time, so we didn't get any free drinks as my friend promised, but still we stayed for a while on the slut machines. Like I'd always say invest, recover then leave. In the end I was tempted to try one of the drink-blends you see many walking with, and here I got my pia colada daiquiri for 14 (medium size).

People seem to love this place because of....beads! Very american thing I guess. You are given 1 free and the option with a raffle to win other "exotic" ones.
Drinks are expensive but free pour!! One drink & your going to feel it lol. Plus the slot pump out coin still pretty cool.
Very cool divey casino/bar with some of the friendliest people in vegas working there.  Been coming here for years and I never get tired of it.  You get mardi gras beads as you walk in and immediately after someone is there to get you a drink.  A couple of minutes later you are gaming, drinking and having a great time, and occasionally you really do win money and I mean real money, no tickets here so don't put a hundred in and then try to cash out, you'll be so loaded down with nickels and quarters you won't be able to walk.

The drinks are strong, the slots are decently loose and the manager Barbara and the cashier Mary Ellen are so cool, make you feel so welcome.  The Russian cocktail waitress is really nice too and trust me, she'll be back to check on your drink before you can sip down the one you have.

This is one thing I miss about Vegas, the free drinks to keep you there.  Most places don't give them away unless you're at a $1 machine and even then not usually.  So, La Bayou has my business two times a year, every year.  Keep up the good work everyone at La Bayou!
This place is our go-to place for a cheap drinking night on Fremont! Get your beads and go straight to the back and order yourself the only drink you will need all night.. Note that I said need.. But the moment the last of it goes down into your warm happy self.. You think yay! Refills are half price..I'm thirsty.. I'll take another.. And suddenly that's the last thing your remember about your night! Seriously ... Drink it slow and make it last..keep your football and get a refill the next night.. Don't ever get the upgraded version with extra shots.. You'll be sorry! love the blonde who works in the back..she has been there for years and remembers me everytime we come to Vegas..
ELVIS!!! well the slot machines. i love this place. their machines pay out coins. you can put coins in them as well. i love the sound of cashing out and hearing the coins. they have raffles every half hour.i always have a great time here.
Located in Downtown Las Vegas on the Freemont Street Experience, this is a small slot machine only casino with a bar in the back that has quite a variety of frozen drinks in big souvenir glasses. Two very festively dressed women  stand outside handing out beads and entries to the hourly drawing for one thousand bucks, not bad, stop by get some beads and a chance at a grand! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've got a long story behind it.  To make it short, the yard long frozen drinks with the extra shot for a dollar caused me to get married on the fly. And actually the second one I had a WELL-POURED extra shot of Bacardi 151, almost filled up the entire bowl in the bottom of the yard long!!  The county almost wouldn't give us a marriage license!!  But that was nearly 7 years ago, and eveyrthing has worked out really well.  I do remember the place being very fun and crazy for a "shotgun" dive casino.  We'll go back next time we're in Vegas, not only for the memories, but alos because it was just plain fun here.
It's a small dive casino in the downtown area. It is a shot gun style (almost like most dive bars) with Slots only. They have these women outside dressed in Mardi Gras colors handing out beads when you walk in. They also give you a raffle ticket for a drawing. Something like $10,000 or what not. IDK think anyone ever wins those. It's a little dingy on the inside...but go to the back they sell those HUGE drinks with lots of booze in them for pretty cheap. 

Be warned!! The bathrooms are something out of TJ Mexico and there are no tables to play cards on. 

meh. It's okay. I'm sure we will stumble into this place for one of those drinks again.
We absolutely love this place! This has become our "meetup" spot downtown. It's a fun little dive. They give out beads and have raffles. They sell cool beads in the back and make awesome HUGE drinks in yards and footballs. They also have some old slots that you can't find very often, and the slots are fairly loose. We always win a bit of cash there. A small downside is that the slots are old school without tickets. They drop a ton of nickels if you win. It's minor though and actually kind of fun.

It's not fancy, it's just fun! Go!!!
Good strong drinks!  That is all and that makes me a fan.  A total dive.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.
I love this little dive! 

A huge upside is the slots are old school. They drop a ton of nickels when you win. It's a huge bonus that makes it fun. The drinks are, as others have stated, excellent and alone worth coming in. 

There is not much to say about La Bayou that hasn't been said so give it a shot, this is the real thing.

There is a 96% chance I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
get the extra shot!!!! I love this place play some pennies get lots of drinks the best place to start your downtown adventure!
I love this place. The machines are fun and the coin aspect is a nice perk. The cocktail server is AWESOME! They are super quick and attentive! I always tip them well. You should too! You won't regret it!
Seedy spot for $1 daiquiris and yard mixed drinks. Prices aren't bad, so it's a good place for tourists. I've never gone when there wasn't a line, but it moves pretty quickly. Make sure to grab your free beads on the way in. Also one of the last places around where you can find slot machines that actually pay out and take coins.
I had blast here last week! My boyfriend and I played penny slots for not even 5 minutes before someone came and offered us a drink! They give you beads on your way in and they have a raffle every few minutes for a cash prize. The waitresses were sweet, drinks were strong, and the games were fun!
What a terrible dump! And why haven't I been here before???

I skipped out on the mardi gras beads on my way in - have more than enough at home. I did, however, accept the coupon for the buck off the BIG daiquiri. BIG. As in 48 ounces!

I wasn't driving, was with a group of people I have no qualms trusting my life with and face it - sometimes 48 ounces of liquid "I don't give a shit" are just what ya need! And when I decided to pay homage to the "I don't give a shit" days of NOLA is when I started having a blast.

That - and the look on a friend's face when he cashed about $300 from the slot he was playing and it paid in nickels! Got used used to the paper ticket - having any coin drop is a throwback...but NICKELS? Wasn't even a nickel slot...so the look on his face was classic.

Yay - I will totally be back!
FANTASTIC. Does not pretend to be anything more than what it is. The back bar is where its at, huge strong drink for 16 dollars, with a shot of ever clear for an extra 3. Worked like a charm. And they pay in coins! Brilliant
We came to town on Valentine's Day to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-Day).  Sadly, the drive from L.A. was more hellish than usual and we got to our condo so late that we skipped out on driving to Fremont.  (however, we did find Ellis Island nearby and enjoyed that for what it is! see my review)

I really wanted to make sure my sons went down to Fremont where I knew we'd end up in Bayou so we came Sunday after breakfast (Omelette House- divine!) .  I've been here before (of course, back in 2001 I think the daiquiris were about 1/3 the price!).  I really don't enjoy gambling, but I do like to sit at a REAL coin-op slot machine and pull the arm of the one-armed bandit with my own hand.  There is something very satisfying about plunking coins in and hearing your winnings clink into the tray.  A classic Vegas experience that is hard to come-by today. 

I truly hope they NEVER get rid of those machines!  

It's a friendly place and a must-visit stop on Fremont.  We had a blast and were only sorry that we couldn't come at night and get they whole "Experience!"   We will be back!

*note to self:  The drinks are stronger than they look.  
We got the hurricane, white Russian, and mud slide flavors and enjoyed them all.  I think I liked my son's white Russian best because it tasted like vanilla ice cream.  YUM!
Located on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas.

This casino's still got quarters that actually fall out of the machines with buckets and all that! None of that ticket redemption hoopla.  It was pretty cool seeing these kinds of machines still, but kind of a pain in the ass at the same time because I've been spoiled with just redeeming tickets and not having to get all down and dirty to collect my money.

Tiny casino. Got just a few rows of slot machines but these slots did seem a bit looser than the ones on the Strip.
Probably the last casino that uses coins still. It's nice to hear the clinking and reminiscing about those plastic tubs for coins but I sorta like the connivence of having a paper ticket to carry around. Still it's a nice tiny hall to get your change purse out.

They give free samples of the drinks in the back. They put way more alcohol in the sample than what you actually get though. I had the pina colada and it has just enough to make me tipsy. But I'm a lightweight.
Owned and operated by the same people who own Mermaids. You can tell as soon as you walk in the door. No tables, nothing fancy, machines pay out in coins. This is what Mermaids USE TO BE. I guess they took their best staff and send them here. Really friendly, and the facilities were a lot cleaner than Mermaids. Next time I'm in town and skip my usual Mermaids trip and just come straight here.
It's still as divey as ever here at La Bayou Casino.  It's run down, cramped and there's dusty stuff all over the walls and ceilings.  God knows I love this place!  It's one of the coolest places in downtown Vegas and they always get my business.

Most casinos these days only offer you free drinks when you are playing the $1 slots or better.  Seriously.  But here?  I walked up, got some Mardi Gras beads and before I could sit down they asked me what I wanted to drink.  I hadn't gotten half way done and she are offering me another drink.  These ladies usually come by about once every 10 minutes so drink fast and get your moneys worth.  By the way, these aren't pussy drinks either - you can taste the alcohol.

Their slot machines are usually pretty loose (not this time but usually).  The machines are retro coin payers so don't be looking for slots with tie ins to the latest movies or TV shows and be sure to have a cup or two handy for your big win.

Like I said before, I'm still loving Barbara (manager) and Mary Ellen (cashier).  They are part of the experience and if they leave, the place just won't be the same.

Man I want to go back there right now.
If you are in Vegas, YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!

This was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Vegas. La Bayou offers REAL nickel slots, frozen daiquiris, FREE drinks (if you are gambling, but it's nickel slots), and a dive-bar atmosphere. Upon arriving you are greeted by two ladies dresses in traditional vegas show girl feathers who hand out beads to customers. The beads really add to the kitsch environment of Fremont Street and La Bayou. You are also handed a lottery ticket to enter to win up to $10,000, which was another source of free entertainment. 

The machines themselves work very well and it was so much fun playing actual coins and seeing them clink into the coin return tray. The waitresses were very attentive and friendly( Remember to TIP). I never had to worry about asking for another drink and the drinks were STRONG. 

La Bayou is a great time for the non-serious gambler who wants to enjoy their time in Vegas with cheesy promotions, strong drinks and a taste of whats left of old school Vegas. It's just a good time all around!
Small casino, but for a great deal on lunch/dinner ask for the 4.95 steak dinner special... comes with soup or salad. Not bad for 5 bucks!

Update: now the steak dinner comes with beer (or root beer) for $7 bucks!
This review is for the lounge and karaoke - and by God the money I forked out that night singing and getting drunk was the best $10 I've spent in a long time.  Yep folks.  Cheap drinks, karaoke, and a strange mix of humanity made for some excellent entertainment.  

The people-watching in here is priceless.  Someone at the next table screamed "Git er done" at the stage, and it wasn't even a country song.

We came here on a whim off a tip from the fabulous barfolk at the Wynn.  Definitely coming back.
One of my favorites, I love this place.  Been going here for years and when friends and family come to town we head to Ellis Island.   The steak special is fabulous for $4.95, I always order a salad with mine and I love the fact they add enough dressing to cover the whole salad.  I usually play the Keno machine and have won twice 8 out of 9 in the last few months.
If you sign up for a players card, you get coupons in the mail every month for the meals 2 for 1, plus checks.  
If your looking for a good price, down to earth fun this is the place to go.
Go there for the food its sooo good its not even funny, and the prices are even better, try the steak (aprox $4.99) of prime rib special (aprox $7.99) (they are not on the menu, so you have to ask for them), the draft beer there is really good too and its $1.50 per glass, so its a great deal, just dont try to walk from the strip because after a big meal I dont think its a good idea. Believe me, ive been to vegas like 10 times and not once have I missed dinner at Ellis (remember its open 24 hrs, and the specials are available also 24 hrs a day)
A beautiful, tender, plump, and juicy top sirloin, grilled (or warmed, if you're me) to your liking, served with garlic mashed potatoes (if you don't like gravy tell 'em so 'cuz they load it up here) and a veggie, all for $4.95? Yes, please.

The mashed potatoes rock, but they generally serve this plate with those green beans you can tie in a knot and they don't break, but they have no problem giving you a substitute. I always opt for corn, because you can't really mess that up. But, the taters 'n veggies don't really matter here, people. It's the steak. It's a bargain deal, and it's actually quite good.

They have a lot of other good stuff on the menu, too, like sammiches, chicken fried steak 'n eggs, a teriyaki grilled chicken breast, all reasonably priced. The service is, well, they take your order and bring you your food when it's ready. But that's just fine with me.

And don't forget to order one of EI's beers from the center bar -- they're only a buck.

The menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/EImenu.pdf
+1 for me about the great value of the food. Not only the value, but the food itself tastes great. The only place I really think about when people ask me what we should eat while out in Vegas. The only thing I really don't like is the small dining area which causes a long waiting time to be seated. This is one of those few places I would gladly wait for however.

The casino itself is pretty drab and doesn't compare at all to anything on the strip, but that's not why I go there.
This is a review for the Ellis Island restaurant. 
10oz steak, two eggs, potatoes and toast ALL for $3.50 !!  Best breakfast I have had in a long time. This is easily the best deal you can get anywhere on or off the strip. The gaming is pretty low priced too but, I came here strictly for the breakfast due to all the good reviews on Yelp. I will definitely be back here again on my next trip to Vegas.
This is a great place to get cheap drinks before a night at the club because it's also close to the strip.  Beers are only $1.50!  Shots aren't much more either.  The house brew tastes pretty good.  The casino, however, is really small.  That could be a good thing or not depending on if you like to gamble.  I hear the food in the cafe/karaoke area is really good for the price.  The pizza place they have isn't the greatest, but it's not bad if you feel like a quick eat.
$5 steak is really a $40 steak. stupid blackjack tables.
My first 4 stars.  Only because I lost $50 on the slot machines... but, maybe I'm just a little bitter.  However, you can't beat $1 Hefe Weiss beer and $5 for a huge, scrumptious chicken (or steak) meal.  Word to the wise, avoid the Wheel of Fortune slot machine.  :)
Holy Crap! $5 steak entrees and $1 microbrews are served up here year round!!!

For that price in a town like Vegas, there is very little I can really complain about. The steak was decent (meaning I wasn't running to the bathroom soon after) and the beers are easy drinking. 

Here is where you'll bump into the locals and thrifty travelers. Upon entering, please don't mind the smoke and small-town atmosphere...it's all part of this place's charm.
When it comes to food, you can find it all in Vegas and for a super cheap price.  At Ellis Island, enter the casino and turn left and head straight for the tiny 20 person maximum occupancy restaurant where they serve BBQ ribs & chicken after 4PM.  It's good, it's plenty... and best of all, it's cheap!  

There's often a wait of 45-60 minutes, but I believe the wait period is their way of getting you to gamble.  

The beer isn't so bad too, for the price you pay!  Actually mine was free, since someone bought mine, but I think it was only $2 for a tall Hef.  I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll leave the opinion of the taste and quality to a person with more experience and knowledge of what a good beer should taste like... for someone who doesn't drink beer often, I finished mine and was totally satisfied.
$2 beers at the center bar. $1 craps and blackjack and super cheap food. The karaoke is a bit obnoxious but what can you expect from a locals dive casino. Service is a little slow but you can pass the time by watching the characters that frequent this dump.
Tried to get into the restaurant with the $5 steak twice, but there was a 45+ min wait each time. Instead, we settled for the BBQ restaurant, and we weren't disappointed. A ginormous plate of 1/2 rack of ribs, 1/2 chicken, coleslaw, beans, and toast cost only $10. It kept me full for the whole day, as I didn't have any other meal that day! I eat A LOT too. When we asked for the check, our server even hooked it up with the players club rate, so it was only $7! It could have easily cost $20 anywhere else. Best bargain in Vegas.
Its definitely a big old piece of crap looking place, full of smoke and stink... but the food is delicious, and amazingly cheap.. I cant see how they make any money off of this place.  My hubby got a salad, bread, steak and mashed potatoes for 5 bucks.   

We expected the steak to be diner-quality .. It was actually pretty good!  The mashed potatoes were awesome too.  I decided to try something different, and got some pasta dish.  It was HUGE!!  way too big to finish.  We didn't wanna lug around leftovers, so we threw quite a bit out.  

The service and the ambiance were terrible, but well worth it for the food and the price.  Don't skip over Ellis Island next time you go to Vegas!!
This place is the cheapest place ever! The steak special is only $5 and they hook it up! Be aware though, if you ask for medium rare, it is towards the rare side than the medium. The waiter was totally nice and gave us free salads. The root beer is really delicious and food was good. Less than $20 for two, I must say it was definitely a place to go to when you're poor! Way better than top of the world at stratosphere!
Ok seriously you cannot beat a $4.95 steak special....it comes with soup or salad, a nice cut of meat, greens beans and mashed potatoes!    totally worth it!!!  took my family and aunt and uncle here they all loved it!!!

Gotta try to full rack of ribs and beer in da Brewery for 10 Bucks!!!!

Best deal in VEGAS!!!

AAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUURRRRRRIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One thing I just have to note for people going there is that every other Monday after 9pm, the restaurant has a "limited menu" cuz they're cleaning up the kitchen or whatever.  Its a pretty limited menu consisting of $11 prime rib and $5 breakfast plates along with turkey and roast beef sandwiches.  No $5 special.  So call ahead if you're going on a Monday.

Any other day is great though.  I usually like to play blackjack til I get $20 to pay for dinner and drinks for me and the wife!
Ellis Island... can I get a *woot*woot*!

Another Vegas favorite.

Karaoke 7 days a week.  The kind of karaoke that reminds you of that movie Salton Sea when Danny and Jimmy were in the dive bar and an old man in the in the wheelchair is singing 'Sweet Jane' and no one's paying him any attention.

The drinks are dirt cheap.  Round of drinks for 6 people, $14.  Yes $14.  Microbrew beer (yum), $1.50.  Jack Daniels $2.50.  Are you kidding me?  No ma'am, I'm not.
Smokey room. Relatively dark casino. Old people. Haggard people and  few youngin's hangin' round.

I had 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes and 2 pieces of toast for $3.99. Not only was it cheap but you get 4 pieces of big bacon!! Soooooo much of deal it's hard to imagine!

If you're an outdoor lover... or if you're aching to see something besides the inside of a casino, don't come here.

Otherwise, this is  great cheap breakfast that will fill you up and put you back to bed.
You know how the casinos all have their own hotels and themes or whatnot, well, Ellis Island has Motel 8. Their theme? "Run-down."

NOW WHAT? They're keeping it R-E-A-L like J. Lo for reals. They're still they're still Ellis from the block.

The $5 steak dinner is now $6.99 but comes with a free beer (or root beer - AMAZING). At night, you WILL have to wait 1-2 hours for a seat, but you can take a number and then do some gambling, or go in the bar and sing karaoke (at the #1 karaoke spot in Las Vegas??) and/or get your drank on.

There's also the AMAZING barbecue ribs restaurant adjacent to the karaoke bar/regular restaurant, and for under $10, you can get a HUGE half-rack of the most tender, juicy, flavorful, smoky, wonderful, meat-filled heavenly blessed BBQ rib EVAR.

It is worth walking the 2 loooong looooong looooooooong desolate and construction-esque Las Vegas blocks (equivalent to 3-5 regular city blocks) in stifling heat to go to this casino. It's like the poor forsaken old Downtown Las Vegas, but only 2 loooong looooong looooooooong blocks away from the shiny It-Child Las Vegas Strip.

$1 single deck , $5 multiple deck black jack,  on the weekend daytimes (increases at around 4-5 pm) but WAY cheaper than the big ones on the Strip. They only have 2-3 blackjack tables though.

$1 roulette in the evenings, etc. Only 1 roulette table though.

More Useful Things:

If you become a club member, make sure to ask them for a freebie! They have nice stuff - t-shirt, shot glasses, mugs, etc.

Save your place mat from the restaurant - it'll give you an extra $5 down for 1 blackjack play! (But for some reason, EVERYONE who uses this always loses the particular round... Very peculiar indeed)

If you sign up to sing for Karaoke, pass the time by playing some of the slot machines near the bar - or you might just miss your name being called!!!!!!

5 stars for the Filipino dealer whose name tag says she's from "Mexico" because she taught me the ins and outs and crazy intricacies and complex algorithmic nuances of ... ~*~Blackjack~*~
We waited 1 hour to get seated and after we did the service was really bad, food was horrible! Not recommended at all!
I had to rewrite the review for this place after our last visit because a lot has changed. So we've been coming to Vegas a lot this year and basically, this is a place we return to time after time again. If you've lost all your money gambling, or have spent WAY too much eating on the strip, then this place will feed you for mere pennies.

The $4.95 10oz sirloin steak dinner is not available any longer. That is such a bummer. In its place is the filet mignon dinner for $6.99 and comes with the same stuff as the sirloin dinner did: soup OR salad, a side of veggies and your choice of baked potato, fries or rice pilaf. It's still a fantastic deal, but I must say, I much prefer the sirloin over the mignon. Filet mignon is just not a cut I usually like because it lacks flavor IMO.

For breakfast, you can get the steak and eggs special which is now still under 4 bucks and that piece of steak is a NY strip. This is a delicious alternative to the $6.99 steak dinner option if you like that cut of meat.

Gone are also the buck 99 breakfast specials. I'm guessing that the cheapo meals they were dishing out were losing them money and now, they've had to raise their prices a few bucks in order for them to make a profit. However, the pancake breakfast special at $4.99 comes with 2 huge pancakes, 2 eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage (which used to be around a buck 99). A side of bacon or sausage is still $1.99 which is cheap compared to other places which charges about 4 bucks for the same thing.

It's still one of the best bargains in Vegas. If you don't get a drink it will keep your costs way under for a meal which is going to not only be satisfying, but will make you wonder why in the hell they charge so much on the strip for the same stuff.

These days when I go to Ellis Island for my steaks I bring my portable sea salt dispenser with me. They don't season their steaks and all they have is table salt or A1 steak sauce. These steaks are good enough to eat with just a sprinkle of salt, but don't ruin them with plain ole table salt!!! The meat here was far better in quality when served rare than the kobe beef tataki I had at Shibuya where I paid an arm and a leg for my meal. Go figure!!

PS: Now that the mignon is a far thicker cut than the sirloin ever was, make sure you order it more well done than you like. My medium came out rare, but it's a hit and miss because the one I had yesterday was done just right (yes.... I went there 2 days in a row for the steak dinner).
This is a 5 star dive.  I would probably take away a star or two if I had to eat inside because of the smoke, but eating outside on the patio, heck yeah it gets 5 stars.  And they have both kinds of BBQ - ribs AND chicken.  A huge platter of both for $11.99!   Best deal in Vegas!

AND!  If you get a players club it's even cheaper!  

Plus?  The boys love it when you return to The Strip covered in BBQ sauce.

Gotta go finish my leftovers....
This is a bit of a belated review - we dined at Ellis Island last month.

The casino itself is kind of depressing.  It reminded me of a Lucky Lil's (a casino/convenience store chain) that you would find in rural Montana.  Or maybe a older, run down, tribal-owned casino somewhere in the Midwest.  I don't know - just depressing.

The walk from Bally's was long and hellish (yes, I'm talking to you, mentally unstable guy talking loudly to yourself), but we thought we'd walk a bit to build up an appetite.

We also saw some poor bastard drive his car over an abutment right in front of one of Las Vegas' finest.  He ripped up the undercarriage of his car AND got a Dewey.  Daily double!

I was about ready to abort the visit when I smelled the ribs.  Oh.  My.  God.  Those ribs smelled awfully good.  Unfortunately it was too cold to dine outside, so we found a table inside (which was...depressing).

The ribs were pretty much outstanding, the beer was cheap, and our party of two got out of there for $32 (includes $8 tip).   Cheap.  The ribs had a lot of sauce on them, much of which I was wearing for the rest of the evening.

It's worth the trip if you like cheap and good food.  I don't mind lower end places ---  I usually stay on Fremont, for God's sake!  I just didn't care for the atmosphere here.  Just me, I guess.
DUMP!!!!

I wanted to like this place. I really really really did. Given the rave reviews about this place, I was really excited to check it out, but I did keep my expectations realistic.

This place was really close to our timeshare and it was a 5 minute walk (in the Vegas cold cold night to get there). I was excited to see the $6.99 steak special.

Stepping in, this place had that dive seedy feel to it. Got our table at 4am and wanted to eat. So me and my 4 friends ordered (I got the steak special that was supposed to come with a beer), and it took 20 minutes for our salad and soup to get off. Seriously?? 20 minutes? How hard is it to ladle in some soup into a bowl, throw some salad onto a plate and bring it out? OK fine, so 20 minutes, we thought well hopefully our dinners will come out a little faster. Oh noooo, that was not the case. Another 30 minutes of staring down the waiter and asking him to follow up on our orders (and it wasn't even busy that night, he was waiting 4 tables) and the food finally arrived. We were famished so we all decided to dive into our food. Low and behold, the food was COLD!! Like cold cold! Rubber cold eggs. My medium steak was so overcooked, I thought I was chewing cardboard. We all had maybe 5 bites of our food and we just gave up. I really wanted to run into the kitchen to check on my suspicions of the chef being a one armed, drunk, retard.

Worse thing (well personally). They charged me for my beer that was supposed to be included in the special. I mean, it was just $1.50, but if you advertise the free beer with the special, then you should honor it. I was too fed up to deal with this place to argue the case. In the end, I paid 10 bucks and I felt like if I would have flushed that 10 bucks down the toilet, it would have been more fulfilling. The bill came to be $35.60 bucks or so, and we left $36 and got the hell out. 

We weren't the only ones that were complaining that night. Some people were sat at a table and no waiter came by for 20 minutes. They just left. The guys next to us were bitching about the same things we were. Another table straight up skipped out after a waiting.

So we weren't the ones frustrated with this place. That $6.99 thing must be the only thing they have to lure customers in, otherwise I don't know why anyone would ever come here, because I know I'm not coming back. Not even on a drunk hunger driving night in Vegas.

1.5 stars, I'll give the .5 star to appease those who swear by this place.

DUMP!!!!
according to the Las Vegas Review Journal, Ellis won the Best Steak 24/7 category...

def a dive...
just ate there this past weekend....
and they had a steak breakfast special for $3.99!!!....
absolutely spectacular!....
the steak was delicious....not over-cooked...
the eggs, potatoes, toast were basic...but def a strong supporting cast....

I would have given them 5 stars but the place smells like your uncle's couch....the uncle who chain-smoked pall malls, 3 packs a day...
and the clientele is more than a little suspect....
we sat next to this lady who just grabbed our bottle of ketchup before askin'....
CLASSY!!!....

small price to pay for superb cheap cuisine...

I'm comin' back to see whats up with the brewery....another category that they excel at....
BEST RIBS EVER!!!! its so cheap...like less than $15 for a whole rack with corn , cole slaw , toast and more!!! Everytime I got to vegas, I gotta hit that joint up at least once!!!
Ellis Island has been selected as "Best Slot Club," "Best Karoke," and "Best Microbrewery" by the Las Vegas Review-Journal for 2007. For 2008, I would like to nominate them for "Best Bang For Your Buck Restaurant." Does that category exist? No? Too bad, I'm making it happen.

An Enterprise Rent-A-Car employee at the nearby Westin Casuarina Hotel suggested that we go to Ellis Island when we asked her for a place to eat. It was just half a block down. Upon entering, I was enveloped with cigarette smoke. I hate the smell of cigarettes and all of its carcinogenic qualities. That was a very bad first impression. However, that was the only bad impression that this place left on me.

We went to their restaurant area and I almost couldn't believe my eyes when our waiter handed us the menus. Everything on the menu was incredibly cheap! I had never seen so many items on a menu that were below $10 before! But then my instincts kicked in and wondered if the price fit the quality of the food. "You get what you pay for" has always been my philosophy with anything you can buy. I was hoping they would give me the benefit of the doubt.

It was mid-morning so I decided to order their Ellis Island Classic Omelet with ham. I got it with bacon and it also came with toast and potato...potato...errrr..."silver dollar potatoes." That's the best way I can describe them. What can I say...they shut me up. The breakfast was surprisingly tasty and fulfilling! The omelet wasn't overcooked and was filled with chopped ham. It was the best $5.99 I've spent, that's for sure! Oh, and how could I have almost forgotten about their orange juice.

"What? WTF is so awesome about orange juice?"

Baby, this orange juice was the shiiiiiiiit!!! It's totally fresh squeezed, homey!! But if it wasn't really fresh squeezed, I'd like to thank Tropicana for making some damn good OJ!! Get the large OJ, you won't regret it.

Come here if you're on a budget and want good food. The next time I'm in Vegas, I gotta come here again and try out their steak and eggs that almost every Yelper has praised here.
If you're looking for a great blue collar brew pub that's cheap and right off the strip, then you'll want to go here!  

Don't expect too much, and you'll be very happy!  Ellis Island is a throwback to old Vegas when food, gambling, and beer was cheap!!(both in price and a little in quality) 

If you take the monorail over to Bally's it's just a short walk down Flamingo and you'll see it right there.  (Note:  Even though there was quite a bit of traffic to and from Bally's, the area of town is a little sketchy, so I wouldn't recommend walking by yourself.  Stick to a group)  

The place was very busy with tourists and locals alike.  Definitely a great hole in the wall place.  We had to wait about 45 minutes to get a table, but if you bring some bucks, its a good excuse to gamble and get free micro-brews (don't forget to tip your waitresses!).  The food was pretty decent and the price was unbeatable!  

If you're looking to get away from the strip environment of paying $15 for a hamburger or $25 for an "Apple-tini", while surrounded by stupid-ass drunk Paris Hilton wannabees from So-Cal...then check out the "other side" of Vegas at Ellis Island.
I ordered a sandwich here and it wasn't very good. They also didn't have honey mustard which is just an outrage.
they have a great $6.99 filet mignon dinner including soup or salad AND a root beer

the root beer is really good here
the salad was fairly large and even had a couple cherry tomatoes and a couple strips of carrot
they also have awesome steak fries
my filet was overcooked even though i asked for medium, but it was still ok.. they should serve it with steak sauce though.. it could've used some. 

you really get a lot for your money here, i saw full breakfast meals starting at only $2.99 

+ good food at great prices
- uncomfortable dining chairs
This place is my favorite dive in Las Vegas and this is where you will find the best $6.99 steak dinner on the planet. It is not on the menu so you have to ask for it. Here is what you will get:

10 oz. filet cut steak (not a filet mignon, but decent quality and always perfectly cooked.)

Baked Potato with butter and sour cream (always perfect and creamy)

Green beans (fresh, not from a can, and cooked perfectly)

Bowl of dressing with a dinner salad somewhere underneath  (standard coffee shop dinner salad with one cherry tomato and one carrot stick...ask for dressing on the side unless you really like dressing)

One glass of their microbrew beer (or you can have a soft drink, but this is Vegas after all.)

This deal used to be $4.99 without a beverage. They raised the price and added the beer. It still is the my favorite steak dinner deal in Vegas. The place looks kind of sketchy but it is a clean, locals kind of place.

If you go after 9:00 pm you can hear the karaoke from the cocktail lounge which is right next to the coffee shop. Suddenly it is $6.99 for dinner and a show...cha ching! Expect a wait no matter what time you show up.
This place is a hidden treasure in LV.  Not one of the corporate, charge you up the ass for a bottle of beer places that seem to dominate the strip.  

First, this is a little microbrewery, and the bar sells pints for $1.  If that isn't enough reason to trek there...well, you're probably reading the wrong review.

Second, they have single deck blackjack.  As an old school gambler/money loser, I truly admire this.  I think I won about $20 on a $1 bet before I went back to my girlfriend at the bar.

I've not eaten the food here, but based on the other reviews, I totally intend to next time we're here.
My husband and I love this place.  $1 beer....and it's good too!  This place is a total dive, but it a great dive.  The food is good....traditional american food.  We also made some money playing the Twighlight Zone slots.  Next time we head to Vegas we will come back and try the pizza and barbecue.
Interesting place, that Ellis Island.  I've lived here three years and finally went to the Ellis Island tonight... it's apparently a locals place, so I don't know how I've lived here that long and haven't been here.  Beers were $1 at the bar which rules, and they had some sort of Hefeweizen that tasted good to me.  Then we ate some food, and my meal was $3.99 for a decent steak, eggs, potatoes, and toast.  Not bad.  They had karaoke going, but the place was packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we passed.  Definitely good deals at this place, and a lot of people, but the staff left something to be desired.  Just not the friendliest bunch, ya know?  I won't be rushing back to Ellis Island, but I definitely won't be so weary of it the next time I get an invite.
For your consideration: My Ellis Island Review

There's so many things I could say about this place, some good, some bad...but the one thing that stands out the most was of course...THE PRICE!  When I told my tired, hungry, and semi-broke friends about the cheap 6.99 off-the-menu steak, they jumped at the chance to check it out.  Of course, with our luck, we had to walk in the rain from the Venetian and jump over puddles of  gunk before we reached our destination.  But nothing was going to stop my friends from their meat, no siree!  

At first my buddies appeared to be a bit skeptical of the place because it was dark and dingy and everyone who worked there look about ready to retire.  But that was besides the point!  We were there to be fed and my goodness, we were stuffed after our godly meal.  For about $9 a person, we got a 10 oz. steak, two sides, a beer (I opt for the root beer *tee hee*), and either soup or salad.  Their cream of broccoli soup is the best I've ever, ever had...mmm mmm mmm!  Downside, we had to wait about an hour before we were seated (we were told it was going to take 40 minutes *grrr*) and even after we were, the waiter took his sweet time before he came to our table.  At some point, I waved at him to get his attention and to my surprise he just simply waved back at me and went to another table. O_O  Oh well, all was forgiven after he brought me my soup.  

All in all, I highly recommend this place because their food was delicious and cheap.  The only reason for the -1 star was because we had to wait longer than expected to be seated and service was on the slow side.  Nonetheless, everyone who worked there was really nice and I'd totally go back there.  Their price may be dirt cheap, but their food was better than some 4 star restaurants I've been to...no joke.  Yay for Ellis Island!!!
This place is bomb!

The amount of food you get and for the price is outstanding. The food even tastes good. I must admit though, when we were first walked in I was extremely skeptical because it looked more like shady Vegas than on the strip Vegas.

I've been there four times and each time I go, I always get the prime rib dinner. You can't go wrong with it and the cooks are fairly good about meat temps there. I'd definitely say get the soup b/c the salads are whatevers.
Having enjoyed many of LV's entertainment options in all the usual touristy areas, I grew curious about some of the off-the-beaten-path gems that I might be missing. The "Best of" polls in the local newspaper mentioned Ellis Island several times, so I figured I had better check it out. 

Walking in, I could tell immediately that this was not the sanitized-for-tourists Las Vegas I was already acquainted with. Ellis Island was old and smoky as all hell. I stepped up to the bar to order a beer, where a lone bartender appeared to be serving everyone in the entire casino at his own leisurely pace. I waited for several long minutes before being acknowledged by the bartender, who told me that walk-up service was on the other side of the bar. The allure wore off quickly, as after swinging around, I waited for literally another ten minutes before placing my order. The only beers on tap were the ones brewed in house, and I ended up with an Ellis Island "Dark" and an "Amber," both of which were good buys for a dollar but otherwise unexceptional. Drinks in hand, I looked for a table at which to gamble, but there was no craps at the time and the only active blackjack table was full. I gave up. 

In its defense, locals probably don't want to deal with the hassle and expense of the Strip. Ellis Island is accessible, and though I didn't eat here, the prices did look pretty great. However, the service was abysmal.  As a fan of good beer, I would have liked to sample the other brews to find a stand-out, but it would have taken far too long. Oh well.
Dear Hubby and I really like this inconspicuous little place for its steak dinner special.  It comes w/ a 10 oz sirlion, cut like a filet, green beans and choice of potatoes.  It used to be $4.95 for the dinner, but recently it has been $6.95 w/ choice of their microbrewery beer or root beer.  Still a great deal for a nice steak.

It doesn't hurt that the slot playing while we're waiting for a table is more than fair and I usually come out ahead.

On our most recent visit, we found out about their breakfast special from 11 PM to 11 AM.  Steak and eggs for $3.99 which can't be beat.
Dude... don't come here for the ambiance. It's a piece of sh** restaurant if you ask me. Come for the cheap dinner prices. It's not really for the tourists, but more for the locals. We stumbled upon this place somehow, and became part of the "in the know" crowd.

The STEAK dinner. I haven't been here for a couple years, but when we were here the sirloin steak meal was like $5, but don't be a cheapskate, and splurge the extra couple bucks to get the prime rib steak meal, okay? It's about $7or $8 big ones, hot shot. I think it even comes with a free root beer. 

Five stars for offering such affordable eats in an overpriced city such as Vegas.
Dive...deeper...deeper...deeper.

There ya are and if you can appreciate a decent, cheap meal, you have found your Vegas destination. 

Yes, the tiny casino with low ceilings has a "smoking problem". It is the reason I give my fave dive only 4 stars. I'm just sensitive to cigarette smoke.

Do I still go almost every single time I'm there? Heck yes! 

Like all of the positive reviewers state, go early or late, but if you go on a Friday or Saturday night at dinner time, plan to wait...a long while!

I think the only other place that I've been to in Vegas with this sort of good & cheap kibble would be Arizona Charlies.

I have ordered the steak and eggs from both establishments and enjoyed both places so much, that I've been known to return the next day for the same.
Go, just go.  

Go when you arrive (before you check into your hotel) and when you're in the middle of the trip (when you're drunk and broke) and at the end of the trip (when you're sober and still broke).  

The steak special is NOT on the menu but it rocks!  I LOVE GREEN BEANS!  I also love the fact that I was there one night and chowing down on a huge chunk of beef and some old man and his wife come up to my table and say "we own a cattle ranch and we'd just like to thank you beautiful young ladies for eating beef and supporting us."  Then they bought our dinner for us and a round of drinks.  It rocked!  

But yah, the special.  Steak.  Green Beans.  Salad.  Rolls.  Baked Potato or Steak Fries.  BEER!  

Jeez.  I could move to Vegas for this place.
My cousin and I came here for breakfast after a night of gambling and clubbing, needless to say the wallets were hurting so the price was just right. We each had corned beef and eggs for breakfast, fresh orange juice and desert for $20 between the both of us. You can't beat that. The food isn't gourmet, but does it matter what the food tastes like when you're hung over (I wasn't and it tasted alright)?
Never really had much time for gambling, but luckily the Ellis Island has one of the pubbiest bars in Vegas, along with a selection of their own brews. The food is basic but cheap and plentiful, and while the beer isn't always absolutely top-notch, at $1 a glass it's very hard to argue against it!
OMG I already reviewed this place, but I have to tell rib lovers to try this place if you already have not tried it. It is the best value and quality rib meal ever!! The wait is really long, but it was well worth it!
This last time I went to Vegas it was a budget trip (I was going to visit my brother and not spend my savings) and Ellis Island fit the bill perfectly.

The place is a dive, it's on the outskirts of the strip, it's old with low ceilings and the casino smells smokier than most. My first reaction upon my arrival was "uhhhh" with some mild hesitance.  It's definitely a locals hangout and everyone seems to be over the age of 50. Save that, this place is great.

$1 house beers, ambers, lagers, hefweizen and rootbeer. The root beer is amazing. Not too sweet, just enough carbonation and smooth. I know who knew rootbeer could be so good? The beers are also more than decent and blow PBR away and the best part is that they're a $1 and they're draft. I'm in love with the root beer so I tend to get that.

I had a prime rib dinner and the chicken fried steak. Both were excellent for the price. $11.99 for the prime rib dinner which came with a salad and sides. Okay it's not the BEST prime rib you'll ever have, but for $12, it blows all the other budget steak dinners on the strip away, it also comes with a free beer! $7.99 for the chicken fried steak was yummy, gravy was spot on and the meat was well seasoned and soooo tender. 

I would have eaten their BBQ but the line was too long. even though I hear good things. If you sign up for the Player's Club you get $3-4 off on the BBQ. Best part is that the place is open 24/7 sans BBQ.
Yet another one I wanted to try from reading a Vegas forum about the steak special. My brother and sister came here and the wait was long. I swear I saw plenty empty tables, but yet had people waiting for tables. 

We had wings for appetizers - Ok, nothing to rave about.
I did order the steak special - Nothing special.
My brother got some chicken parmasen with pasta.
My sister - Shoot I forgot what she got. 

I think the beers were cheap though. So, can't be mad at that!

Anyways, we all were not impressed and I got dogged on for the rest of the trip and back for choosing this place and Peppermill. So much for trying out new places.

We wanted the ribs, but we didn't know you can only get it at the bar area. We were all like damn, we should've gotten that and the wait probably wouldn't have been that long.

I want cheap eats, but I guess I still have a palate for taste! What to do!
Ellis Island is AMAZING!  If you are in Las Vegas, you have to come here for the Steak special and the cheap beer.  Seriously, don't waste your money at the expensive places in town because you're scared to try this cheap special!  The meal comes with an awesome, fresh and crisp salad.  Get the ranch dressing - it's homemade and oh so good.  The sides for the steak are garlic green beans which are amazingly tender and fresh.  And you can choose from a baked potato or mashed potatoes with gravy.  Get the mashed potatoes.  They are so good.  And the special comes with a free beer (heffeweisen).  How can you go wrong?  It's $6.99 for all that food and it's seriously 5 star meal quality food.  Granted, the atmosphere is more like 2 stars, but who cares when the food is so good and cheap?!?
Best value in Vegas! 

I heard about this place through Chowhound and I'm SO glad we took the chance to drive out of the way to try this place out. 

I was really really anxious walking into this out-of-the-way lackluster looking place, wondering if I screwed up and brought my group to a dive for a horrible meal. But they were kind and patient as they accommodated our 20 person group and every single one of us ordered the sirloin special. Our fears were gone once the food arrived. Salad/Soup, steak, potatoes, and green beans. For $5! God damn, that's a good deal. 

Was the food exceptional? No, but the steak was moist, the potatoes soft, and the green beans were flavorful and like I said, such a good deal that the food just tastes better knowing how much money you saved. 

I'd definitely recommend anyone who wants a good meal for a ridiculously good price, to try this place out.
Two words, dive casino.  Two other better words, $1.50 pints.  They served the best stout beer I've ever tasted, and I am a fan of dark beer.  If you are a fan of drinking good beer at a cheap price then you should check out Ellis Island, heck you may just gain your citizenship whilst you drink ;).
The only thing this place is good for is the 24 hour steak special at their restaurant for $6.99. It includes a sirloin steak cut like a filet with fresh garlic sauteed green beans choice potato, salad and a choice of a microbrew or fresh made rootbeer.

I really believe its one of the only bargains near the strip and the steak is really good. thats the only reason i gave it 5 stars for the steak only nothing else. the gambling there sucks. dont get lured by the low minimum tables.
This is probably the best place to pre drink before going to clubs out on the Strip.  It's not even really off the strip, just one turn and walking distance to the Strip.

My friend's friend brought us there because her opinion as a local, she thought that was the best place to pre drink if we don't have any alcohol in our hotel rooms.  The beer is cheap, shots are cheep, but there are definitly some creepy people.
What a surprise!

Theresa B. took me and my friend here to try their cheap bbq. It definitely did not disappoint! The servings were huge! 

The first time we ever came here (which was sometime last year), we were so hungry that we couldn't wait 1 1/2 hours to eat their bbq, so we ate their steak special at their other restaurant. It was alright for the price (I think it was something like $7)

But..if you really have to come here...you have to eat their bbq! Expect long waits though (at least an hr to eat here). The best time to come is right when it's open at 4pm. They have four different items on their menu:

Full rack of ribs ($12), 1/2 rack of ribs ($9), 1/2 chicken ($8), and 1/2 chicken & half a rack of ribs ($9) ---These prices are only if you have the Ellis Island Players Card. Don't forget to join, as members will save $3 per item!

WARNING: HUGE SERVINGS! I had to share my 1/2 rack or ribs & 1/2 chicken with a friend!

Each of the plates also comes with several sides: 2 corn cobs, coleslaw, baked beans, and 2 pieces of garlic bread! SO MUCH FOOD!

You cannot get a better bbq deal than this anywhere!

Btw, they also brew their own beer and root beer. The rootbeer isn't that bad either, and costs $1. Their beer is $2.50. They brew hef, red, dark, etc. 

Hours for this bbq place is 4pm to 10pm.

Remember to bring your appetite! Be careful of weird people here...
I'm not giving Ellis Island Casino five stars for its luster and chic atmosphere. I give it five stars for its "dive" and dingy appeal, unpretentiousness, great beer, even greater root beer, and reasonably priced comfort food. 

I'm a casino employee (not at E.I.) and embrace the kindheartedness of E.I.'s daily graveyard special...casino employees drink FREE from 3am-8am!!!! As if the prices of their cocktails, homemade beers, domestic/import beers weren't cheap enough (and they are)...they go ahead and give a hand out to the honest casino employees. 

Drinks are good here with an emphasis on their homemade beers. If you prefer a non-alcoholic beverage, I can reassure you many Yelpers and I will attest to their homemade root beer. It has a very nice smooth carbonation to it, with a slightly sweet and bitter taste, and classic root beer scent. 

Food at E.I.... Upon sitting down, you will be served one dinner roll per person. However, beware of ordering too much! The appetizers, salads, and entrees are huge! We ordered: 
1) Two E.I. root beers 
2) Buffalo chicken wings w/mild sauce on the side (the sauce was so tasty but the wings were a bit on the small side) 
3) Chicken Parmesan sandwich -- BF ordered this 
4) Chef salad -- me 
My salad was huge, like Cheesecake Factory salad-huge. All of the ingredients were fresh and, unlike most restaurants, they do not skimp on the julienne cuts of deli meats and cheeses. I got the 1000 Island dressing which was totally delicious. I guess it's because they make all of their dressings from scratch there. My BF's meal came with a small (normal sized) dinner salad w/a delicious French dressing. He commented that his sandwich wasn't great nor bad....just ehh. It looked like it was nestled on a ciabatta roll with a nice portion of chicken, cheese, and sauce. An older gentleman sitting near us ordered the special that night, roast pork dinner for $6.99. Oh my god, I don't think three people could've finished that plate. The food was literally piled 4-5" high! If he had a small child behind that plate, I wouldn't have known it from my point-of-view. 

Our first dining experience at E.I. was very cool and laid back. The service was good and friendly. Luckily, we arrived at about 4pm, so we were seated with no wait. As we progressed through our meal, a small crowd of people began to form. As I saw it, their staff accommodated and sat each group quite quickly. Their restaurant system seems to be a well oiled machine. 

I hesitate to recommend EVERYONE to dine here because the atmosphere is not for everyone. Because of the portions of good food, cheap drinks, and gambling the tiny casino/restaurants (yes there are two "sit down" restaurants here) tend to attract some less desirable folk. The decor of the establishment reminds one of the 70s and the air does contain smoke. You will hear hoots and hollars, slot machine rings, and depending on the time of day you may visit, karaoke. So remember these factors before you decide to dine here. This is NOT an establishment that is trying to lure you in for its luxuriousness, theme, or glamour. It's a great and reasonably priced place to get away from all of those above!
It is a hole in the wall kind of spot, but if you can deal with that you are definitely in for a deal ... their $6.99 steak special is definitely worth it - soup or salad, 10 oz. sirloin, side of green beans, mashed/baked potato or rice pilaf and a tall glass of their home brewed beer .... you can't beat that ... plus all the other things on their menu are all VERY reasonable priced ..I have yet to try their BBQ there but I hear it's some of the best 

great place to eat ... bad place to find a date
Cheapo Vegas.  Google that, and you'll find that this place is one of the highest acclaimed nearby restaurant/hotels to the strip.  People may wonder why, but it's got to be the distance and the amazingly cheap prices for food and alcohol compared to the strip.

The first time I came here was with some buddies in search of what sounded like a holy steak meal that was like a secret password door knock which only the locals knew about.  

And right when you pass by Bill's $14.99 prime rib meal dinner and you think to yourself, how can $7.99 be a good dinner.....believe me..its real

You get steak, greens, a beer for $1 upgrade, potato, what else can you ask for.  

However, in my last trip, I couldn't make it out here for the steak dinner.  Instead I came for breakfast after a drunken night at Pure.  I had the $5.99 Ellis Island Omelette with sausages, mushroom, and 2 cheeses.  It also had fried potato slices (not chips) which were a nice addiiton.  The omelette was good and with the low low price, I was very satisfied with my late night snack.
What is a trip to Vegas without paying a visit to Ellis Island? We were kinda late arriving this time around -- not breakfast time and not quite lunch time. It was kinda after lunch, but that didn't stop me from getting what I wanted. The only problem is that during the mornings they have breakfast specials and lunch time they have lunch specials -- but I wanted my usual steak and eggs and usually, they do a special for breakfast. After breakfast it's still on the menu but it's $9.99 -- still a bargain in my book.

If you just want a steak without the eggs, go for the $6.99 steak special. It's not on the menu so just ask for it. This is the best deal around as it comes with your choice of soup or salad and on the day of our visit, they had split pea and ham soup. It was so yummy the young man did not want to share it with us, so we ordered another cup to share between hubby and I.

As always the food was excellent and it won't break the bank. I did notice that the prices have gone up slightly but c'mon, there is such a thing as inflation even during times of recession, but this is THE place to go for a tasty deal.

I don't like their table salt so I always have my sea salt grinder with me. A sprinkle of sea salt onto these steaks and they're just as good as those from a steak house -- just not with the price tag and without the snootiness.
Arrgh, I made the newbie mistake of looking at the menu and seeing only the 8-oz. NY strip steak , ordered that.  It was really pitiful...they give you two peach halves, way too much cottage cheese, and the thin pathetic steak.

Found out later that what I really wanted was the unlisted "steak special."  

Well, went back another day and it...was....heavenly. And cheaper than the other lame NY strip steak on their menu.

Way to go! I would come back for this another night if my girl didn't want something else besides steak!
We were in Vegas for a week the last week of Nov. 08.  I think it's been said many times in the reviews that this place is a dive.  If you can get past that, the food is really good and cheap.  We ate many breakfasts here and one dinner plus one BBQ in the front restaurant..  Breakfasts are the best.  Dinners are good too but as the day wears on, the patrons get more and more "interesting".  We were a little worried about our car in the parking lot.  We were approached by pan handlers on two different evenings.  I love Country Ham. And the ham was so huge that it covered the entire plate of eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  I made two ham sandwiches with the toast (for later)and still had tons of ham to eat with the eggs.  My husband had the steak & eggs and raved about them every morning.  
    I want to say something about the BBQ up front.  The reason the wait is so long is because it depends on who you are.  We sat at the bar and waited for our number to be called while we watched locals come in and get seated right away.  I guess I do understand this (in a way, because they are loyal) but it doesn't seem quite fair.  My husband complained about it after waiting 1 1/2 hrs and they seated us immediately.  We weren't really impressed with the BBQ.  Maybe we were just irritated and nothing would have pleased.  We didn't go back and probably won't next trip.  BUT we will go back to the breakfast at the regular restaurant.
Starchy food central over here!

Walking distance from Bally's, about a block away, but kind of a brutal walk when you go to Vegas in the middle of the summer and it's like 110 degrees outside.  You can get a pretty bomb and fulfilling meal over here for no more than $10-$15 including tip.  This place reminds me a lot of Black Bear Diner in Gilroy with their generous proportions that help contribute to America's gluttony.  -  Great alternative from paying $30-$40 for a buffet or just picking up some fast food on the strip.  They serve toast with butter or jelly with most meals here.  And mostly everything is or at least looks good over here.  Pretty bomb place to get your grub on for breakfast or lunch I'd say.

There's usually not much of a wait over here, but you can always test your luck at some slots, craps, or black jack located right next to this diner.  The casino is pretty small, but I think they had low $5 or $10 minimum tables over here.  There's a 7 Eleven right next door too I think if my memory is that good.
I just want to confirm all the other reviews about the bbq ribs :)

this place is awesome and we always try to drop by every time we're in Vegas for the rack of ribs ( yea it's way too big for me to finish but i still like to order it HAHAH)  remember to get the player's card to get the discount.  

always come ~20 minutes before 4 if you want to beat the line, there's ALWAYS a line... the seating area is small and people like to take their time with the ribs so come early, play the cheap games and be the first group to be seated ...have a great early dinner, you won't be disappointed :)

Warning there is A LOT of food on the plate!! a full rack of ribs has two pieces of corn, two pieces of toast, a bowl of beans, and coleslaw.  -could feed 1 hungry man or two gals :)   

oh yeah the chicken is really good too but I really like the ribs.
ps. don't order the lemonade, tasted like lemon water :P
Was hungry while in vegas and came here after reading the reviews on yelp.  The 6.99 steak special was pretty filling, i wouldn't say the great was too amazing though.  Good for the price, and pretty filling.  The best part about the meal was the drink -- you have a choice of either a beer or rootbeer.  As good as beer is/can be, rootbeer is where its at.  Wow, that stuff is fresh... the rootbeer is very unique and is probably the best i ever had.  One couple thought it was so good they asked for a styrofoam cup and took some as leftovers. yum!
Not sure if the sign is still outside advertising $1 BJ, but I came for the steak special.

None of the previous reviewers are fibbing.. This place is a dive with reasonable food at GREAT prices.

I've tried it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The steak, the prime rib, the breakfast platter.. All good choices served beside a buck a beer or root beer.

Ellis Island has become a staple food source for me in the wee hours of the morning and/or upon my arrival to Sin City. It should be for you as well.
Once again, Ellis Island did not disappoint!  I introduced yet another friend to the lovely restaurant inside the casino and he really enjoyed his meal!  We went on a Sunday night so we only had to wait about 15 minutes before our party of 3 was served.  The waiter came to take our order quickly, unlike my last visit where the waiter took his sweet time.  

About 90% of the folks eating at Ellis Island that night ordered the $6.99 steak special.  I ordered the root beer again this time and really, really enjoyed it.  Even though I was too full from the steak to finish my drink, I still managed to down most of it.
This is truly a little piece of heaven on earth. 

I mean 6 freakin 99 for a huge steak meal!! After filling myself up to the point of no return.. I kept going back to eat the gravy.. Ohh the gravy.. *sigh* How I miss you so! 

If you're in Vegas and want something that will not burn a hole in your pocket and actually tastes great.. this is the place! 

P.S. The root beer was FANTABULOUS also!
Cheap Beers+ Cheap BBQ=Fun times! 

Looking and feeling like a total dive! This is a fun place to chill and enjoy a good cheap brew while waiting to eat some serious cheap BBQ! 

For what you pay for...$8.99, the food is great! I ordered the combo plate! Now, let me say this...you have to go in there hungry; 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, 2 corn on the cobb, beans, slaw, and 2 slices of bread! Like any good BBQ joint, don't end up wearing the sauce! 

Bon Appetite!
By now you probably know what you're getting. You're getting a pretty damn good steak dinner for just 7 bucks plus an awesome mug of root beer. How could you beat that? It's not like the meal was bad or anything, if anything, I was definitely surprised by how great it tasted! 

There's probably a certain expectation you have when you come to Vegas, flashy lights, great food, and everything being expensive. But if you're willing to venture just a block from the strip, you'll find this little place, with it's pretty low key casino and restaurant. I didn't indulge in the bbq part of the place, but I've heard good things about that too.

There was honestly a 40 minute wait just for a table of one! Of one! That's how popular this place is. Not really a hidden gem anymore, it still maintains the low key feel that you'll sorely be wanting after losing all your money in the flashier part of Vegas. Don't expect high class dining, just expect good food at awesome prices. And if you win some money at the casino too? All the better.
I only go here for one reason and one reason only, their $6.99 steak special. It honestly doesn't get any better than this for $6.99. I refuse to pay $12-$20 for a steak dinner at places like TGIF and Chili's now, knowing that I can go to Ellis and have BETTER quality for a lower price. Don't get me wrong, i'd still pay for a steak at Ruth's Cris and higher end establishments, but for the lower-midrange establishments you won't find a better steak deal. You get sourdough rolls to start, then your choice of soup or salad, and then the entree. A Nice steak cooked to order with garlic sauteed green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes& gravy or baked potato. 

I'll have to try the BBQ there since everyone says its good. I'll update when I do.
So we stopped here not for the food, but the bar....we came by during a night of excellent adventures and I have to say I was quite amused by the patrons here.  Everybody from hip hop grammas to punk haired karaoke singers were present.  People seemed friendly but weird at the same time.

I only heard about the food after visiting there, so I will post again after I sample the BBQ and the $6.99 steak special and the root beer.....and the...
Hi.  Please enjoy this well prepared food and drink at a very reasonable price. 

Hi.  Please enjoy this comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please enjoy this generously efficient cocktail during your comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please equally enjoy this generously efficient cocktail as you wait to sing karaoke songs after your comfortable three dollar gambling experience.

Thanks. Feel free to join us again repeatedly as you continue to comprehend our awesomeness more and more after each three day getaway to Las Vegas.
I am a complete sucker for karaoke.  No matter if I am tired.  No matter if I am sick.  If you invite me out to karaoke, I will go.  And I will have put my first song in before we get our first drinks.

When I moved to Las Vegas in 2007, I did really know anyone, I was living with a friend of my dad's and his young daughters far out in North Las Vegas, and wondering if moving for a new job on a literally one week's notice had been a good idea.  My first weekend there, on Sunday, I decided to go do karaoke by myself, and ended up at Ellis Island.

It was amazing.  A true mix of tourists and locals (which isn't too common one block from the strip), ranging wildly in age, race, class, and singing ability.  Giving the karaoke everything they got.  And getting up and dancing when strangers sang songs they loved.  Drinking $1 "microbrews", and $3 wells.  Sitting in leather booths.  The k-jay breaking out his saxophone for solos.  So.  Freaking.  Awesome.

So I decided then (it didn't turn out to be necessary), that if I never made any friends in Las Vegas and my job turned out to suck, I would just go to Ellis Island all the time, and probably everything would be alright.
Karaoke from 9pm-3am? Yes please. 

$2 beers? Um, yes please, may I have another?

Only $14 for 5 people's drinks? In Vegas? No Effing Way.

The above exclamations are just some of the things you might say in your first 10 minutes at the Ellis Island Casino. 

After spending some time at the Mirage at Beatles Revolution Bar - we decided to slum it a bit so that Russ could sing Karaoke for my family. We were not disappointed. We hoped in a cab and were there really quickly. It's only a little off the strip, but there isn't as much foot traffic, so if you don't mind, just pay the cab fare.

When we got there at around 11pm - Karaoke was in full blown progress. There was a huge group already there singing and drunkenly dancing. They must be local because they seemed to know the Karaoke DJ pretty well. One of the girls even dedicated a song to "All of our Men in Jail right now" 

My sister and I were very overdressed in our cocktail dresses from the evening, but we didn't care, the drinks were cheap, you can order pizza in the bar from an outside bar/pizza place and the crowd was rowdy and having a great time. 

We got hammered for less that $10 bucks a piece and I managed to waltz my drunken sister out the door and into a cab which we picked up after about a 3 minute wait.
This place is old school.....and I like it.  I was staying on the strip and dropped in for supper at their BBQ restaurant.   This was one of the best deals I had in Vegas.   I had a 2 for 1 coupon for the BBQ.  The requirement to use the coupon was to join their players club (which I did) and they gave me a food credit of $5.

Placed two orders for the 1/2 chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs combo ($8.99).   Their 1/2 rack is a full rack back home.  The serving was huge and I must admit that the food was very good.  Quality was surprising very decent.  After using the coupon and applying my food credit, I ended up paying around 6 bucks for two meals....what a deal.

Of course, I proceeded to lose $100 at their blackjack table after this hearty meal....Damn you, Vegas!!!!

The dealers were very friendly and it felt like I was in Old Vegas.  I love it when I can have a conversation with the dealers while we play (I'd ask stupid questions like what is the biggest loser/winner you dealt with, weird situations while working, etc.).   

It was very slow the Monday night I was there (so no karaoke was happening).   I hope this place makes it through this tough time.  The casino is small (compared to the mega casinos located nearby) but I would definitely return.  I need to try their un-advertised $6.99 steak special next time.  Ellis Island Rules.
Just walk on the backside of Bally's down the road to Ellis Island.  Thanks to all the Yelpers for mentioning the $6.99 deal.  Not bad... for that price, a soup/salad plus steak plus side and veggies and a beer...I'd almost eat meat for that.  But alas.. All the boys in our party heartily enjoyed this deal (what a steal) and I enjoyed some salad and "spicy" chicken fingers.  Whatever, it still tasted good, even though it wasn't as good of a deal.  

For Valentines day dinner, the restaurant offered an appetizer, soup or salad, lobster primavera, dessert and a glass of champagne.  Some of the ladies enjoyed this meal and were fairly pleased as well.

The worst part of this janky casino and brewery: the wait when we arrived was 1.5-2 hours.  The tables were not all full.  There weren't many people waiting in line.  Everyone gambling away their money?  We walked away for a bit, came back after some time (it's not that big in here folks) and luckily managed to get in without having to wait that long!  Score.  Guess they knew we did our due diligence of wasting money in the casino already.  Woot!
A friend recommended this place to me, though he was recommending the steak (which I don't eat).  I went anyway cause I needed a break from the high-prices and low-value of the strip.  Tuesday was italian night, so I got an appetizer, salad, chicken/pasta and a cannoli plus a glass of house wine -- all for $10.99.  Everything was tasty.  The waitress was nice; the fellow patrons were an eclectic group.  The beer was really good.  I would definitely go back.  We paid less here for dinner than we've paid for any other meal since we arrived.
WHAT?  11 bucks for a bbq half chicken and half rack of ribs, plus corn, bread, cole slaw, and bbq baked beans??  The last time I saw prices like this in Vegas was in 1992 when I was 8.  Is this 1992?  No it's ELLIS ISLAND.  I must say though, that price is only for the playa's club members but the girls at my table were able to work their charm with the waiter and get us the discount anyway.  I'm sorry to say that the charm thing didn't work the next day when I came back with a group of 8 dudes, but the full price is just a couple bucks more and it's TOTALLY worth it.  Those ribs are some of the best I've ever had and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  They keep the ribs in this smoker all day and then just grill em up right when you order them.  They're delicious and just fall off the bone.  The chicken is cooked perfectly too, although the white meat can get a little dry if you don't eat it right away.  

Over the course of the two meals I had here I ate 1.5 chickens and a full rack of ribs, plus 2 containers of bbq sauce.  

It's a shame I wasn't there for valentine's day.  They had a $14.99 dinner special that I'm sure Grace would have loved.  

Oh yeah and they have $3 blackjack here.  and $1.50 beers.
This place rules! If you're looking for Good food,large portions & fast friendly service this is the place to go.

We recently went out to Las Vegas for our Wedding/Honeymoon and had an opportunity to eat at Ellis Island twice. The first night I had a chicken fried steak meal the size of your head! w/ real mashed potatoes, My wife had Fish & chips. My salad had ranch dressing which tasted home made. The Fish & chips were nicely breaded & not greasy.

The second night we went with my son & his girlfriend. We told our waiter we had a show to go in 1 1/2 hrs. & asked if he could get us out in that time frame. Well we were done & out the door in 45 mins! We split a Prime rib dinner, my son had the steak special & his girlfriend had pasta w/ sausage. ALL was very good & portions were huge! The Root beer & home brew were fantastic. 

If you're looking for good eats & are not a stickler about decor (it's really not that dumpy,just dated)  This is the place to go in Vegas.

 Next time we'll try the BBQ~That looked & smelled excellent.
OK, so here's the dealio....

On busy nights, be ready for 1 hour wait.  Only about 10 tables inside, some outside seating.  Order the combo and expect a HUGE platter o foooood, 1/2 a chicken? Yikes! Half slab o ribs (5 pieces) 2 corncobs, bbq beans, coleslaw, and bread.  The Cali Report:

RIBS:  good bbq sauce, tender, although possibly boiled then baked?  The meat was whitish under the sauce.  Not much crust on the surface, which leads me to believe it's baked not bbq'd.  Not much smokiness, but overall a decent rib.  

Chicken:  Roasted / baked on one side, only... good texture (crispy skin) and tender....it's chicken

Beans:  BBQ beans

Coleslaw:  not badd, it had diced green peppers?  Never had it like that before.....

Bread: cold n chewy

Corn on the cob: a bit on the soggy side

I really wanted to love this place, it's still a great deal for the amount of food you get.  If you specialize in BBQ, it outta be very good.  But I would eat here again....good grub for cheap, $8.99

Oh yes, the ROOT BEER:  creamy, bubbly, with a bite....more on the Sarsparilla side...defenitely enjoyable.

Next:  the $6.99 steak dinner special..... it's at the main restaurant

til next time.......good BBQ eatin!
You can order chicken or ribs or ribs and chicken. That's all that you can order while out in the patio, but the ribs are finger lickin' good AND cheap, under $9 and it comes with all the fixings. Dine in the patio area, it's the only way to go. 

Super cheap drinks! $10 bucks for 4 drinks (this includes tip). While the guys gambled, us girls drank...a lot. The crowd was..um...eccentric and the karaoke was fun. 

The wait was long, more than an hour, I recall.  Visit the slot machines in the interim.  I put in $1 and won $5.25!  I was the big playa in our group that night.

Definitely will revisit.  This last trip we kept it real low-key and this had to be the best Vegas trip so far.
Smoky, rancid air, townies belting out their favorite karaoke chart toppers, and amazingly cheap drinks pretty much sum up my experience at Ellis Island's karaoke room.  While the place is skank central (in the non-feminine, but rather the odorous, sense), it has a few banquettes along the side and a few tables for groups to congregate among while they wait out their turns at the mic.  The emcee kept the songs moving well and the waitstaff was clearly on top of our orders.  She really kept those $3 vodka drinks coming.  If you're in for a (barely) off-the-strip Vegas experience, and are looking for some stories, DEFINITELY check out Ellis Island.  The photos just won't do the stories justice...
this is my bar of choice in las vegas.  i mean $2 beers .  not pints ...but big beers.   The only place that i know of where i can get a true irish car bomb ( but lately they got new glassware and they gave us really small glasses last time) but next time i will make sure they give me a bigger glass.  just bring $20 with you and youll get drunk , gamble, and eat a slice of delicious pizza.  Oh yeah,  they also have karaoke in case you get wasted and want to sing a song. yup ellis isalnd has it all.
Cheap drinks... Cheap alcohol.. And a crazy group of old ladies sing karaoke while bums try to get money for more booze. And the old eivis impersonator is gambling to the right of me. I loved it.
The place is a box of smoke and odor. But this is the unglamorous side to Vegas.
On one hand Elis Island is any other casino in, really downtown Vegas. It has the cheap eats, the restaurant, a few tables and the bar in the middle. A place where the nearly dead sit in the glow of their machines, they don't even take joy in it anymore. But its also a place where, like myself, Casino workers go to get away from the Disneyland Effect of working on the strip.
The place is a dive, but I love it!

I enjoy their beer and I especially like their root beer.  I tried to stay sober my last trip and ended up drinking a few root beers that go for about a buck and a half in a 20 oz glass...   My non-alcoholic phase of my last trip lasted one day and night of my three night excursion to Vegas...

I never win @ this casino, then again, I rarely win @ any casino...

Their sports book used to be the size of my bathroom, now they've opened a new one that is much bigger, but way smaller than most sports books in town.

Ellis Island has their famous $6.95 filet cut sirloin dinner which comes with a microbrew, in addition to a salad, garlic green beans, and choice of potato.  It's served 24 hours, except every other Monday when the coffee shop is nearly closed for cleaning 11pm to 5am.  The steak special isn't served during those six hours.  I thank Anthony Curtis' Las Vegas Advisor for the info in the above paragraph...

Service can be extremely slow in the coffee shop and @ times the wait to get a table can be long and costly- meaning losing a bunch of bucks gambling while waiting to eat...

They have a Metro Pizza in the joint.  Decent pizza.   

I like to mix it up a bit.  Sure I love Bellagio, but Ellis Island can be fun...
The location and casino itself leaves much to be desired. I will say that I won $33 on a penny machine while waiting to be seated...lol. My Mom had been told to come here by a friend of hers from out of town. She ordered the steak special and I had the prime rib. THe place was packed...so I will say that the service was a little slow. The food, however was actually alot better than anticipated for such a cheap meal. The beer was also quite refreshing and good, with no bitter after taste. All in all, the meal was totally cheap. The decor and service was not great...but well worth the time and money. The crowd is not for the faint of heart though, we saw what had to be a street walker (practically naked with a much older man) at one table and a bum ordering numerous glasses of water at another table.
this is actually a veeeery crappy looking casino.. but.. i will come here for
$2.99  steak and eggs.. mMmmMmm.. it comes with bread too. yaaay!!! it's a talker between friends too... it's like.. if you're competing for where to eat for the cheapest deal... definatly this one is a catcher!!! haha. yum!!! cheap food in vegas. where on earth do u find $2.99 steak and eggs these days? not very manY!!! 
there's other deals too that they have .... i only got the steak and egg.. but if u ask.. they'll tell you! =) .. so ask =)
$6 corned beef hash? Hell yeah! $11 prime rib that includes a beer? Yes, please! I am never disappointed when I come here. It's worth the 40 minute wait the place has sometimes. This place looks pretty shady inside and out, but once you try the food, you'll be hooked.
came by to check out the karaoke... interesting.. place gets packed!!!  standing room... crowd was chill not snobby...

beer was $3 bucks ... 

from the outside it doesn't look to inviting, walking in same feel not a-lot to write home about, but that's what made this place even better... 

didn't feel like dressing up to go club hopping just wanted to chill and this place is a great spot for that.. 

did not get a chance to eat at the restaurant some reviews say waiting can drag out but the food is supposed to be killer maybe next time 

again came for the karaoke was not disappointed except maybe try coming in earlier to get a table or a spot at the bar.... I got there about 11pm
The wait was really long, and the casino was smokey and gross, but once we finally got seated the service was fast and the food was good.  Everywhere you go in Vegas people talk about the steak, but go for the teriyaki chicken, the sauce is amazing.  I also have to recommend the root beer.
we have gone to this "ol'school (of the strip, local)" restaurant/casino/brewery a ew tims (btw are you confused yet---so am I)
to say the least it is a jack of all trades but, you cant beat there breakfasts, cheap and good, last time i went it was steak and eggs for $3.99. as i stated previoulsy this is also a brewery and they make there own root beer, yeah its good stuff..this is not a place i would staay at or even gasmble at but its good bang for your buck......last time i went with my pops in law we had a coupon all u can drink for 1 whole hour, no purchase necessary, i think we rocked 22 coronas, pretty awesome...
7:00am on a Saturday morning after staying up all night gambling and drinking is the perfect time for a good cheap steak dinner.  Luckily Ellis Island is there to satisfy!  All day, every day for $6.99 you get a nice, thick, juicy top sirloin cooked to your liking PLUS a baked potato, steak fries or mashed potatoes PLUS a nice portion of veggies PLUS soup or salad PLUS a tall glass of their home brewed root beer.  Seriously??  Yes!  

For the price, the steak was great!  Of course not like you'd get at a top end steak house or anything, but it was thick and tender.  No complaints there.  The fries were typical steak fries and the veggies were green beans.  No complaints about them either.  I got the soup, which was clam chowder that day.  Really good soup.  Nice chunks of clam and potatoes, perfect with some tabasco.  Finally, the root beer was great.  None of that Barq's crap here.  Home brewed with a good taste, more like a sarsparilla.   

Definitely my new favorite cheap eats place in Vegas!  Even state line/ Primm doesn't have cheap steak dinners like this anymore.  Trust me, we went to all 3 casinos there on the way to Vegas before finding out they don't offer it anymore.  Take the signs on the 15 down then!

Oh, yeah, and thanks D for buying us breakfast!
I introduced this joint to my five companions on my most recent trip to Sin City and they immediately made it their dining choice every night (i should say morning..) for the remainder of the trip.

You can't go wrong coming to this place, unless you try to eat at around 7pm. In that case, expect a 75min wait for the best value restaurant in the county.
I love the pints of yummy beers for $1.50 each.  The BBQ place is super duper.  The combo is the best- 1/2 a chicken, rack of ribs, two pieces of corn on the cob, sourdough bread, coleslaw, and baked beans for like, under $10 a person. It's insane really.  And it's all yummy.  You usually have to wait a while to get a table, but it's worth it and it gives you the perfect opportunity to do some beer drinkin and quarter slot gamblin.  Aside from the BBQ there's a restaurant at the back that has good food too.  I had the fish and chips there once and that was very good. The atmosphere of the casino reminds me of an old movie. It's smoky, crowded, and a little dingy.  But the food is great and the prices are just unreal.  Whenever we have out of town guests we bring them to Ellis Island and we all have a great time.
#1 Kareoke Bar (in my book) and sweet sweet cheap steaks with a pint of home brew lager! 

All for under $10 (the most expensive thing was the $6 i put in the machines) The meal was $5.49 and it came with a micro brew that they make and a decent steak. Plus our server was very understanding that we had to rock out at Kareoke so he put out food under the heat lamps till we came back, and it was still good. 

The Kareoke bar was great also! A little smokey, but it's a bar, with about 100 shouting folks singing along to "Jeremy" and drinking beers. I will warn you that the DJ isn't as much of a fan of the group singing on stage as we were, but he tollerated it because we tipped the crap out of him! 

Enjoy the rocking and rolling (and the drinking and stumblin)!
2.15.09: Where can you go for good food, thats amazingly cheap and amazingly tasty? Wait is that even possible? Well People of YELP I am here to declare that this place is the shit. The Brewery is where the best thing you can get is their ribs. You must must come here for their delicious ribs for about $10 that comes with sides. 

I can say I was a little skeptical at first but when i got there based on their line to get in, I knew it has to be super duper great. The place does have odd hours so be sure to check that out. Also I believe they just opened for one minute and the place was fulled. Luckily I didn't care to sit at the outside patio. Sweet got a seat.

I was drooling over the ribs being cooked right in front of me. I couldn't stop looking and just wondering a rack of ribs can be so tender, so sweet, and so fully of juicy greatness. 

In the end I wished I had ordered more just to take the rest back and eat later. I kow some complained about the service. I have to say that I was just lucky! My service was excellent. The ribs and chicken deal is a good deal. I really liked the chicken also. I was really surprised because I'm so use to dry bbq chicken but someone must have known the secret to cooking chicken here. Thank goodness for that. 

Althought the chicken and ribs deal has variety, I kind of wished that I only ordered the ribs because damn I got to say that things was just so freaking orgasmic. ha ha.

Seriously come here when you can and even if you're not hungry you should just come here anyways.

Come here and I know you will enjoy it.
I was in Vegas for 4 days on business. I ended up hanging out at The Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on several occasions. Just walk 1 block off the strip behind Ballys. The food and beer here was the highlight. 20 oz. glasses of beer, brewed there on the premises for $1.50. You cant beat that! I especially liked the Weiss. In comparison, a bottle of Heineken at Planet Hollywood (where I was staying) costs $7.00.

I ate there twice. Once in the restaurant and once in the BBQ restaurant. I had the steak special (comes with a beer for $6.99) and the rack of ribs ($11.99) [both recommended on Yelp.] Both dinners were fantastic! Well worth the money and the wait. We had to wait about an hour to get into the BBQ restaurant.

The karaoke was fun but was pretty crowded both times I went. The song selection was decent, but on the nights I was there, there was a problem with the machine and many of the songs weren't working. They claim it is the best Karaoke in Vegas but I doubt it. I would only say that it was ok. 

The casino was fun. There are loads of slot machines. There are a couple blackjack tables but no poker. 

There are a lot of older folks and regulars hanging around this place. I didn't see any drunks or homeless people in here (as stated in other reviews). This place is old school Vegas. Its kinda dumpy and smoky, but thats the way I like it. Overall, I had a great time at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I would highly recommend it to anyone!
I heard so much about their barbeque platter, I had to go and check it out for myself.  Around 4 pm on a Saturday, we were directed to the caf, which was the wrong place in this tiny casino.  We found a long line next to the Brewery and pizza stand and so we followed the hungry crowd and waited.  

I'm so glad we waited!

My brother got the babyback rib platter for only $11.99. This large platter included 2 corn ears, grilled sourdough bread, corn slaw, and beans.  I opted for the half chicken and half rack of babybacks for only $8.99.  This platter also came with the aforementioned sides.  The ribs were succulent, falling off the bone.  They rate up there with some of the finest ribs we've had at the Reno Rib Cook-off.  We also ordered their freshly brewed root beer, which was a sweet compliment to the spiciness of the barbeque sauce. 
       
Only paying a little over $20 total for what could easily cost more than $50 elsewhere, I thought we were being punked and we were ripping them off.  With the size of the platter and the quality of the barbeque at such a bargain, it felt like we were being comped free dinners.  Once we sat down, service was pretty quick.  There's also patio seating, which is overflow seating when the small dining room is full.

Ellis Island, which is off the beaten path of the strip, is now one of my top spots to pig out in Vegas.  I just have to make sure it's before 10 pm...when the brewery section closes.
Umm, I'm sorry to all of you who are giving this place rave reviews - maybe I just had a bad experience. Just wanted to share my experience at Ellis Island in Las Vegas. My husband and I went to LV for the first time this weekend, and Ellis Island was highly recommended for their $6.99 steak dinner. Umm... NO. Let me tell you why we'll NEVER go there again!

* We waited 35 minutes for what was supposed to be a 15-20 min wait.
* Our 35 minute wait was right next to an open table, to which they took us to. HUH? Are you serious that we've been sitting by this open table for 35 minutes and you're just now sitting us in it?
* Our waitress took FOREVER and was not that helpful.
* The salad was your basic crap-bagged salad from the local grocery store, with one tomato. Yuck.
* When we received our steak dinner, it was char-burnt, tough, with NO SEASONING. The baked potato was chewy and they had a little elementary cafeteria-style pouch of sour cream next to it. It looked a little.. uhh... GOVERNMENT FOOD PROGRAM-ish??
* We didn't even finish our meal. Our waitress never checked on us, and we were ready to go. We waited and looked around as she never showed up again. I was almost about to take my food up to the register and ask them for my check. She finally shows up, we ask for our check and we leave.

Oh! The best part? They say, "join the players club and you get $5 in free slot play!" So we say, okay that meal was a dud, but let's at least try to win some money if anything. - well guess what? We go sign up, they give us our players card, and tell us it will activate in 24-48 hours!!! HUH!!! Are you serious! 

Our experience there was unbelievable. In the WORST way. I can't believe we walked all that way for nothing. Oh well, it's better that we found out, right?

Maybe it was a "cultural" thing. I noticed not many people of our skin tone in the restaurant, as well as on this review site. Hmm.
They brought back the top sirloin steak dinner ($6.99)!!! YAY! I'm glad they got rid of the filet mignon. The dinner comes with a tall glass of microbrew or rootbeer -- I love the stout here -- and yes, I had it for breakfast!!

Ellis Island never fails!
3.75 stars.

Came here the first night to fill up before drinking. This place had a long wait, but when we sat down, most of us ordered the steak. It was good and cheap (relative to rest of Vegas) food! My friend ordered a prime rib. He asked for it to be medium, but it came back rare... I mean really rare... borderline raw. But he ate it anyways.

I would come back here. We walked from M&M Factory to here. It was a long walk. (Hell, all of Vegas is a long walk.. which I don't recommend doing... just cab it!)
This is primarily a review of the restaurant at Ellis Island.

Here's an old school Vegas joint with some killer prices and decent food.  Yes, the $6.99 steak special is a great deal.  The steak was cooked perfectly and had not a sliver of fat on it.  It could have been served in a fancy restaurant.  Note to all: their temperatures are a little redder than you may be used to.  Medium is pink all the way through here.  Medium rare is very red, and rare looks up at you dolefully, moos, then slits its own throat.

The attendant sides are not that great.  Vegas is a land that loves neither fruit nor vegetable.  Don't expect anything great there.  However, Vegas does hooch very well, and they brew their own beer at Ellis Island.  It's extremely tasty and cheap!  

There is a low limit roulette wheel here.  If you want poker, etc., Bally's and Caesar's are walking distance.
To think of all the times I've passed by here without going inside. This has now become a mandatory visit. Between the great $1.50 beer, fun karaoke, loose slots, and great food, what more does one need?

My one dollar turned into seven within minutes on the slots. Of course, most of the proceeds went towards beer, as well as the chicken fried steak and eggs plate (very good and only $6.99). Thursday is 2 for 1 pizza. Didn't try the BBQ, but the rave reviews speak for themselves.

Be advised this isn't a flashy glitzy cliquey place like MGM or Palms. Then again, there's no $30 cover charge either. It is what it is. You either accept it or you don't.
After reading all these reviews we decided to give this place a try. We went there during a weekday for dinner. Be aware that they have a long waiting line. We had to wait for an hour. We had the steak special which comes with a veggie side, potato, a salad, bread and a beer. It was good but not worth the wait.
Remember the glory days of Vegas when you could get $1.99 prime rib? This is one of the last great deals in town. The $6.99 steak dinner includes a beer from their microbrewery! The steak was cooked to perfection, the hefeweisen was great, the service was good. 
We had a party of 8 and our table ordered steaks rare, medium rare, medium, medium well and well done. Everyone was happy with the quality of their steak. I still can't believe I got a bowl of clam chowder, a great steak, with mashed potatoes, steamed green beans, bread roll and a large beer for under $10! 
This is a gem of a restaurant in Vegas, believe me so be prepared to wait. There's almost always a line.
Wow. BEST KEPT SECRET OF LAS VEGAS!!! I don't know if this listing is only for the restaurant, but the casino actually has a small bbq place as well. They only serve BABY BACK RIBS and BBQ CHICKEN (w/ sides of course!).You can choose from a whole rack of ribs (11.99), a whole bbq chicken (6.99) or THE COMBO-- 1/2 rack and 1/2 chx (8.99). Both are delicious, but I have to say that the ribs are my favorite. the meat is so tender and juicy and the bbq sauce is to die for! They even give you an extra side already because they know that people always ask for more. If you sit outside on the patio, you can see them grill the meats right in front of you.

The humungo plate also comes with corn on the cob, bbq baked beans, and toasted bread. If you don't like one of the sides, you can ask the waiter to swap it out for another. I just went this weekend and the asian server actually gave me extra sides free of charge! Also, he gave my friend all the sides for free since she was the only vegetarian at the table. I've gone here a few times and other than the Asian male server, most of the wait staff are impatient and rude. You can't really blame them though since the restaurant is tiny, there aren't enough tables, the wait is almost always over an hour or two, and people are constantly asking when there table is ready. In any case, this place is DEFINITELY WORTH IT!! You can pass the wait time by gambling at their $5 blackjack single-deck tables.. you'll probably win enough to cover your dinner since it's so cheap! Oh, and if you like light and very crispy beer where you can actually taste the hops, then you must try out their house-made beer. It's only $2 bucks! 

I'm from Orange County, CA and I've made a trip out to Vegas JUST to eat at this bbq place (and to do the usual Vegas stuff of course). I'm not gonna lie, I pretty much signed on to yelp to write a review solely because I just took a bite of my leftovers right now. 3 days later and they are still melting in my mouth. MMM MMM MMMMM!!! :)

TIP #1: If you go with a big group, have someone put down their name first because you will be waiting for over 2hrs. They will give you a number and they call them over the loud-speaker so you can hear it wherever you are in the casino. Just don't be too busy gambling!

TIP #2: One order is definitely enough for one or even two (if you're with a bf/gf) to share, but I suggest ordering one for yourself and saving the leftovers for later. They taste EVEN BETTER at 4am after a night of clubbing and drunken fun!
Ugh. Every time I go to this place after a night out I dream of how wonderful the steak special will be. A 10 minute wait later, reality hits when the juicy steak I'm fantasizing about turns into a small chunk of burnt meat reminiscent of the coal I got on Christmas.

On the bright side, their home brewed root beer is delicious which makes washing down the steak not too bad of an experience.
Cheap drinks = degenerates. That is the trade off you get when you go to Ellis Island. The coffee shop has great chicken wings but will cost you $8.95. They do have a Metro Pizza which is great. The rib place is alright nothing special. Affordable to cheap prices makes this place great but watch out for the crowd. It may get rough at a moments notice.
$6.99 steak special please.............yum yum.

This is a lower end casino, smaller and darker than those downtown..........guess what?  It's a nice escape from the Strip.  

The steak special is delicious, the waitress was excellent.  I didn't gamble here because NOBODY was playing on the tables and maybe 3 people on the slots.  

I will return for the delicious steak, hopefully there will be more action in the pit next time I come back.
--This review is for the BBQ restaurant only--

Awesome ribs!  Delicious sauce and tender baby backs.  Prices are as cheap as they can get (especially if you join the players club).  I ordered a second rack to save for later, but ended up eating most of it there.  Couldn't help it...

Turnoffs include the long wait and the ghetto casino.  But its not their fault if they're popular and I'm not there for the casino--so these aren't deal breakers for me.  They're also generally understaffed.  Maybe thats how they keep costs down?

Drop by if you want some great ribs and want to do Vegas on the cheap.  Just get their early to grab a number!

[edit]  Forgot to mention the beer.  All of the house beers are drinkable, but nothing great.  Cheap as hell though!  I just order the house root beer when I'm there.  Not carbonated enough but still good to wash down the BBQ.
My first visit today to Ellis Island, especially to try the $6.99 Filet Cut Sirloin steak meal.  I wasn't disappointed.  The "Restaurant" was quite busy at 11 AM.  Almost every table was taken already.  

This was a nice cut of meat.  It was about 1 1/2 inches thick, slightly under-cooked from what I ordered (medium), but very juicy and good.  The sides were good as well, the salad so-so.  Topped it off with one of their light micro-brews in a tall glass.  That hit the spot.  

Very quickly lost $20 in one of their slot machines right after eating, and then left.  But I'll be back.
Micro-brewed beers... cheap, decent steak, penny slots, what's not to love?  I hear the karaoke is the best in town.  Oh, and definitely try the root beer... maybe the best I've ever had.  Truly a las vegas gem.
Just dined here a week ago.  

Seriously, the best damn ribs you'll ever taste.  

My friends are still talking about the finger lickin' good ribs.
Every time I go to Vegas, I have to make a stop at Ellis Island.  Every time I visit Vegas with new friends, I have to take them to Ellis Island!!  It's just that great!  $6.99 for a steak sirloin with two sides and a drink?!  $12.99 for a prime rib dinner with two sides and a drink?!  Not only is it cheap, it's GOOD FOOD and it's open 24 hours!!  The drink includes alcoholic beer or root beer and it's a tall glass that I've never been able to finish.

For the two sides, you get to choose from a salad or soup, both of which are really good.  Their chicken noodle soup isn't lacking in chicken OR vegetables, which I love!  These two sides don't include string beans so it's like you're getting 3 sides!

The last time I came here, there was another special: $8.99 Shrimp Scampi.  I decided to try something new and I'm so glad I did!!  My dinner came with a root beer, house salad, a baked potato with sour cream and butter, garlic bread, and shrimp scampi!  My friends say the root beer is IBC, and they're root beer fanatics so I believe them.  If I'm not getting root beer, then I'm getting Hefeweizen, which is also good!  The house salad came with crispy lettuce and oh so yummy croutons!  The baked potato, unfortunately, didn't come with bacon, cheese, chives and all that good stuff but it was good nonetheless.  The garlic bread was delicious!  It was lightly padded with flavor so it wasn't soggy, and the crust wasn't too hard.  The shrimp scampi was heaven!  There were only 5 pieces but they were HUGE pieces.  They were drenched in butter and oh so juicy.  

I definitely recommend dining at Ellis Island, especially if you want a delicious meal for cheap!!
We have tried EI twice (eat, drink grog and hi-balls, gaming) and both times hated it - food, drinks and atmosphere. Our second visit) March this year) was because of the comments on Forums saying we must try again...it must have been an off night. NOT!! The dirty washrooms in the back of the casino were disgusting and vomit was on the floor the entire 2 hours 2 minutes and 2 seconds when we were there and not cleaned. My partner thought the meal barely edible and I was sorry I tried it a second time and wasted hours of my life doing it. (1) The beer made us both noxious (and we drink a lot of beer - good stuff and cheap...and we think their brew is about the worst we have had anywhere. Not sure what rat pee tastes like but EI beer could be a dead ringer. (2) The so called "baseball size cut off the menu sirloin steak" tough and tasteless - but then we am from cattle country and BBQ beef almost nightly - what would we know. Comes with enough tasteless nuked green beans that even the Green Giant would run away screaming No No No instead of Ho Ho Ho... (3) Drinks, watered down (coupons or not and frankly who cares). (4) Gaming: broke even and this was not why we were here anyway. (5) Cleanliness - lets not get me started on this one... (6) Street urchins were present around the back and front entrance - and had I wanted an injection of just about anything I imagine I could have got it for a buck or two. Not into drugs? - there were some pixies out there as well. This place is sorely over rated and feeds off it being the cheapest place close to the strip for those with little money left, cut 3 sheets to the wind or cheap. Those that are frugal know they can spend a buck or two elsewhere and get better value - and with the bonus of not feeling you need a scrub down after the visit to EI.

Did I miss anything? Oh yes...bring hand sanitizer if planning a visit.
prime rib!!!!! 12.99 prime rib that comes with f-ing awesome mashed potatos and gravy!! comes with sauteed string beans , a side salad, and a root beer/beer. 

ew i got the filet mignon 6.99 special or whatever.. not good. cheap tho =) 

so yeah just get the prime rib!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

sucks that its off the strip though. i guess its not that far.. but i always taxi here. too hot to walk .. and im not talking about the weather


jk
This place was a great find. With good tasting $1.50 Micro-brewed beers and Really decent food. It is a win  win combinations. The Casino is really small but comfortable. It has the local vibe to it. The restaurant was pack and we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. My husband ordered Prime Rib dinner for $12.99 It came with a glass of beer of your choice and salad, baked potato and vegetable. I ordered Deep fried shrimp dinner. It was also reasonably priced. We liked it so much we end up going there for dinner the next day and my husband ordered Breakfast special which consist of Ham and Eggs with potato and biscuit. I ordered deep fried fish dinner. It was all good.
This is a gem of old school Vegas where one can still get a $6.99 steak dinner with green beans and another side (such as rice, fries, baked/mashed potatoes) at the restaurant.  When our hero is in Vegas, he always finds one evening to forgo the hustle and bustle of billion dollar corporate casino and hotel developments on the strip to come here for a simple steak dinner.  The meat is a bit gristly, the service and wait can be slow, but it is one very satisfying deal that can be paired with $1.50 microbrewery beers for an excellent belly busting meal.  Don't look for the $6.99 steak dinner on the menu though, it's an off menu special that is widely known to locals who patronize this casino that's barely a mile east of the strip.  Our hero can tell this restaurant is great when most of the diners are obese locals.

As for the actual casino, it's a bit dingy and old, but has some lower limits that make for cheap gambling.

PROS:
- Restaurant is open 24 hours.
- Good selection of $1.50 micro beers at the bar or restaurant.
- Awesome off-menu steak dinner deal.
- $3 blackjack tables and $4 roulette.

CONS:
- Expect to wait 15 minutes for a table and another 15 minutes for service at the restaurant during peak hours.
- Not a whole lot in terms of cocktail service.
I love how it's 24 hour at the restaurant. One of my guy friends kept talking about 5 dollar steak at Ellis Island, we didn't go on our first night, but I'm glad we were able to fit it in on our second night. 5 dollars for steak, potatoes, eggs, and toast. I was just expecting steak and eggs! I'm not even a huge steak person and I enjoyed my meal!

Best food after a night of clubbing/dancing/drinking!
After a fun night out in vegas. It wouldn't be complete after a cheap steak dinner at Ellis Island hhahahaha
My friend was raving about this place. Apparently it was featured on the Discovery Channel as being one of the best steaks for its value. To me, the steak was alright (I mean, it's no Morton's)... I wish they actually had steak knives. It truly is worth it, and make sure you ask for the draft beer (which by the way only costs $2). I loved going there, but I cannot see myself going there twice like my friend. 

If you are trying to get there by foot, from the Strip, take the Bally's shortcut instead of going around the block. Service is incredibly slow (as they are understaffed). VERY slow. but you get what you pay for in life. 

I feel tempted to give this place 4 stars, but i just think this place is A-OK at a REALLY good value. so 3.5 stars sounds good.
I am astounded that after 137 reviews Ellis Island has an average of 4 stars......
Yes -  they have $2.00 draft beers
Yes -  they have a steak special .....
Yes - they have ribs .....
Yes - they  have that old style vegas feel .... sort of

but then again .... many, many other locations in Las Vegas have similar specials, with a much better atmosphere.

Try Ellis Island:
If you like your clothes smelling like a cigarette factory .....
If you like derelicts sitting at the bar next to you ....
If you like service that is super slow ......
If you like bathrooms that look they were cleaned a month ago .....
If you like a security service that is totally useless .....

Is that the old vegas feel you want when you get away from the strip ??

Perhaps my feelings are clouded by the fact I got my wallet lost/stolen at the bar in Ellis Island a few years ago.
But then again, I guess that is the "Old Style Vegas" atmosphere.....

I thought I might be harsh on the "island" after my wallet experience, so I got talked into going once again. 
Yes - $2.00 drafts
Yes - all of the prior experiences were present .... smoke, degenerates, filthy restrooms ......


Trust me - there are plenty of places you can go that offer the same as Ellis Island.

Then again - I guess you get that " quality experience" you pay for.
This review is for Baby Back's and Brew located within the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. I had heard wonderful things about the bbq here as well as the warnings about the wait for a table. Both are true!

The staff isn't all that friendly...and the pace is hectic...the wait was an hour...but most of that was my fault because I requested a table inside...next time I will just take the next available seating...the outside area was shaded so the 70 degree early evening temp would have been fine.

I did not realize that the bar located on the other end of the very small casino served huge 22 oz plus glasses of beer for $2. Now that I know that, I will put my name on the waiting list and head for the bar... the beer is great...at least the hefe and the light blond...which was all we tried were...and $2? Come on....sure beats a $7 bottle of bud at the Monte Carlo...(oh yeah, could have gotten that for free if I put $20 into the poker machine at the bar...sorry guys...that's NOT free).... but I digress... the food was great....we both had the ribs and chicken for $7.99 each with a casino players card that took us all of 2 minutes to sign up for....the ribs were perfect...fall off the bone...ample (huge) portions...this place is now a must for us...and we tell all our friends about the good food and the beer. Yeah Baby!!
Great little hole in the wall place with awesome food.  For real cheap you can get a full rack of ribs, 2 pieces of corn, garlic bread, beans and slaw.  The  ribs are damn good and they give you a ton of food!  If  you get a players card with them the meal is a few bucks cheaper than without one. I recommend getting there early before the BBQ section opens since the eatery itself is pretty small and the line backs up quickly. There is a brewery on the premise and the beers are good (and cheap!). I didn't get to experience the karaoke on this past trip but I have heard it kick ass. Oh, and it didn't hurt that I won $44 on the nickel slots.  I will definitely be back!
I'll agree that this is a no frills dive joint, but who cares! The $7 steak dinner special that includes a beer, salad, steak, potato, and veggie was well worth the walk off the Strip.
This is a review for their diner: It used to be that I couldn't drag my friends to Ellis Island. "We don't want to go to some little off-strip casino", they'd say. Well after finally talking them into it a few times, they now annoy me by wanting to eat every meal at Ellis Island. The steak special is a great deal and they also have good micro brewed beer. Personally, I've had the steak special so many times that I have gotten tired of it. I've been in love with their king cut prime rib and have gotten that my last few visits. It is a little more than the steak special, but you get everything you get in the steak special (including the beer) but with a huge cut of prime rib instead of a steak. They also have daily specials on a board up front.

All the waitresses have been extremely nice. I wish they would hire more of them though, since every time we've eaten here outside of extreme late night, they've been woefully understaffed.
For some reason, one of my friends LOVES this place and it isn't a trip to Vegas without a 4am pit stop here for their $4.99 steak and eggs. I was first introduced 2 years ago.

First of all, I am a vegetarian so I haven't had their steak and eggs, but my friend swears on the Bible on it. Says it's the best thing ever.

We went there for the traditional post clubbing meal. Imagine 6 drunk girls stumbling into a shabby looking casino/restaurant at 4am talking obnoxiously loudly recapping the night. That was us. To anyone not intoxicated, we were probably annoying as shit.

I got the baked penne which was good, but in my drunken stupor, my stomach wouldn't let me enjoy it to the max (and I ended up throwing it up. TMI, I know) and the rest of the girls got the usual steak and eggs. Although they said it was a little over cooked, they did all agree that the clam chowder was frickin' amazing. Things like "Best clam chowder EVAR!", "OMG, it's not even this good in SF", and "I want another bowl NOW" were said during the meal.

Besides their food, what REALLY won me over was the waitress this last visit. Sure, it was probably our bad because we were annoying, typical girly Vegas visitors, and we were talking pretty openly about subject matters that should really not to spoken in public at high volumes, but when the table next to us complained to the waitress about telling us to shut up, she stood up for us. She said it's a public, open restaurant and it's freakin' 4am. Drunken, inappropriate talk should be expected and she really has no grounds to tell us to shut the eff up. Again, probably our bad, but I really appreciated the gesture =)
Me and the ol lady hit this fine establishment a couple years back and still party it up there when ever we hit town. This review isnt about the food. This review is for all the cheap people, who, like myself, enjoy $2 draft beer, $3 mixed drinks, loud karaoke, and funny ass drunk peple! This place has karaoke every night, so you can get shity and belt out your favorite tunes any day of the week! I love this place, its a lil dirty, a lil run down, a lil dangerous, and cheap! All qualitys i find in myself. Thats most likely the reason Ellis Island and me go hand in hand. Anyhow i highly recomend this dive bar to anyone in vegas who misses their own dive bar back home. Oh and by the way.......the roulette table there took my money! SEACREST OUT!!!
After a long night of clubbing, we were up for some breakfast at 4am.  While hailing a taxi cab, our attendant convinced us to go to this place (instead of another we had in mind).  Big Joe told us it was the best place to get some steak and eggs.  Well Big Joe, you were wrong.

Granted, the food was decent.  The eggs weren't dry, and with a little salt and pepper, it made it just right.  Potato pieces always a plus.  I ordered my steak medium rare, which usually let's my meat be just the right texture - not too dry, and not too bloody.  Well, my meat was a bit on the dry side, so one can only imagine if I had even fathomed to order my meat well done.

Then again, you get what you pay for.

My main complaint about this place was the service we received.  After a long wait to get our food (maybe I'm too used to the fast service I get in California?), we finished our food, and waited for the check.  I guess I'm used to getting the check before I'm done eating.  But we waited.  And waited....................... AND WAITED.

We tried asking the hostess for the check, but she just rudely stated she didn't know who our server was, and she simply couldn't help us.  From what I could see, there were only two servers at the time, so how hard was it to figure it out.  If the first one said no, THEN ASK THE OTHER!  And yes, we did try to get our waiter's attention.  Luck had it that he was serving two large groups.

However, that is not an excuse for a good 30 minute long wait (or at least what felt like 30 minutes) for our check.

Ready to go to sleep, exhausted from a night of clubbing and suffering from a food coma,  we decided to do the right thing and leave money on the table before we left.  Yes, that's right, we never got our check.  At least we had the decency to leave money for our meal.  I know we could've just walked out and left, but we took the high road.

Well, except for leaving this one star review that is.
This place serves huge platters of food for a super cheap deal! I love it! There was a restaurant area where they serve $6.99 steak, and they also had a bbq area with ribs and chicken. the combo deal is 1/2 rack of ribs. 1/2 a chicken (literally), corn on the cob, cole slaw, beans, and bread for $8.99!! talk about an insane deal! and the food was so good too =)

they also have all the cheap slot machines for those who like to gamble but not become flat-out broke and a karaoke place. it's run down looking and old, but that's old school vegas for you, and for good food at that price, you really can't complain.

my only gripe is that we waited to be seated for the bbq place for almost 2 HOURS. granted we went during the peak dining time, but still!!!!! we weren't bright enough to get a number for the restaurant too until an hour and a half into our wait, so it was our fault for starving ourselves i suppose. the restaurant line was moving wayyyy faster than the bbq one. but i loved my bbq food i got so it kinda made up for most of the wait time. next time i just have to remember not to come at peak hours. but come back definitely i will~!!
On this trip to Vegas, we were really trying to save money while still having a great time.  Vegas exists to try and take your money, so it's like a game to do what you want but give them as little of your money as you can.

Enter Ellis Island.  A block away off the strip, right behind our hotel, Bally's.  But that block is LONG in 100 degree heat.  And one block behind the strip is noticeably downscale.  Still, once in the casino you fell the old Vegas vibe, and it's comfy.

A few websites had informed of the $6.99 steak special, which isn't on the menu.  It's a TON of food -- salad, bread, and a big piece of steak with fries (or mashed) and green beans.  Now this steak is never going to win any awards biut it was perfectly acceptable if a little overcooked.  I only ate the parts that were cooked to my liking and that was enough.  We were stuffed.

The best part was when the bill came.  $15.00!!!!!!   This was less than we were to pay for any breakfast later in our trip.

Everyone should come here for one meal!
Once again, they never disappoint... I gotta give them kudos for consistency.  $6.99 for a decent steak, veggies, potatoes w/ salad or soup and a beer or root beer that they make.  It just doesn't get any better.

The only negative is the wait.... which I have discovered how to bypass.  Just take the number they give you and give it back to them w/ a greenback under it.  I usually give $10, there is a young girl there usually that knows the dealio.

So far, the BEST deal in Vegas I would have to say..... the $7.77 steak n shrimp special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock is a close second.

The coolest thing is that none of these 'SPECIALS' are on the menus......
I can never pass out  the $6.95 steak deal. Certainly one of the places to check out if you're traveling on a budget. You have to ask for it, as it is not on the menu. For that price you get a 10 oz. steak, potatoes, veggies & a tall glass of their beers or root beer. The steaks I've had so far have been of good cuts. The level of attentiveness from the wait staff can be spotty, although most of the time it's pretty good. The cafe is in an older casino, nothing glitzy. But for value, it's a very good one.
4 stars for this place??? U GOT TO BE KIDDING!  at most they deserve at 2.5.  

I came here last friday night thinking it would be super good since all the reviews here on yelp.  Aside from the super long wait for a table, you have to wait real long for your food too.  We waited about 45 minutes and had to leave cuz we needed to catch a show.  

After our show, we came back at around 11:30 pm, still had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  It's not like they didnt have tables, they were short staff i guess cuz the other section was closed.  I was disappointed by the food and the restaurant.  It's not worth the wait at all.

The wait staff are nice though...2 stars for the friendly waitress.
If your looking for good food,cheap prices and good service, OPEN 24/7:you've found it here at Ellis Island. 

MOST times your gonna have to wait awhile to get seated but its worth it.

THe eggs were cooked perfectly-FRIED MEDIUM-the Ham was tender and sweet.

The burger was good. A solid Casino burger BUT nothing spectacular.

The chicken Fried Chicken Steak was Outta this world-juicy,crispy and great gravy.

Good Coffee,Reasonable Prices and Solid Service make this a place to frequent. 

Be sure to Try the BBQ & Brewery- NOT Open til 4pm.
during my last visit to sin city, i didn't fly into vegas until 10pm. by the time i checked in, it was past 11pm. we decided to look up some decent, cheap sit down places to eat via our phones. this place came up, and decided to give it a try. it's not directly on the strip, but not too far from our hotel. parking here is great because you don't have to spend 15 minutes going through a garage and find spaces. what i like about this place is they have a $6.99 steak special. the quality of the meat isn't the grestest, and you may need to bust out with a-1 sauce, but it's cheap. you know what else is cheap? their beer! $2 for beer cannot be beat! our waiter was a really cool guy who hooked it up. i would say the food is just ok, but the price is awesome! nice place to get away from the strip as well...
This review is only for karaoke:

I LOVE dives and karaoke.  Do NOT take this 2-star as a misunderstanding of the function of dive bars or karaoke, and do not doubt my love of both.  

I got there with a big group of friends at midnight on Saturday (of Labor Day weekend), signed up for karaoke, and was told it would be about an hour before I could sing.  Sweet!  The bar and tables are CHEAP, so no problem there.

Here's my problem:  the karaoke MC is a douche. The bar tenders and other patrons in the bar were SUPER NICE, but yeah.  Here's what happened:

Like 4 times he said  "We've got  [ so-and-so ] on now, then Genevieve, then [ some other name ]"   And somehow another name would magically get announced before mine.  I was "next"  . . .  at least 5 times. It was only when one of my friends went up and asked if I'd ever get to sing that he FINALLY put me on.  

THEN I was holding my drink while singing (as I like to do) and in the middle of my song he yelled  "Hey - set your drink down!"   Excuse me - I am busy rocking the house, which is what I did, thank you!

Whatevs - I had fun DESPITE all this but it did not add to my good time. There's GOT to be better karaoke in Vegas and the next time I'm there, I will find it.  Oh yes.  It will be mine.
Restaurant review~

The Travel Network did a Vegas special on cheap eats, and Ellis Island restaurant was the one place I remember. Having been to Vegas just 2 months ago, I didn't mind doing some off-strip exploring.

We arrived at Ellis Island where we saw the glorious sign: $6.99 Top Sirloin Steak Dinner. After a 30 minute wait for our table, we sat down in excitement for our cheapo dinner.

And guess what? Not only did the dinner come with a 10oz sirloin, it also came with a pint of microbrew, soup or salad, green beans and a choice of mashed potato, baked potato or fries. OMG, jackpot!!!

Besides my steak being slightly overcooked than what I ordered, the meal was great! I was in too much bliss. Also, our server was super nice and friendly. And I especially liked him, since he only carded me out of the whole table. Haha. =P

**
"Don't forget to Yelp about the Indiana Jones slot machine." Here you go, sis! It was awesome. Everytime she hit a bonus, we screamed. So much that the security guy came over.

**
Ellis Island has its own microbrewery. On their list they have: Amber ale, Hefe Weiss ale, Dark lager, Light lager and Root beer. The Amber has a strong wheat/yeast finish, somewhat similar to Sierra Nevada perhaps. The Dark reminds me of Guiness. Dark and bitter finish. And the Light lager was very refreshing and 1/3 the calories! Whoohoo. They know what they're doing!
For the karaoke bar only:

As far as prices go...$2 beers are amazing, as are the $3.50?(according to my boy) shots of 1800 Silver Jose Cuervo Tequila.  You can definitely catch a nice buzz with a slim wallet here.  


The dive bar vibe is great and all the patrons are laid-back.  It's a great place to sing karaoke for the first time because everyone gets into it, but not too into it.  If you forget the song, the MC will help you out.  The wait to sing can be kinda ridiculous sometimes, but we all know attaching something green to your request speeds up the waiting game.  And the MC will get to your song eventually.  Even though karaoke only goes til 3am officially, it usually always goes longer.

A sour note from the other night: we sat down at a booth and since a cocktail server didn't come around, I went to the bar to get our drinks and he told me that I should go back and she'll be there soon.  Um, wtf?  Obviously, "soon" wasn't soon enough for me...so just fulfill my drink request without any side commentary...thanks!  

Also, I know it's a bar and people are smoking, but the ventilation system in here needs to be redone ASAP!!  I go to various bars and clubs often, and never wake up the next day feeling like a I smoked 2 packs of cigarettes the night before!  Infact, the smokiness is a reason why I won't make going there a habit.  Feeling sick from all the smoke is NOT worth it!  Would give it 4 stars if not for the smoke...

All in all, a great place to go for cheap fun with friends!
At first look, this off the strip, old casino looks a bit seedy.  Inside is very small, but very crowded.  The craps table there cracks me up, it's half sized and really little.

But if you're looking for the best combination of value and taste for steaks and prime rib, I highly recommend the restaurant here.  We found out about this place from some local Vegas friends and I must say it didn't disappoint.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection and the beer and root beer, brewed on site is really tasty.
** this review is for the restaurant**

The Ellis Island restaurant is the epitome of cheap but good eats in Vegas. It's located off the strip but not unreasonably far from the Paris/Bally's area. We already heard about the great deals they had on meals but when we saw the sign for a $6.99 sirloin steak dinner with a BEER while driving into the parking lot, it was like a dream come true!

We eagerly waited for our number to be called while playing some slot machines and that only took around 35 minutes. The crowd in there was comprised mostly of senior citizens and families but we didn't mind! Our server, Jorge, was so wonderful and nice which earned him extra tip money!

Ok, so I thought that maybe my meal would just come with a dinky steak and a tiny glass of beer for that price but boy was I wrong! The meal also came with a choice of salad or soup, a side of garlic green beans, and either a baked potato, mashed potatoes, or fries. The sirloin steak was a massive 10 oz too!! That's unheard of! The beer also came in a tall pint size glass and I only drank 1/4th of it. haha Jorge was kind enough to switch my amber ale to the light lager at no cost since it was too bitter...thanks Jorge! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=VMGabUn6LbE-O-gPJoKmhQ)

The side salad was nothing special...just a bed of lettuce and shredded carrots plus croutons. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=kgpQGG1vNftJZdY9dnRNkg) My cut of meat was cooked perfectly to medium rare...it was so juicy and tender. The green beans were tasty with a hint of garlic flavor. The baked potato was great too with some butter and sour cream to top it off! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=-Asg4AY1pRLwMNMAKwbWlw) Needless to say, I devoured most of my food but not my beer unfortunately. Definitely worth the wait and drive/cab ride out here!
Besides the steak special that everyone raves about which I absolutely agree with and love, this place serves an amazing breakfast menu. Ham and eggs? the ham is so big it hangs over the edge of the plate. Pancakes are fluffy and fantastic. Root beer on tap is seriously so good. I swapped my beer for a root beer. But the beer is awesome too! They brew their own and have one for every palate. Sometimes there's a wait to get a table but generally you don't have to wait too long. It's worth coming here.
The BBQ is really tasty as agreed upon by our crew made up of people from KC and Carolina. The beer is a little weak but flavorful and it is brewed on premise.  I didn't care for the beans and the cole slaw was unremarkable.  Get there early as they don't have very many tables and unlike most places in Vegas, they close early.
F-ing greatest ribs!  Already planning my next trip just for the ribs and strippers.
Vegas can be expensive, but you need to know the right people and the right places!!

Instead of the usual buffet or the $50-100 plate dinner - we heard about this steak dinner deal off the strip. $6.99 at Ellis Island for soup/salad, steak with potatoes and veggies, and a HUGE beer. 

It was a good meal - enough to line our tummies to drink and we even walked out with our unfinished beer back to our hotel room. Not too shabby! 

It's only about a 10 min walk from the strip and you can even make it there buzzed or not!  

TIP: it's not a bouchy place, so leave the evening/club wear til after dinner
This place is quaint and cozy. I just reserved my room at the super eight hotel next door just to be closer to the 6.99 sirloin steak dinner. Less than 15 bucks for two people to eat steak dinners, w a baked pitato green beans, salad w homemade dressing and when i went a complimentary homemade beer or rootbeer. Its truly like filet mignon. If u can find a better deal in vegas, please tell me. The casino is nice and kinds old fashioned but a cute place. They serve ribs too in the front grill. The bar is kind of dark and dingy, but the people are nice and there is karaoke 7 nights a week. Drinks are very cheap too. I love this place!! Going for 5 days in december and will be sure to eat there 4 or 5 times.
Just went this weekend - so the info is current.

Best steak and eggs deal in Vegas, period.  $4.95 from 11pm to (11am?).  Don't look for it on the menu.  It's not listed, and it's not going to be on their billboard outside.

Best full rack of ribs deal in Vegas, period.  $11.99 from 4pm to 11pm for a full rack of BBQ ribs with corn, beans, and coleslaw.  If you're so inclined, you can get the 1/2 rack for $7.99 or for a dollar more, you can get their 1/2 rack + 1/2 chicken deal for $8.99.  I'm all about the ribs though, so full rack EVERY TIME, baby!!!  =)
$6.99 for a sit-down dinner of soup or salad, steak, freshly steamed green beans, potato (baked, fried, or mashed). $11.99 for a whole rack of ribs with sides.... the tastiest, least expensive meal deals in las vegas!
Ellis island is on the cheaper end of Casino's along the back end behind the actual strip. For what it's worth it offers a break from the superficial and super expensive relm of Vegas Casino's and more of a "old school" Vegas feel. Great happy hour specials and graveyard food specials along with some of the most entertaining karoke lounges in town. Ellis island is alright in my book.
**SPOILER WARNING!** 
Ok this place gets 5 stars from me. We had 2 orders of the 1/2 rack of ribs + 1/2 chicken combo, we each had a beer and our bill came out to $22 total. The portions were large and the food was cooked well. 

If you want to eat the steak dinner, you have to goto the restaurant. if you want the rib/chicken deals you goto the BBQ area near the brewery. The BBQ area opens at 4pm. We got there at 3:45 and were seated at 4 on the dot and had our food by 4:20.
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
This trip we had it all figured out. We put our name on the list for the bbq and then made our way to the bar where we proceeded to try to make a dent in the their micro brew. The beer was a good as I remember and the price was a mere $1.50 per 22 oz glass. It doesn't get any better than that. We had a great chat with Elvis in the bar. After a 45 minute wait, we were shown to our table. The bbq can't be beat for taste and price. I devoured the full rack of ribs while passing on most of the sides. This is still our favorite place in Vegas. Note: we did not gamble here because last time we lost our shirts.
I've read a lot of great reviews about this place. Now I know I've read about the sometimes long wait, which I understand for a off the strip casino for their restaurants. Tried hitting up the BBQ spot and the restaurant. Both of which had an hour wait. It doesn't seem to be too shady of a hotel as others have described. The only problem I had beside the wait was the group of emo scenesters that don't know how to drive. I will definitely try and give this place another shot next time I hit up Vegas so I can give them a real review.
I first heard of Ellis Island Casino on a TV Show (Hungry Detective) and he was raving about the ribs, so I had to go try them. We were so excited to try it that we went straight from the airport, only to find out they only open for dinner ( they open at 4pm). So we had to come back later. It was definitely worth it. The ribs fall off the bones, perfect seasoning and a HUGE plate. Full rack of ribs, cole slaw, baked beans and corn for under $12 (with your player card, which is free to sign up for). 

There is ALWAYS a wait, I was there again this past weekend and the wait was over 1hr. But you can get a draft beer (for $1.50, brewed by Ellis Island, who actually was voted #1 micro brewery in NV, and top 20 in the US)  while you wait and play some slots or at the tables. 

I tried the restaurant for breakfast and once again, the portions were extremely generous and the food was good. 

This is not one of those fancy places on the strip where it is so pretty and fancy, at Ellis Island, it is all about the food!
On my recent trip to Vegas with my fave girls, we went to Ellis Island 'cause we'd heard they have great karaoke.  We were not disappointed.  They have a big book of songs to choose from (though I didn't see some songs I would have liked but maybe that's a regional thing?) and a good mixed crowd of people.  There are some folks who sing great and some who don't sound anywhere close to good so you don't have to worry about not measuring up.  We loved it so much we went back again - that's 2 out of our 4 nights in Sin City.

Ellis Island also has a pretty decent bbq - choose from ribs or chicken and you get more food than you can possibly eat.  Oh, and they brew their own beer.  We liked the light lager.  

The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.  Yes, smoking is allowed everywhere in Vegas...but in this place, it just hangs in the air.  Fix that and I'll give you 5 stars!
Ok so don't come hear for fine dining or a speedy meal.  You will be sorely disappointed.  It is inexpensive by LV standards but decent food.  Remember, most times you get what you pay for.  However, a free 22 oz beer with your sirloin or prime rib is definitely a plus!  (Hefeweisen is pretty darn good here).  Casino is pretty small but it wasn't too busy so we didn't feel cramped.  Overall, good cheap eats 24/7...what more can you ask for?
Even since I read Anita L's review about their Steak Special, I've wanted to come try it.  The craving has never been greater after one failed dining experience 2 nights before at the 'R' restaurant.  On our way to the Venetian, we stopped here for our late lunch.  

The casino is very small.  I think the restaurant took up 40% of the whole place.  However, people are very friendly.  It has that neighborhood restaurant feel to it.  The carpet is dingy, but since it's open 24/7, it'd be hard to try to clean it.  

Anyway, I didn't have to think about what I wanted to order.  Both my fiance and I ordered the Steak Special for $6.99. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=nmhASW6s6tvE8en_VMKPmQ
It came with a soup or salad and beer or root beer.  

I ordered my steak medium.  It was grilled to a perfect pink!  The steak was juicy and tender.  OMG!!!  This was the no B.S fine piece of cowboy goodness 10 oz of meat!  The baked potato was really good, but the green bean was too soggy for my liking.  

You might wonder if it was so good, why only 4 stars?  Well, I liked it so much I went back again just before leaving Vegas.  And this time, the steak was a little over-cooked on the outside and under cooked inside.  

For its inconsistency, I averaged it to 4 stars.  But seriously folks, for a complete meal (serverd 24/7) at $6.99, you have to come try it!
I remember when the steak special was $4.99. Easily the best meal deal in the COUNTRY! 

It still remains the best meal deal. For $6.99 you get the following:

10 oz. steak (c'mon we're not talking upper tier steakhouse, but, in my opinion, nearing the quality of Outback)

Salad

Potato

Veg

Beer (BREWED THERE)... and it's a big one!

Go there, eat it... Don't expect good decor, don't expect good service, expect good food and a taste of old (slightly sleazy?) Vegas.

It's an experience on it's own! Well worth trying!

Please don't mention bad service when reviewing this place.. the food is nearly FREE and it's GOOD!  Quit yer B#$CHIN' and go to Cheesecake factory or wherever you bores go.

Remember... this is steak and a beer at literally McDonalds Prices!!!
This review is for the BBQ & Brewery restaurant.  They open at 4PM no one under 21 allowed, no exceptions.

I was told about this place by my bro inlaw.  He read on the internet that this place claimed to be one of the best out here on in the west.

On to the food.  If you are looking for real BBQ, look else where.  If you are looking for tasty food at a low price, this place may be for you.  Their menu consists of three items: full rack of ribs, half rack of ribs, and half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  All entrees come with corn on the cobb, cole slaw, baked beans, and toast with butter.

I got the half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  I should mention the ribs are baby back ribs.  The cost was $8.99.  

The bbq chicken was moist, the sauce was good.  The ribs were really moist and the sauce was good.  

Here's the deal, there is no smoke flavor, none at all that I could have distinguished either on the chicken or ribs.  There was no smoke ring on the meat of the ribs.  The ribs were missing that slight tug when the meat comes off the bone of a rib that was cooked slow and low on a bbq.  Did the meat fall off the bone?  Yes it did, but more like how the meat falls off the bone when you boil the ribs so they're tender or how meat falls off the bone when you braise something or similar to it.  And yes, I really do think they boil the ribs first as there was no real pork flavor.

The chicken was akin to tender broasted chicken from say Costco or Boston Market, except is had BBQ sauce on it.  Was it good? Yes, but it wasn't legit BBQ chicken.

The sides were less than stellar.  The corn on the cobb was limp.  All the kernels were not plump.  The majority of the juiciness was probably from the pot of water they used to boil the corn.  The cole slaw was fine, it would have been better if it had more of the dressing mixed in, but it was fresh and crunchy still.  The baked beans were on the verge of being flavorful.  The slices of bread they gave me were rye, they tried toasting it, but they still couldn't save it from being stale bread it was.

Didn't try the beer so I can't comment on the legitimacy of their brewery.

I like sauce and their BBQ sauce managed to make the food tasty, at least in my opinion it did.  It could have used more sauce though...

Two stars for being fake BBQ.
I truly enjoyed this place when I visited back in June, 09. But when I went back this time. I was truly disappointed. The food was not as good as back in June and there was no line at all. That should have been a sign that things was not the same. I ordered Clam pasta. My husband ordered their famous Prime Rib dinner. My brother-in-law ordered Shrimp pasta. It was all just ok. Pasta were watery. Prime Rib was plain. I got the feeling either they change the management or chef. Too bad.
Yes, I know, I've updated this place too many times, but can't help it, this is one of those places where I always stop at whenever we are in LV. I asked for the steak dinner special at breakfast today and the woman said have the steak and eggs for 2 bucks less. I thought 'okay, that'll do". So for $4.99 you get 2 eggs cooked whatever way you want, 6oz of sirloin, fried potatoes and toast. Not bad at all except I've noticed they can't do poached eggs correctly! They always overcook it. 

The old staff seems to have disappeared and I noticed a whole bunch of new faces. One of our orders was completely screwy -- white toast instead of wheat toast and eggs over easy instead of over medium. In fact, the eggs were so runny the whites were on the snotty side.

But hey, for 5 bucks I'm not complaining!! I still like this place a lot but it's not giving me those goosebumpy happy chills like it used to.
my friend told me about this place so i quickly did a yelp search and read Anita L. and sharon J's review.. since their reviews are the most current, therefore the deal must be still on going! 

I have just missed the breakfast special..but nonetheless the $6.99 steak  special was a total steal! 

for $6.99 you get a 10oz sirloin, choice of potato (fries, baked, or mashed), sauteed green beans (yes, sauteed w/ garlic..not those cheapy kinds where they just boil / steam it.), choice of soup or salad, and choice of root beer or beer (there were four different beers for u to choose from). 

sure the steak was not good quality steak.. but hey, i'm not complaining after all it is only for $6.99. This special deal is 24/7. 

The breakfast deal is good too.... $4.99 you get 2 eggs (however you want to cook) and a 6 oz steak...(no soup/salad or beer/root beer for this special)... supposedly the breakfast ends at 2pm on other days.. but when i went (Christmas day) breakfast ended at 11am). 

Look for server named Patty - she is AWESOME! 

Ellis Island is off the strip, but it's only a block away from bally's... it's RIGHT behind bally's - easy to find and not far from the strip at all! for $6.99 24/7 deal - it is definitely a "WOOHOO! as good as it gets!" unless someone tells me a better deal.
Forget just Vegas, this is the best dollar-for-dollar deal in the entire country.  Very good quality food with an awesome home-brew beer for $6.99!  

The best deal in Vegas is a $8 cab ride from the strip.  The casino is run down and the restaurant decor and table-scapes are what you would find in a typical small town.  Ask for the steak special - it's not on the menu - and you will not be disappointed.  

$6.99 gets you a 10oz sirloin (similar in quality to an Outback Special) + a large loaded potato + green beans + a large side salad + your choice of home brew beer.  The steak was nothing special, came out a bit charred but the salad was tasty, the potato large and well covered and the beans long and sea-salted.  Perhaps the best part of the dinner were the hot homemade rolls; better buns than anything you'll see walking on the strip.  I chose a Belgian-type beer that tasted like Blue Moon and poured in a tall pint.  Delicious!  

Our party of 4 rolled out very satisfied with a bill of $36 which included tip!!!  Add a generous tipping on cabs there and back and the total trip cost to fully satisfy four dudes (2 of them overweight big eaters) is just over $50!  In Vegas!  That leaves plenty of budget to give back to the gaudy places on the strip.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about Ellis Island.

Yes the place is a dump, yes the location isn't the greatest, and yes the clientele can be a bit sketchy, but for the love of God I don't know what I would do without this place.

I swing by Ellis once a week and get my grub on, the steak special $6.99 is great, it's not the best cut of meat in town, but it's good, and it comes with you choice of potato, a veggie (usually green beans), and a salad, plus a beer or rootbeer.

I am also going to let you in on a little secret that may or may not have been mentioned, get there before keno starts and you can order food at the bar in the keno lounge. There are only 9 or so seats at the bar and I don't know if you can order from the tables, but if you are dining solo you can skip the 30+ min wait for the cafe and order at the bar.

I can also not forget the Beer, I am a beer guy, I have drank my share of beer across this nation, while the beer at Ellis isn't in my top 5, hell probably not in my top 10, I will say it's good, and hell it's CHEAP!!! $1.75 for a draft before 9:00, you can't beat that with a stick. 

Another insider tip, try the heffy with about 1/3 of the stout on top of it, TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!

I have always wanted to try Metro Pizza, and I have heard many a good thing about the BBQ there, but honestly I never stray from the steak special...is there a need to???
Went here around 3am to try the $6.99 steak special, but I ended up getting a crazy customized 1/2lb angus burger instead. They got everything right except for the sauteed mushrooms which were absent. Burger was tasty though. So was the homemade rootbeer.  Its no Devil's Canyon Brewery rootbeer, but it was better than store bought.  Would love to come here again to try the steak special (which the lady got and enjoyed) and taste their various beers.  And our waitress and host were very attentive and nice. Clientele is very mixed...
Thank you fellow Yelpers! I would never have found such a goldmine of a restaurant had it not been for you. Yeah, the casino is a little dive, but I like these type of places. 

I ate here twice (once for breakfast, once for a late night dinner). The food was incredible for what they charge you. The corned beef hash that I ordered for breakfast was a little salty but good. It came with two eggs, fantastic potatoes, and toast for $5.99. Seriously?! 

The sirloin special for $6.99 was so worth a second meal here. When my bf suggested this place for a late night dinner after seeing The Phantom, I secretly did a happy, little dance. This is the type of Old-School Vegas that I miss. Great food, cheap prices. Anyway, the dinner came with a gorgeous, fresh salad (the blue cheese was yummy), string beans, potato, and a beer from their brewery or rootbeer. I ordered the hefeweizen and I think that it was probably the best hefeweizen that I have ever had. Our bill for 2 was $15 bucks. Can't beat that!!! Love, love love it!
When down on luck and not wanting to break the bank on a $30 buffet one can assuage fears of poverty by eating a $6.99 steak dinner with hand crafted beer and then getting another brew for only $1.50.  My only qualm is that the entire breakfast menu is no longer 24 hours, which makes for a sad me when I went with hopes of a crispy chicken fried steak and eggs at 3 in the afternoon.  Mind you I haven't been here in a year or so, and have no idea when this changed, there are still 3 breakfast specials you can choose all day.
Definitely highly recommended!  if you read this then you should go, no 2nd thoughts!  trust me!!!  just ask for the $6.99 special, it isnt listed on the menu but for that much you cant go wrong with the tall beer, salad, steak and potatoes.   The only downside is the wait can get long so dont lose all your money in the slot, but that could be a plus if you win like we did.  :)
great prime rib for an affordable price!

taxied to ellis island on an empty stomach for a late lunch, but encountered a delay caused by the wait in the restaurant. the hostess said the wait would be approximately 45 mins, but we were seated within 25- 30 mins. i ordered the prime rib that came with the salad, root beer, mash potatoes and string beans. everything was so heavenly. AH! i was really glad my sister recommended this place to eat in LV. 

the place does look a tad bit shabby, since its not a renovating casino, with a modern outlook, but that's alright, because the food makes up for it! 

it's nice knowing this place is 24/7, so totally great for after hour eats. 

definitely coming back when i want some good prime rib without the excessive price.

FYI: taxis don't swing by this location very often, so we had to go the help desk to call for a taxi. when our taxi came, another group attacked the car and stole it from us! so we had to tell the workers again. wasn't so bad since the taxis were prompt.
I have always made an effort to stop by here at least once on my Las Vegas trips. My friend told me about this place a few years ago and is one of the go to restaurants for the locals. There is usually a half an hour wait during peak dinner times. Just something to keep in mind before coming here.

I always get the $6.99 steak special which is a top sirloin filet cut which comes with soup or salad and a huge glass of brew! Very awesome deal for sure! 

A must try spot for cheap and most importantly a good steak in Las Vegas!
Traditional American style food. For the price, I'm really not impressed with it. Didn't get a chance to try the brews though, and that seems to be their specialty.
Had steak dinner the first time; ribs the second time.  The steak special was better.  Pretty good cut of meat, very generous for the price.  Salad was basic iceberg lettuce, tomato.  None of the dressings are good, so order it on the side.  Rib dinner kinda sucked.  Ribs were mostly flavorless and not smoky.  Corn was mushy and not worth eating.  Bread was carelessly burned and barely passable. Beans and slaw nothing to write home about.  Beer is cold, but not very good.  Beer snobs will not be impressed.  BUT THE PRICE IS UNBELIEVABLE.  1 star for service, 2 stars for food, 5 stars for value.  Avg: 3.
There was only one place that was on my "list" for things to do this weekend when I made an impromptu vegas trip - ribs at Ellis Island Casino.  

I stumbled upon this place on my last trip when I had a huge craving for ribs and searching yelp led me to this place.  Before the 4pm start time, a line has already formed for the barbecue place.  There's no menu but all I wanted as ribs.  For $8.99, the half rack + chicken special just can't be beat.  Sodas are also only $1.  

The ribs, while they are not perfect, are very, very good and better than any buffet quality that I've had in Vegas.  

One of the tricks I've realized is that they purposefully force people to wait for a bit.  This weekend, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait but when we got inside, there were tons of empty tables.  They must be doing it to encourage people to play at the slots or tables for half an hour beforehand.  Oh well.  

The last thing I should mention is that while it is off the strip, it's actually pretty walkable back to the main strip.  About 15 minutes or so?  

If you can resist the urge during the wait and if you are looking for a nice bargain, head over to Ellis Island for some ribs!
4.99 breakfast steak and eggs.
6.99? dinner steak, potatos, soup, and beer

Service is good, line/wait time can be pretty bad at times, but for the value, great!

The dinner steak was alot better of a cut, and with medium rare, just right!  They don't season the steak, but still doable for me.

Chicken fried steak was really good as well, that gravy is so good.

I like the karaoke/bar lounge they have, big booths, laid back, and sports showing on the tv's.

$5 dollar blackjack.
Hm.. I couldn't help reading all the reviews of $6.99 top sirloin steak (with baked potato, green beans and root beer) so I had to try this out.   Steak was hmm.. quality you'd get at costco (by the way, no matter how you order it, it comes out the same way), baked potato and beans you'd also be able to get at costco and the root beer was one of the highlights.   It isn't carbonated and room temperature.  My guess is that they brewed it themselves (they're supposed to be the #1 microbrewery in NV).  Personally, I liked the root beer and they put it in a beer glass so you don't look like you're wimping out.   Place is a bit ehhhh, the place is just called "restaurant" (straight ahead of the entrance and oh yeah... $6.99 deal is not on the menu.. just ask for it) and service is HORRIBLE.     All in all... don't expect fancy or unique... just good value and cheap!
Usually, I steer clear of Vegas casinos that offer $12.99 prime rib dinners (don't you?). But lucky for us, Ellis Island is not your usual Vegas haunt - it's off the strip, frequented by locals and such an amazing value.  

Food: Probably best value in town.
-Beers: $1.50 beers 24/7 from their microbrewery. What a steal!
-Prime Rib: Thick cut of juicy, fatty prime rib with jous. Comes with string beans, baked potato, simple salad, and beer(!). Quite possibly the best meal I've had for $12.99.
-Steak & Eggs: Huge piece of sirloin with eggs and breakfast potatoes. Sirloin was not seasoned and actually too tough for my taste. But it was $10 so imperfections are forgivable.

Wait: I called around 7pm on a Friday and they told me the wait would be about an hour. When I asked when they'd slow down, they said 3pm-4pm or  midnight. ;) Needless to say, expect a long wait on weekend nights. 

Atmosphere: Feels like a family diner. Friendly quick service.

Casino: Great way to kill time and lose money. $5 blackjack. Slot machines galore. Don't get suckered in like we did. They let you sit at the slot machines even if you're not playing. And there's a small bar where you can watch the game for free. ;) Oh and you can hear your number called from anywhere in the casino.
There are two restaurants here, we went to the BBQ in the front of the casino. EXCELLENT and a GREAT PRICE!
Baby back ribs are fall off the bone tender and sauce is not too sweet, with a little kick. At $11.99 (with players card) a full rack! Microbrew beer $1.50, other drinks including Rootbeer $1.00.
Great "after the club" food.  After drinking and partying on the strip, head over to Ellis island for their 4.99 steak and eggs graveyard special.  It ain't no ruth's chris steakhouse but not bad for $4.99.  Actually not bad for $7.99 either. *4.99 steak and eggs is only available after 11 pm and is not on the menu
omfg....lorilla men...you are my life savers.

this is an awesome place. a while rack of delicious ribs for UNDER $15. hell under $12. the ribs come slathered in sauce and with garlic bread, beans, and corn. surprisingly i ate most of my whole rack. the bf got the chicken. i could have cared less about the chicken. it's the ribs! i'm looking forward to the next time i'm in vegas for ribs!! oh and root beer!
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a 4 since they have cheap beer.

The $6.99 steak dinner that everyone talks about on here no longer comes with the free beer I'm afraid, but it's still pretty good for the price. Plus, the huge 20 oz. beers are only $1.50 at the bar, $2.00 in the restaurant, pocket change really.

Decent quality food (comparable to your neighborhood grill), not a very fancy establishment, but service is quick & waiters are friendly. The wait is usually very long, we came on a Sunday night at 8pm, were told we'd have a 1hr 20min wait, but ended up getting seated around 8:45pm. It goes by quick if you grab a beer at the bar & play some video poker.

Definitely worth it if you can't resist a good deal!
medium rare - checked
over easy eggs - checked
rye toast - checked
ahh back in vegas again! yup! My first stop - ellis island for some cheap and good food. I didn't order their $6.99 special this time... i wanted something smaller since i'll be going to Hikari restaurant for dinner..so i ordered the steak and eggs for $4.99.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=T0tlrDm-2f3IxYfMPBBlsw

satisfied tummy - checked checked
Awesome BBQ! If the wait is too long and you're not in the mood for blackjack, the $7 steak dinner is a deal and a half. Try the Heifeweizen.
If your in Vegas on a budget or not you must stop by Ellis Island and have a prime rib dinner and their home brew!   You can't beat their 24/7 prices and friendly service. The food is not OMG but its f---ing great! 
Tu-Pac got shot in front of this place so make sure you pour one on the street for him.
This place gets 4 stars because it makes my husband happy.

After finding this little place and doing a little research, he decided we had to stop in for breakfast during our recent trip to Vegas. You know a place is gonna be good when you hear this exchange between a waitress and the host: "Take them to table 8." "That table is wobbly." "Well put a book under it!" Awesome.

After a very short wait we were seated. I didn't expect this place to be as busy as it was at 8:30 on a Sunday morning! Our waitress was very nice and efficient. I just had eggs with potatoes and toast, and for $3.99 its as good a simple breakfast as you could get anywhere else. My husband had their "special" which was steak and eggs for $5.99, plus their house beer for $2. I think its the cheap beer that he was in love with the most, never mind that it was 8:30 in the morning. My sister had the corned beef hash and eggs, and she gave it a good review. 

The casino isn't much to talk about, but we were just here for the food anyway. The prices can't be beat and the quality is decent. We'll definitely be back.
My Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! The BBQ Ribs are phenomenal, along with the $1 beers. Such a great Brewery!!!
Best ribs in Vegas! Locals favorite. Microbrews for $1.50 and they are really good. The only reason I did not give 5 full stars is the hour to 2 hour wait to get a seat, as I said... locals favorite.
$6.99 yep... 

Steak cooked perfectly, salad, beans, bread, potato and hand crafted rootbear or beer. 

$6.99...

Ps if you see a really nice old lady by herself please join her for dinner, she is super nice. Her name is Jean and tell her Daren from Arizona said hello.
We ate here two times on our most recent trip to Las Vegas.  Ellis Island has great nightly specials (seemed to run at about $5.99) along with their well-known steak special ($6.99).  We sample the steak special, a half chicken special, a fried chicken special, and the fish and chips.  I love that the steak special comes with a house brew, I had the light lager and it was good.  It's nice when you can find a microbrew for $2 also.  If you have a car, stop by Ellis Island.  Be warned the second night we had about a 45 minute wait, and as with most Vegas eateries don't expect 4 star service, all the places seem to need to double their wait staff.
Definitely part of the Vegas experience: $12.99 prime rib (cooked just right) w/ horseradish cream, buttered green beans, iceberg lettuce salad with croutons and ranch, fries, & a beer... it doesn't get better than this. 

Located just off the strip (1 long city block behind Bally's) it's definitely worth the trek. It's got the diner feel with the crimson booth seating to match. Quick efficient service (check comes out with your meat!), competitive prices, and satisfying portions. And, they brew their own beer. Awesome!

We went on a Monday around noon-- no wait whatsoever, but the place was still pretty packed.
How can you not like Ellis Island, its next to the worlds largest Super 8 for gods sake. Cheap eats, ridiculous Karaoke, and cheap beer i mean seriously people this is a must do for the budget minded person in Vegas. 
I personally have the steak special at least once a month for $6.99 for lunch since my office is close. Its not the greatest cut of meat in the world but its decent, i get the mashed potatoes because i like the gravy and then the obvious green beans that are quite tasty. I dont drink beer but hear that its quite tasty but the root beer seems to be on point when i have it with my meal. Aside from the steak special you can find graveyard breakfast specials as well and they even have a daily menu on the chalkboard at the entrance of the place. Dont expect to have a gourmet meal on this menu but its decent hardy food at VERY affordable prices and you will leave full. I look forward to trying the ribs that everybody is talking about. And if there is a guy on stage getting way into singing "eye of the tiger" during Karaoke, tips are appreciated... thank you.
It can't get any better than 4.99 steak and eggs..especially after a long night of dancing and drinking on the strip. 

I haven't tried anything else besides the steak special, but I definitely want to try this place out during lunchtime the next time I am in town. You might not be a winner coming out of the casino but you're always a winner here haha :D
How can you go wrong with $6.99 steak special with buttery green beans, garlic mashed taterz and your choice of 4 award winning beers?

Delicious food for seriously great value.  Totally worth wandering off the strip and into the ghetto Vegas boonies for breaky/lunchy/dinny/4th mealy.  They also have $10.99 Chinese/Italian/Mexican food specials on random nights of the week.  

Lost 1 star because of the hour long wait...but with their fabulous prices, it's no wonder they're so popular!
Ellis Island is one of my favorites!
I've been going there for years, so I figure its time I review it.  Last night we went there for the BBQ which is always awesome & a great price, especially if you have a club card. BEWARE the wait for the BBQ is usually at least an hour , but well worth it. We past the time at the bar enjoying the house brews which are $1.50 each....as if that weren't enough, the people watching there is outstanding (I'll leave it at that). After being seated we ordered the full rack of ribs & the half ribs half chicken combo. It was amazing as usual (best BBQ in town if you ask me). Both dishes came with 2 pieces of corn on the cob, a small side of cold slaw, small side of baked beans & 2 slices of garlic toast. The plates are actually turkey platters, and I've yet to see someone empty their plate. It was more than we could eat and enough for a meal the next day. The best part is our bill was only $23!  Who can beat that! All in all I truly recommend it to everyone that visits.
10 oz steak, baked potatoe, green beens, soup or salad, AND a beer for $6.99!!! The steak was deliciously cooked, our waiter was very friendly, our food came out quickly...can't get any better than this!

On a sad note, 2pac was killed at this intersection....pour out a little liquor for him
We decided to hit this place up after reading the reviews.  When my husband and I arrived at Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, we were not aware that there are 2 different dining areas.  There is a BBQ restaurant by the door and a restaurant towards the back of the casino.  

The BBQ restaurant is to the immediate left of the front door.  There is an inside and an outside seating area.  If it is really cold and windy outside, do not expect to be able to change your seating to the inside immediately.  The host will re-list you at the end of the list for inside seating.  Many tables of people complained and asked to be reseated inside but it was not happening.

The BBQ menu has two separate prices- it is cheaper when you join your player's club.  Just put your name on the list and go sign up for the player's club.  After 24 hours, they even give you a $10 match play.  The BBQ menu consists of a small menu or chicken, beef or ribs and the estimated wait for us was 1 hour and 40 minutes.  Get there early, place your name on the list and wait.  It will be totally worth it!  We were hooked and had to come back the next day to patronize the restaurant.

At the restaurant, the $6.99 steak special is served with a side salad and your choice of fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato was also worth the 40 minute wait.  We found the karaoke room by the restaurant and parked our asses in the seats so there was no temptation to keep gambling until your number is called.  Remember to ask for your dressing on the side, the kitchen just ladled a ton onto our salad.  It almost looked like a stew when we got it. 

While you are waiting, get one of their special brews for only $1.50 at the bar!!!!  The dark beer was one of the best that I have ever had and I managed to have 4 before I was able to be seated for dinner.  I am definitely coming back here the next time I am in Vegas.  Both meals have beat out any buffet that I have had at the Bellagio.
I'll happily skip the restaurant, but the brews and BBQ? Those hit the spot. Great deals on a full rack of ribs and EIB Hefe is my favorite.

The BBQ Patio doesn't seat many and it's popular, be prepared to wait.... an hour or more during peak times.
I give this 5 stars because from what I can remember, my experience was excellent, It was also an experience that I had inebriated and at 4am, but hey! those are only minor details. 

This would probably not be the same review my girls would write, as they watched me devour a plate of french toast, eggs and sausage with a face as if they had just walked out of a Andy Gump, but hey, this is my review right! right?!?

Vegas is full or restaurants, fancy pancy ones and the ones you can just go get what you want,  lights are dim, food concentration type of joints. I will definitely return to this establishment on my next 4-5am missions in Vegas.
A short jaunt behind Bally's for $6.99 for soup or salad, sirloin + garlicky green beans + a potato side, a beer in a cute skinny glass (pilsner shaped but taller), and sourdough bread rolls. 2 people could definitely share one special. Had the hefe and the amber ale, they were both just okay. The BF kept insisting that the amber ale was stronger than usual, but I think his stomach was just empty.

Around 3pm we got in the restaurant with no wait, but the service was also pretty slow. We wanted to get to the casino!

One roulette ($4 min), one BJ table. Couple variety of slots that weren't bad. They don't give you your $10 in free play until 24 hrs later, forcing you to return. Also, "5x" points is really the lowest denominator of points since they have 5-12x points everyday of the week. Meh.
Damn... so here's the back story. A couple friends and I decided to go to Vegas for the night (we're from LA, so it's quite a drive). I DDed, so it was not as fun for me as it was for them, but f*** it, it's still Vegas. We were hungry around 3AM (after several hours of gambling and partying) and heard about this place. We yelped it and decided to give it a go.

It was totally worth yelping--it turns out there's a special not on the menu. Two, actually. (The actual menu isn't bad, and is still relatively inexpensive, but damn... these off the menu specials are where it's at.) One is steak and eggs (with toast and potatoes), which I got for $5. The other is (as mentioned below) steak with soup, sides, and a beer for only $7! The beer is a full pint (which I would have gotten if not DD), and seemed worth it to my friends (there are several options of house beers on tap). I can say that I was pleased with my choice (mediocre steak, but for $5, totally worth it). It truly hit the spot--I can only imagine coming here to eat it as drunk food. Honesty, I'd probably have given it another star if I was drunk.

The only downside was the service. It was friendly, yet very slow. It took  maybe 10 minutes to get seated (even though there are empty tables, I think they limit the number of people eating because they don't have enough servers). It also took a while to get the food (but service was attentive when it came). So like aforementioned, if drunk and time were to have flown by, I'd probably have cared a whole lot less. 

All in all, I'm coming back here again. Though the next time, I'm gonna be F-ed up. And it's going to be amazing.
If you have atleast an hour maybe two before you want to eat then Ellis Island is definitely a good place to go for some good, cheap grub. We went here three times during our four days in Vegas and finally decided to wait on the last night. They put us on the list and we were number 73 and that it would be a 45 minute wait... As soon as I put my name on the list they called out numbers 32, 33, and 34. My husband wanted ribs so we decided to go get him ribs over at the BBQ spot since we had so much time to wait. Well they told u. s it would be an hour and a half. Instead he decided he would eat at the other restaurant with me. After gambling for abput an hour we finally heard our number so we went over to the restaurant and were seated. Our waiter seemed a little slow (and I don't only mean his speed) but we read the menu and were happy to see such a great selection and great prices. I ordered the club sandwich which was delicious and my husband ordered the chicken fried steak which was actually pork. He was aprehensible at first but decided to go with it anyways and he loved it. He kept saying how full he was then he would take another bite until the whole thing was gone. The food was good but I also think the down to earth atmosphere made our time at ellis island and enjoyable experience.
I had always heard of this place, but never was adventurous enough to actually go in... until last Friday, and wow, has my world changed.

It's basically a whole in the wall behind the strip - a place for locals, most definitely, but as shady and old as it looks, they sure do have one hell of a deal! 

Although not on the menu, and you may have to ask your waiter, there is a steak dinner for 6.99 or a steak breakfast for 4.99.  Breakfast comes with the steak, eggs, hash browns and toast.  Dinner comes with your choice of french fries/mashed potatoes/baked potatoes, side of greens, soup, steak and a pint of their house beer.  TOTALLY EFFIN' WORTH IT! 

The steak itself was pretty decent, considering the price.  It's definitely around the Denny's quality, but slightly better in taste and significantly better in price.

Service was a bit slow, and it definitely seemed like there was only one cook in the back, but the staff is very friendly.  Our waitress in particular was very attentive and accommodating.  My drunk friends and I were definitely not the most... polite guests.  We were definitely quite loud and obnoxious for those around us, actually, but she was really sweet, made sure not to sit anyone near us, and even fulfilled my bizarre request for Lemonade and my favorite Vodka - Stolichnaya.  As strange as it was, not only did she bring it out, but also brought out an extra glass of lemonade. :] It turned out I really needed it because there was definitely more than just a shot in there... and the best part is, she only charged me for a shot! :D 

Good deal. Good people. I'm definitely coming back again.
I was not full of expectations when I see that a full prime rib dinner is going for $12.99, including a glass of beer.  We're lodging on the 'Strip and this casino reminds me of the places that handle the overflow and lo-rollers on the weekends.
Ellis Island has two restaurants on the floor.  One is the excellent rib joint/brewery where you can't take your kids into.  The 24/7 restaurant allows minors and offers the awesome prime rib special.  I challenge you to find a better value and great tasting prime rib at this price.
No reservations, but free parking.  
Viva Ellis Island, I will be back.
So I'm at Road Runner for breakfast yesterday morning and the bartender, Blaine, told me this place is the bomb, so since I was in the hood and it's been 4 hours since I had sushi at Sushi Fever the Beast needs to feast! 

Blaine is no stranger to rough neighborhoods as a former person that would be in the know for a major player on the strip (didn't ask, just gettin some grub after my 5 am Spin and 1600 swim). Wow I must remember this is not about me).  Blaine warned me this is not a place you want to be after the witching hour as it's a nightly "Pimps and Ho's event with the Varsity players and from the size of the massive and abundant security staff there, I'd say there may be some validity to B's warning.)

So I walk in, it's Friday, good foot traffic; not the Beemer crowd but nice, down to earth folks. ie, as I was cruisin the lot for a parking spot a guy flagged me down to let me know he's leaving. Nice, right? Anyway, it's a brewery and casino but the smoke wasn't bad; noticeable but not sinus hair burning. 

I don't normally drink, but wanted to sample one of their homemade brews.  I ordered a "Light" and it was very good.  I light the refreshing qualities of a Pilsner.  Went really well with the food I'm about to drop the 411 on yah.

The "restaurant" has limited fare. Don't expect to find lettuce or tofu here. This is pure Saturday afternoon, college tailgating, pig and yard bird BBQ. Carnivore City baby.

You walk in the front, turn right, pass the bar and you're there. Easy to find. On the Host's stand the menu offers a full rack of ribs, a half rack, a half chicken, or the combo. Comes with corn on the cob, baked beans and bread that I saw them grill... Pavlovian moment here; excuse me.  Awww SNAP!!! It's F Bombing here!!! Gotta get my grub on! BRB! Dang!

...Okay, I have nothing else to add here. It's as if I got choked out by a Gracie and when I woke up, it was over! Just a plate covered with pork and fowl bones, some fractured styrofoam containers and my stuffed belly causin' chaos with my gig line.  (a gig line is the line created by your pants zipper, belt buckle and shirt buttons).

 In the afterglow... Please bear with me. I need to cuddle and spoon now. Wow that was good! He'll, it's was fantastic. Filling, hot, flavorful, and NO processed food at all. Good stuff Maynard!   Don't geddit twisted, it's not the Meaa Grille but it got down Charlie Brown! 

I started with the chicken. The meat was smokey, moist, tender, succulent, full of flavor, not just from the Q but the actual bird was tasty... Scratch "moist", let's use "juicey" here. Left the breast to simmer as I hear the half rack of babybacks a callin... Here Mikey, Mikey, Mikey, Mikey!!! The rib meat came off the bone easily, but not over done. They had the perfect texture and M E A T Y!!! Wooo hooo, they were thick! The sauce was tangy with a molasses/vinegar twang. Kept dippin' into the side sauce provided.  Good grub!

The beans weren't of the sweet variety but more savory. I like em.

The Cole slaw was cold, crispy, and tangy without the overwhleming slipperiness brought on by excessive mayo... I liked it! 

You get a whole cob of corn! It's a bit over done for my taste, but it's not my house. It was good though. Did not have butter which amazes me.  

Grilled sourdough. Do I really need to say anything? I do wish they'd slather some garlic and olive oil on it though. 

If you want to pig out on the cheap with some great food, you gotta get down at the Island, but before the witching hour, okay?

PS...if you apply for a free Player's Club Card you get $10 to gamble and a discount on your meal.

Enjoy!  

Chow!
I love the BBQ deal here! 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9! Go early and expect an hour wait. It's worth it. The ribs are cooked to perfection, and the sauce is excellent. They have a master griller of sorts out back who cooks everything on a giant long grill to the delight of the outdoor customers. (Beer is $1.50; I didn't drink this time).

Also, don't get stuck playing blackjack...especially if you're a terrible gambler like me. That $9 meal will turn into $35 quicker than you can say 'hit me'.
Hit or Miss. The place itself- the casino, the atmosphere, the restaurant- is a dive/dump and very old. I came here twice on my recent business trip to Vegas. The first night was impressive- delicious steak dinner with excellent salad, sides, etc. The second visit the food was not so good- overcooked steak, extremely slow service (30 minutes to get our drinks) even after me going up to the server 3 different times while being polite saying 'hey, we're still waiting for our drinks... should we just go up to the bar?' She only had 4 tables to service and was the slowest and most inefficient server I've ever had in my life lol. Based on feedback from my friends and other reviews- I guess this is a hit or miss place. Even though it's an incredible food deal, I don't know if I'll be back if ever in Vegas again because the wait/service is terrible.
Proof that Vegas is worth saving when the asteroid hits in 2012.  Local's Vegas, Old school Vegas.  Seedy Vegas.  I love it.  Affordable, real, interesting.  Get the secret steak special with BIG beers, two eat for $20.  Steak's good, ambience is locals enjoying the real deal - check out the Age of Sail Battle paintings in the restaurant.  The line at the hostess says it all.
Seriousy, best root beer ever. I had been smacking my lips all through La Reve thinking about our post-show root beer. I thought maybe the hype was too much, that I would be completely underwhelmed at my first sip.

I wasn't. It is still just as good as the hype I had in my mind. The bf and I actually took some of it to go for our drive home before we left.
WOW... Definitely check this place out for a cheap steak dinner, 24 hours a day.

Ellis Island has one poppin' deal for late night-ers that may have lost a bit of money on slots and can't afford the $9.99 prime rib dinners in other restaurants.

This small casino & restaurant is hidden behind the strip, but completely worth the visit (I actually find adventures away from the strip to be much more worthwhile, esp. after you've seen the touristy parts of Las Vegas).  Small but cozy; I definitely saw a lot of tourists and locals inside.

The real winner of Ellis Island's restaurant is the $4.99 steak and eggs dinner, and the $6.99 steak dinner.  They're not listed on the menu, but ask them for it!  The steak dinner includes their soup of the day, a choice of sides including fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato, and greens.  The steak is cooked to your desire (medium-rare all the way baby!), and to top it off... you get a pint of one of their house beers!  $7 meal... TOTALLY WORTH IT!

My friends and I also celebrated our friends birthday and got a brownie drowned in ice cream with a candle on top.  Service itself was slow when I went, but it may have just been that evening.

Parking is limited in front.  Street parking is available as well.
Best Bang for the Buck! In 8 years of living in Vegas, I never knew about this place until my out-of-town co-workers told me about it. It's OLD SCHOOL, smokey and all (which blows). It's behind Ballys on Koval, next to a convenience store. It looked far worse than I had imagined, but the food was far superior than I had expected.

There are two restaurants: The standard and the BBQ. From the regular restaurant, you can get a steak dinner (beer included) for $6.50. I haven't had it myself, but my Dutch co-worker kept raving about the filet mignon he got for $7. He told me, "That was the BEST filet I've ever had!" (and he's an older dude who's been around the world a few times). The menu there had all the usual suspects from big breakfasts to big dinners of all kinds.

I went to the BBQ joint for the 1/2 rack baby back ribs $7 and decided to add 1/2 BBQ Chicken for $2 more (beer NOT included). But their homebrew in a tall pilsner is only $1.50. Their amber was nutty and refreshing. The guy manning the BBQ pit told me they pressure cook the ribs for over 2 hrs so it falls off the bone, then he finishes it off over the flames with sauce. It came with 2 corns on the cob, slaw, beans, and toast. (see pic).

If you're sick of being gouged on The Strip, then walk a block on Flamingo to Koval, and enjoy how Vegas used to be... cheap!
$6.99 sirloin cut steak + soup or salad + baked potato or mashed potato + steamed veggies + microbrew beer = kick butt awesome.  This is a dive casino and restaurant; located one block off from the strip by Flamingo road.  This place is for locals and you aren't going to find people in here dressed to go to TAO or JET.  What you will find is a relaxing atmosphere with lots of locals singing karaoke in the bar and gambling in the casino.  The steak dinner is not on the menu so you have to let the waiter or waitress know that you want the steak dinner special.  The place is open 24 hours and it was so good that I came here twice on my recent trip.  

Ps.  I also found out that they have a $4.99 steak and egg special as well and it's not on the menu either.  Another plus was that I also won meals for both me and my better half on our second visit after the club at 2AM.
I went back and ordered the same thing, but this time, my steak was overcooked.  I'm thinking that the cook is a hit or miss kind of thing. :[ 

Hopefully next time will be better. (And yes, I would still go back another time - it's a deal that can't be passed up!)
Sighs I think they place may be overhyped. We came here expecting amazing steak and eggs at an amazing price. =/ The food was alright, you kinda get what you pay for and that's what we got.
I like this place! 
The food is cheap, and it's pretty good!
I got the country fried chicken, which by the way I love!
There was so much, I couldn't finish it! 
The prices are pretty good!
I just wish we didn't have to pay for the other couple who came along, because they were broke! UGH! 

I would love to come back here!
By the way, this restuarant is kind of hidden. 
That's what I thought when we got there. 
It's located in the back of the strip. 
If that makes any sense.
Best BBQ in Vegas!!!! Get here early( it starts st 4) the line gets long. Pizza was good the one time I had it while doing karaoke but that was after 244 beers!!!!
Ok the 6.99 steak special makes this hole in the wall a fantastic choice! You get a great lean steak, soup or salad, baked potato, green beans, and a freshly brewed beer or rootbeer. 

You would think at this price the food would be horrible but the exact opposite is true. The steak is lean and delicious and the microbrew beer and rootbeer are amazing! It is a must visit while in las vegas!! Plus hearing the karaoke from the next room is a glorious touch!
As an update: I come back here all the time... I've been back 2/3 times since I've been back to Vegas. The $10 promotional play for joining their player's club, you have to wait 24 hours for to be in effect. The $5 steak and eggs dinner is their graveyard special (so only in effect after midnight), but their $7 steak dinner is all the time. Still, highly recommended and I'm going to have to come back to use my slot play.
This place has all things i look for in a restaurant
1. Super-duper-cheap
2. Good
Now they have a restaurant and a BBQ pit. This review is for the BBQ pit. There are only 3 things on the menu half rack, full rack, or combo half rack and chicken. I always share the combo and it only 8.99 for giant proportions. Now realistically, taste wise its only a 3 on the bbq scale of things, but 8.99 for 2 people?!?!?!?!?! thats always 5 star in my book.
Came here in the middle of the night of hungery since our party didn't have time to grub. After a long day seeing ferrets at the pet store, winning stuffed amimals at circus circus, watching KA, and clubbing at Tryst, we were spent. 

TASTE:
This time around I got the steak and eggs (when I was sober). The meat was overcooked. Next time I will definitely order it a little less under cooked than I want it. Eggs and buttered toast went Down deliciously. Sadly they wouldn't do take out so we couldn't bring food back for other people.
The steak speical with a beer is definitely worth it. I think the food tastes better when your buzzed or when your taste buds ae numed.  

SERVICE:
The waiter wasn't that bad. Just their no take out was a bummer. And our dd couldn't subsitute a beer for a coke. Only the root beer that wasn't very carbonated and was overly sweet. We didn't have to wait at all this time to get seated. I guess 1 am in the morning is still early for a midnight dinner. 

AMBIANCE:
Can't complain. Downside is that the restroom is outside on the casino so you have to walk out if you need to tinkle. 

For the price you pay and the awesome hours they're open, this place is a drunken treasure.
For the price, this place cannot be beat.  My gf ordered the steak dinner special for $6.99 (steak, baked potato, green beans, salad, and root beer or beer).  What a deal!!!  I ordered the King Cut Prime Rib special for $12.99.  The horseradish sauce and au jus were great!  The prime rib was medium-rare just like I requested.  It was delicious overall.

Next time I'm trying the ribs since everyone says they are worth it!

Ellis Island is a must-stop whenever I'm in Vegas.... soooo worth it!!
About 5 years ago, it there used to be $4.95 Steak w/ Root Beer at the restaurant and BBQ had $6.95 BBQ Deal raised prices since I was last there but it's a steal with the amount of food you get. They also brew their own beer and sell them at $1 each!

I fee so bad for the Waiters/ Waitresses, they're always busy no matter the time or day. So if you're coming here on an empty stomach, be prepared, sometimes you can wait for a couple hours. We end up at the table games to pass up the time.

It's a small, old casino, most of the people that go there are locals and a small number of tourists. No glitz or glamour here but good food and great service.
Good God, this was a great breakfast experience!  Biscuits & Gravy, potatoes, bacon.  I even got a hot chocolate to boot.  I thoroughly enjoyed my food.  The prices are real cheap and the portions are real big, not to mention awesome greasy spoon fare.  My dining companions raved about the steak special and they say the meat is good too.  Plus a brewery that has good beer too!  You would never know that so much good stuff is in this place.  It pays to get off the strip!

Why the 4 stars instead of the whole she-bang!?  One - I could not swap the ham for bacon on the Biscuits & Gravy special plate.  Okay, fine.  I ordered the items I really wanted separately and the price cost the same as the special.  But hey, I wanted the swap.  Two - our waitress was not very attentive.  It was a busy morning, so I will not go too hard on her, but getting a glass of water and getting plates cleared was just not happening that morning.  Oh well.

I will be back, that is for damn sure.  Bring on the gravy!!!
Went here because of yelp reviews. Had the steak special for 6.99. Service was really good. Steak meal was ok. Top sirloin needed more seasoning.
This review is for the 24hr restaurant only!   The casino itself kinda sucks.... poor slot machine selection!  lol.

Came here today around 7pm...  was told the wait would be about 45 min, although we were probably seated about 25 min later.  My friend and I both went with the steak special for $6.99.   Normally I'm bit of a steak snob...  and would never consider eating something like this...  I am of the opinion you can make as good or better steak at home than most restaurants (except the really good ones of course) serve for about $25.  I refuse to eat steak at places like Outback for example...  However for $6.99, who cares if it sucks.  

So, I went with the steak, medium-rare, baked potato, side salad and a root beer.  Salad was very basic...  but fresh and pretty good actually.  Root beer was delicious.  And the steak was actually pretty good.  It's a really thick cut sirlion, probably about in the 8 oz. range.  Was cooked pretty much how I ordered it (was actually kind of surprised they didn't overcook it more).  Baked potato was good and the green beens that came with it weren't bad either.  

For the price this really is a great meal.  You'd probably pay at least $15 for something similar at most "cheaper" restaurants, and it probably wouldn't be as good.  And they have both A-1 and heinz steak sauce if you so desire.  I'd definitely recommend ordering it mid-rare.... any more done and it would probably be a little tough...  

My friend went with the light beer instead of root beer... and thought it was awful...lol.  I didn't try it...  but maybe he just has something against light beers.
5 Stars for probably the best deal this side of Las Vegas!!!

$6.99 will get you a steak, bake potato, salad and a beer!!! I think I've just struck the jackpot!

Okay, I know it's a little off the strip, but easy walking distance from Bally's! The look of the place time warps me back to the 1980's with horrible decor and lighting. Ewe! But when you're down to eat a $6.99 steak deal you're not there for the aesthetic beauty of the place or lack there of, you're there for the meat and beer! For those reviews that state that beer is not included, this is not correct. BEER IS STILL INCLUDED FOR THE $6.99 STEAK DINNER!!! Yipe!!! 

So...
$500 bottle service at Vanity
$150 3-course dinner for two at Stripsteak
$1000+ gambling 

But, a $6.99 steak dinner is priceless!!!
A well known secret is really not a secret right??  The best BBQ in the planet, other than my brother's because he has his own secret recipe and I am not telling anyone  ;)

Starting @ 4:30 and closing @ 10PM, the Ellis Island BBQ has a long well worth wait!!!  I always order the 1/2 BBQ chicken and 1/2 rack ribs combo. For 10.99 you also get potatoes, corn on the cob and cole slaw with an extra side of Honey smoked BBQ sauce for your dipping enjoyment!!

You had best believe my brother and I tore that huge plate up!!  The ladies that were with us could only partake of half their plates. So guess who had BBQ chicken and ribs for breakfast the next day!!??  ALL OF US!!!  haha

 I thought about taking pictures to prove how large the portions are so it well worth the 2 hour wait. The waiter was kind enough to notify us if we want to wait another hour for outside (where the grill is located and you constantly inhale the aroma) or inside where you can eat NOW!!! I chose to eat now!!!

I would defintely wait the 2 hours again!!!
i dont drink or use drugs but i swear to you that i went to this place and i had some BOMB bbq chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, beans, coleslaw and corn on the cob for like 6 bucks. when the bill came i was confused. i am so happy that i found this place. i went back again for a second time and it was a 2.5 hour wait and people were not budging. that should tell you how good it is.
This was great for a change of pace.  $1.50 for their brewed beers.  My friend ordered a shot and a beer and came running over to us exclaiming "GUESS HOW MUCH THIS COST?!?!?  $4!!!!!"  AWESOME.  I ordered a vodka & soda, it was $2.50 but HORRIBLE.  Their vodka came from a gun at the bar and I just couldn't bring myself to drink it, but for $2.50 I didn't complain and just got a beer instead.  We mostly hungout in the bar and watched Karokee.  It was a good night and not even too far off the strip!
Where else are you going to find a deal as amazing as a $6.99 steak dinner? How about nowhere?

I'm giving it 5 stars this time because our service was STELLAR. She was better than some servers I've had at 5 star restaurants. I wish that I remembered her name because she was awesome! Always filling out drinks, bussing our table, and she did it all with a smile on her face. Even when the ghetto trash in the next table was giving her a hard time about the bill. 

Oh yeah, food was good (again) too.
Where do you go when you've emptied your wallet in the club and casinos, but you want to eat like royalty for cheap? Ellis Island, of course. When I say eat like royalty I mean huge portions of meat with sides. 

Considering the price you are paying, it is not  fine dining quality food or ambiance. You're pretty much in a greasy diner, but hey just let that grease soak up last night's alcohol while you recover from the Vegas hangover.

Watch out for wait times, especially during brunch, lunch or dinner rushes (that's a good amount of the day). Sometimes I feel like they make you wait so you're forced to play in the casino - don't fall for it! Just stand your ground and wait it out for that juicy heaping of steak you'll be getting.
My whole family went for the 6.99 steak dinner. Do it you won't be disappointed. You get a nice salad to start, a 10oz sirloin, a baked potato (or fries or mashed), a good portion of fresh green beans, and a 20 draft beer (brewed here).  

I did notice some people were having difficulty getting their steak cooked exactly right. for instance we all ordered medium steaks, but they came medium rare. Fine for us as we usually order that way. If you need it fixed they will be happy to do it. Just don't be a freakin weanie about it (like the guy at the table next to us). It's a 6.99 steak dinner, not Ruths Chris. It's quality food and a great value for the price, 

Oh, the service was outstanding. Very very fast.
I've been to Vegas dozens of times and I can't believe I've missed this place. The $6.99 steak dinner was a great value, and I thought the steak was perfectly acceptable. The baked potato seemed like it had been cooked a week ago and reheated, but the steak made up for it. The service was good, and the parking is plentiful. This was actually the best meal I had during three days in Vegas eating at fancy places on on the strip, which is pretty sad.
We went here on our last day for some Breakfast. I was under the impression that you can get a Steak and Eggs Breakfast for under $4.99, but that is only offered between 11pm- 6am. Regardless, the place has pretty Good food and the Service is Friendly. Grace our Server, was very Friendly and very Comedic. The place is a Casino, but also has a BBQ restaurant and a Karaoke bar. We started off with Coffee and Fresh squeezed Orange juice. We mostly ordered the Corn Beef Hash and Eggs with Potatoes for $5.99. The in-laws ordered the Short stack Buttermilk for $3.99. My Brother ordered the Italian Sausage which was a little "Spicy". All the food came out pretty quick, and as I mentioned before; it was very Good. There are Daily Specials like Asian Night on Thursday and Italian Night where they offer specific Menu choices and Themes. I was happy I got a chance to try out their Breakfast, but will look forward to try some of their other Menu items.
Best Value in Vegas.   A trip to Vegas isn't complete without stopping in to Ellis Island.  The BBQ is excellent, but be warned, a wait of 2 hours + is not uncommon....but hey you are in Vegas, put your name in and head for the tables.
The Steak special is also really good, $6.99 comes with potato, garlic green beans and sald...AND a beer.  No place in Vegas even comes close to Ellis Island when it comes to value.  Is it the best steak you have ever eaten?  No...but is it the best steak dinner under $20 you will get?  Absolutely.  An additional note...cocktail service at the tables and slots is also very good.
As many times as I have gone to Las Vegas the last few years, I never managed to make time to stop at Ellis Island but this time, my friends and I made the effort before hitting the road back to LA to stop for dinner...and by far has this place topped our dining options over any other place in Vegas.  Located a few blocks away from the main strip, the gaming and dining area is fairly crowded.  Below are my pros and cons about this restaurant...with my overall review at the bottom...

Pros

- most delicious ribs EVER with mouth-watering beans/corn
- large portions bang for the buck
- fun atmosphere--very "back in the days" like theme of Vegas

Cons

- small dining area--should be bigger for the amount of people that
  visit there
- disorganized call-waiting system...the casino's fairly loud with all the
  machine noises going on...should have something better...
- gotta wait a long time before they can seat you...esp for a group of
  six or more

Overall

If I had more time next time and didn't have to rush (time not being a factor), I would go for sure.  Great choice! =)
Still amazing!  So amazing, I ordered TWO entrees for myself at ONCE!  Yup, that's right.  I couldn't decide between the Steak and Eggs or the Shrimp Scampi so I ordered both like a fatass.  The steak and eggs came with...steak..and eggs.  Haha.  The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly with a side of crunchy potato bites.  Anyone who doesn't think all this for $5 is an amazing deal is crazy!  The shrimp scampi, described in my previous review, wasn't as great this time but still pretty good for $9.

My boyfriend ordered the prime rib "special", in quotations because it's not really a special, it's just always a good deal!  I had a bite and omg, it melted in my mouth.  Friends&co got the steak sirloin deal for $6.99 and they loved it.

I'm happy to say that Ellis Island has not gone downhill!  It's still a must for drunken nights after the club!  The only thing that has changed is that their table mats no longer give free $5 blackjack play.  Now you get $10 free play but only if you sign up =/  Still, I'll come for the food any day!
I have a thing for value and food. The 24 hour cafe restaurant inside has several items which keep bringing me back. I have been eating here for many years, after switching my regular dinner spot from Terrible's 24 hour cafe upstairs. The daily specials, such as the Sunday only spaghetti plus meatballs & soup or salad for $3.99 & the everyday 10 ounce sirloin steak with vegetables, choice of starch, soup or salad and beer or root beer for $6.99 are good choices. The beer is made on-site and it is some of the best I've had. Mae, a hostess has been great, please say Chris has sent you.

The barbecue restaurant next to the cafe serves some amazing portions for the price. Bring your players card for a small discount. Be prepared to wait 30 plus minutes after ordering, everything is made to order. The beer is only $1.50 at the time of this review and can be ordered at the table or bar. The wait to get into either restaurant can be considerable, so have a friend arrive early to get a number. Tipping the host or hostess for faster entry can work, if the manager is not on top of the host.

I have brought many groups of people here. It is a bit of a dive, but makes up for itself in its value. Enjoy and cheers!
This place is still top notch, but as of July 1st beers are now $1.75, granted the beer is still great and it's the cheapest microbrew in the city, just thought you should know.

Oh and if you go try the Heffy with a splash of stout...you can thank me later
The food was alright here, but the wait and service was much to be desired in this grungy local eatery. The place isn't big at all, maybe seating for 25-30 altogether, but still they had this place understaffed. Seemed to me there was maybe one host/server that knew what was going on out of the 3 I saw. 

I think we had gotten there at 8:30 or so, thinking we'd have plenty of time before last call at 10pm, but despite getting a ticket and hearing there were only 5 parties ahead of us, we didn't get seated until about 9:55pm. Seating seemed to be haphazard, since there was no mention to us that we had the option of getting seated outside in the patio, which probably would've gotten us seated earlier. 

I had heard that the BBQ was some of the best and cheapest in Vegas as declared by the locals so I was eager to try it out. I think we all ordered the ribs and chicken combo plate. For $12 it is a lot of food. It's not great by any stretch but it was satisfying. Despite sitting down starving (hadn't had much of anything to eat since 11am) I still couldn't finish off the plate which still had 2 ribs and the chicken breast still leftover. The ribs were okay, not particularly tender, but I did like their BBQ sauce which was served on the side and the chicken was surprisingly juicy. 

I didn't get to try the beer which they brew themselves, but I hear it's pretty good and was voted one of the best places to get a cheap beer in Vegas by the local radio station (heard it on the radio the day after I was there).
Vegas, a city of hopeful luck, overpriced buffets, steamy madness, and ELLIS ISLAND BBQ.

1. $10.99 for a HUGE slab of ribs and chicken, full with beans, corn, slaw and bread. All of the highest quality. But must show your players card. (We went around the corner and quickly signed up for one, no strings attached.)

2. Didn't charge us for drinks (a beer and 2 soft drinks)

All the diners were LV natives and employees. Not to mention the biggest dudes I've ever seen.

I think I came out as a gambled winner.

Too bad whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Best BBQ in Vegas. Best deal for drinks and good time. Plan to wait, but definately worth it! Microbrew is so good! Always trust a fatman when it comes to food recommendations! I stop here EVERY time I come to vegas.
If you're tired of over eating at a buffet then try this place.  What a great deal.  You can get a fillet steak, garlic green beans, mashed potatoes, soup or salad, and a beer or root beer for $7.  We tried the pork chops and that was really good too.  The only draw back is the wait so try to go off peak time so you don't have to wait so long for a table.
WTF? I always come here with a big group of friends and just yesterday, they turned us away because one of the girls with us didn't have her id to show that she was 21!!!  We told him that she doesn't drink and that we were here for the food and he was like, nope, you can't come in cause she can't prove that she's 21. Seriously, wtf?
According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was "just ok".

And, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual.
Do you like microbrews, cheap steak dinners and karaoke? 
i sure as shit do, and that's what makes Ellis island possibly my favorite spot in all of vegas. the beer is delicious, the steak and eggs were awesome, and everyone was having a blast singing. by the time i left, i had spent less than 30 Dollars! 
This place out of the way enough to keep hordes of tourists out, but close enough to not be WAY out of the way. This is where alot of the cab drivers, casino employees and other locals go to spend their money.
This place is as good as it gets.  Can't beat the quality steak dinner w/ free brew for $6.99.  I drink a lot of microbrews also.  This place isn't the best beer out there (although the brewery seen in Las Vegas is pretty bleak), but for the price the beer is good.  If you come in town, def make a point to stop in for the steak or BBQ ribs that fall off the bone.  5 big stars but expect to have to wait at least 1hr on weekend nights.  No problem, just pop down at a nickel machine and play some poker.
this place rocks cuz the food is cheap, they have specials on the board, nothing's over 10 bucks.  the 6.99 steak special is a very good value. you get soup or salad, bread, 10 oz steak  (it's not filet as advertised, maybe a sirloin), green beans, and choice of rice pilaf, fries, or baked potato (with only sour cream and butter as fixins).  overall, i gotta say the value makes the steak taste better cuz in general, i've had better, but you really can't argue about a 7 dollar steak.  you also get a free beer, choose from stout amber or wheat or rootbeer, all house brewed.  Just wanna note that the brews are just alrite, they have their characteristics but it's not outstanding (sam adams is better). not as much carbonation as i hoped and not frothy (stout).  do the counting and you get 6 things for 7 bucks.
This review pertains only to the BBQ.

Good bbq this inexpensive can't really exist but it does.  It exists in Vegas off the Strip.

I got the combo, which was half a slab of pork ribs, half a chicken, coleslaw, grilled bread, corn on the cob, and barbeque beans that were the best beans I have ever had.  Restauarants usually make them too sweet, too mushy, too runny, or too sour.  But there was the great balance of smokey and sweet that I have never had.

Our waiter gave us the player's club price ($9.99) even though we didn't formally show them a member's club card, which was nice of him.  About 2-3 dollars cheaper and it's supposedly free to join.
For the price of $6.99, there's probably nowhere in Vegas you can beat the amount of food you get with Ellis Island's steak dinner special.  That being said, the steak I got with my dinner was terrible.  I ordered my steak medium-rare, and it came out more on the well done side of medium-well.  It was quite dry and not all that tasty.  My GF ordered her steak medium-rare as well, and her steak was actually pretty good, so maybe I got unlucky, but the chefs need to work on their consistency.  I got the lager with my dinner and it was very good.  You can't get much for seven bucks in Vegas, so I can't complain too much, but I expected at least a decent steak.
This casino is really small. The casino only have 2 Blackjack tables, one 3-card poker table, one crap-table and one roulette table. And the slot machines area are small too.  The sportsbook is small with very limited seatings. Your chances of winning at an aging casino is fairly in your favor. I didn't gamble at all for my second ever visit (and this year)  to Las Vegas. At least, I'm not stupid and throw my cash around prematurely. 

The casino is best known for their award-winning restaurant and micro-brewery...both open 24 hours. There is also a Barbecue pit outside of the casino and they sell cooked ribs, chicken and other items there. As a BBQ-lover, I wish I would've try that. The hour of operation is from 4pm-10pm. 

But the restaurant has a bunch of lunch specials. I had one of them, which is the Pulled Pork sandwich. Not a bad deal for $5.99, I get the tenderest pork and crunchy cole slaw in a grilled hamburger bun.  I also get a scoop of Steak Fries with my sandwich. I thought the sandwich for the price was ok. The pork was bit overly cooked and a bit too crunchy. 

My sandwich: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tcvXRnvQ8xtxgWgSqyTIaw

The restaurant also has drink specials during the midday. I had one of them, which the Apple Martini for $3.50. The special cocktail tasted like a Green Apple Jolly Rancher. I had two of them and those two drinks messed me up quickly. 

My drink: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=QbYGyW5tdjiFN6dzMggHzA

The restaurant/casino is right around the corner from my hotel. If I want a quick meal, this is my place too.
when we walked up to it my first impression was like this is all the rage? and i was a little bummed thinking that it was going to be really smoky! but when you entered your immediately hit with the aroma of their BBQ! not dingy cigarette smoke (join their Ellis island players club and receive $3 off their BBQ plates!!) it was nearly 10p and we missed the BBQ so we trekked about 100 feet over to their village pub. there was about a 5 minute wait on saturday. when we were seated i noticed most of the people were ordering the steak special for  4.99 (includes a steak, veggie and choice of potato, side salad and a in house micro-brew beer or their root beer). tempting but since the strip has so many latenight steak deals we opted to check out the rest of their extensive menu. My boyfriend ended up ordering the pork chop dinner ($10ish) (includes 2 large bone-in thick cut pork chops, choice of potato (the mashed potatoes were killer!!) and a veggie (he got the corn) the pork chops were juicy, not dry and had a good seasoning and nice char flavor to them. hes a big eater and he couldn't even get thru half of his meal. I got their chicken Parmesan dinner, seriously this thing is ridiculous! its is a large Frisbee sized chicken breast flattened tho still managed to retain a 3/4 of an inch thickness! that's been lightly coated in a flavorful Italian breading topped with a tasty marinara sauce and lots of mozzarella cheese :) served with marinara covered linguine. then if that wasn't enough food this dinner also comes with two large slices or sourdough buttery garlic bread and a large side salad! (their house ranch was really tasty) all for 10.99!!! overall we had a really friendly and efficient server and the food was very good, we both ended up taking most of the food back to the hotel and having it for lunch when we woke up the next day and it was all still really good. 

As for the casino, the casinos small and older. definitely seemed like a local spot and much slower pace. (it reminded me a lot of the casinos in mesquite) they only have a one craps table but my boyfriend was able to win back the money he'd lost while gambling on the strip, and the slots were that night were paying out pretty well. the casinos a very short walk if your staying at the flamingo/ballys/cesars area like we were and was nice to get off the strip and win some money and have a cheap meal! def coming back each time we come to Vegas in the future.
I came back to this casino/brewery for an early breakfast and final meal before my early flight to San Diego. 

My lunch experience with the food two days ago were ok, but not great. But I was in a immediate rush and wanted to check out their breakfast. 

At 6:30 am, surprisingly the cafe was packed. But I only had to wait 5-10 minute for a table. Every meal, the cafe has specials. And I had one of the meals, which is the Country Fried Steak Breakfast. For $5.99, I get one thick Chicken Fried Steak smothered with gravy, eggs (cooked any way including scrambled egg whites, in which I got), hash browns and toast (I got toasted Rye). The waitress, who took my order, was nice enough to allow me to take mashed potatoes instead of the hash browns.  I got to admit the breakfast was also cheap and a lot better than my lunch. Every items were cooked to perfection. 

My meal: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=jC8Un2PffaoE5WaRkhY4UA

My coffee: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=7YP_jrvB7YJ9zaJhbsOTjw

My breakfast was a tad over $10.00. 

I just found out that the hole-in-the-wall casino is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. The place and meal were ok, for the price.
The wait for the restaurant was an hour when I went with my guy, so we brought out a couple 5.00 bills and decided to play the machines while waiting. I had no luck, but my boyfriend won enough to buy dinner and still have money left over. All in all, he got paid to eat dinner at Ellis Island. If his luck is any indication, the slots here are super loose. The service in the diner was pretty good, the waiter was over promptly to take our order and the food was delivered lightning quick along with refills, even though I could see he was extremely busy.  We both had the steak special with green beans and mashed potatoes. The green beans were your average green beans, and the mashed potatoes were... well, I guess just your average run of the mill diner mashed potatoes from a box with ordinary gravy. They weren't bad, though. My steak was cooked perfectly, and my Pina Colada was only 3.00 and was also tasty. Nothing was disappointing for what we paid (or would have paid, anyway.) It's not like you can get better for this price anywhere in Vegas. 

Sooo... all in all, I'll be back over and over again when I've had a stressful day at work and I just want a steak and beer that won't break my bank. =)
This place is janky and gross. It smells of some old remnant of Las Vegas (aka rotten cigarettes and cheap liquor).

There are some restaurants in here and and after walking by the food just looks hideous.

The beer is cheap, and the root beer is decent (hence the two star rating).

The karaoke section is ghetto, the song selection is weak, and the crowd is well....unique.

I would never step foot into this joint ever again. 

It's attached to a freaking Super 8. Need I say more?
I heard about this place from a friend-of-a-friend who had been a teacher in Las Vegas. He recommended that we try this place that was just a block off the strip, called Ellis Island. It has a deal for a steak dinner and a pint of beer for only $6.99. So we gave it a shot - I was really impressed! The place doesn't look like much from the outside - it's across the street from an abandoned parking lot. The deal is not actually written in the menu, but there is a picture of the meal on the front. First, the quantity of food is staggering - the dinner includes a soup or salad, steak, potato, green beans, and a pint of beer. The quality of food was actually pretty good, too. I really liked the cream of broccoli soup - which our waitress told us is made from scratch daily. My steak was pretty good, but a bit tough (though another person in our group ordered his medium-rare and really liked it). Mashed potatoes and green beans were also good. The beer was actually pretty impressive - the place is a microbrewery, so they offer their own ale, stout, hefeweizen, and root beer. Between the five of us at the table, we happened to order one of everything. The stout was really good - very smooth, the ale was also nice. If you're not in the mood for alcohol, the home-made root beer was soo tasty. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place!
This place is definitely a go to for cheap eats that is close by to the strip.  It's a small casino off the strip with really low price food.  Great to go to on a budget and it taste decent.  Very friendly and nice waiters.
Following the YEE: Yelp Elites' First Date, c. 1985 at Ferraro's.  Me and some of the Yelparazzi posse bailed from the Double Down dive and I suggested we head over to the good ole "Restaurant" inside E I.  YES, it is on the corner of Koval and East Flamingo.  It isn't exactly the happiest place on earth but aside from the occasional smell of tapioca, it's home to the $6.99 Sirloin Steak special.  

My review is only for the "Steak Special"  The "Restaurant" mostly been a hit with most locals and tourists on Yelp.  Tonight it was a BIG MISS!  I unfortunately got really sick after eating my steak with food poisoning symptoms.  And pretty much spent the rest of the evening in the oval office.

I had ordered it medium rare and it came out uhh medium well and a little burnt on the top.  I'll definitely take Andy T's suggestion and order it rare next time if I ever decide to come back.  His ball of flesh came out perfectly grilled and medium rare.  Oh and BTW the meal comes with your choice of soup of the day or your a-typical iceberg lettuce salad drenched with salad dressing (which may I note could've been the culprit that led to my "closed door meetings"), potato, green beans....blah blah blah!

I'm not even going to say much about the service here because it generally sucks but bad service and cheap eats tend to go together like coffee with cigarettes.

Anyhoo on another interesting note, on our way inside, my buddies and Andy T. get out of our cars and I swear I went totally blind for 10 seconds by the sight of sum nasty hoochie mama flapping her mouth "Yea u know u want some of this, uh huh". Jeeez...instead of eating that shitty piece of steak I so wanted to chuck it at that walking skanky mess.  Eeeww!
4.99 special steak, eggs, and potatoes awesome and gambling cheap
since when did they that serving chicken for breakfast? AT ELISE ISLAND OF COARSE! im a gigantic fan of country fried steak and its not served much where im from so i couldnt but help order it here. MAN WAS I IMPRESSED! i think they took the entire half of a chicken grilled and and neatly placed it on my plate! it was bathing in a rich white gravy sauce. it possible may have been swimming in it. it also came with a side of toast which was lubed in a sexy butter sauce, two eggs sunny side up to brighten up my day, corned beef hash (sunce im from hawaii) which were also in the form of disc and melted away in my mouth. and if that doesnt get you full theres also a pelethera of potatoes, like half a dish full to fill you up. 

Another plus side is the price. i paid like 13 bucks for the entire meal. I think it was the fullest ive ever been for breakfast! The place was pretty clean. The lighting was perfect. especially cus i had a wee bit of a hangover from the night before. 

The service was great. Constantly checking to see if "everything is alright" i love that question becuase it sounds like you could be in a situation where there is imminent danger when asked. Also my water was constantly being refilled and right after i was finished i was given time to let my tummy rest before being presented with the bill. 

All and all this place gets a 5 stars for great food quality, excellent prices, and great service. If you happen to find yourself half broke after a fun night of drinking, gambling, and partying then you should definitly check this place out, for a temporary hangover stitch! :D
The steak deal is easily worth double the asking price.  Its a solid 15 dolla steak.  The fried chicken is quite good as well - blows hash house away.  Hit it.
If this review was to be on the food alone, it'd be a solid Four-Star review.  However, I have to take into account the antiquated decor and the ever present smell of cigars and cigarettes.  The dining room is very dark with red vinyl/pleather seating.  On top of that, the service can be slow at times.

That being said, I make it a point to stop here on every trip to Vegas.  Usually, immediately after getting off of the plane at around 10am Vegas time.  Upon first site, it really isn't much.  Ellis Island is hooked onto a Super 8 Motel; which in itself, doesn't exactly make you think of award winning micro-brewed beer and excellent food.  

This place definitely has the feel of "Old Vegas" when it comes to the $6 Steak (big) and Eggs along side a $1 beer brewed on site.  The menu is wide ranging.  You'll find everything from basic spaghetti to chicken fried steak on the dinner menu and slabs of ham the size of your head for breakfast!

The Ellis Island microbrewery is on site and makes a few excellent brews.  My favorite is the stout...and for $1 you can't go wrong here.  

If you're looking for somewhere cheap (because nothing else in Vegas is!) to start your trip while you wait for the 2-3pm hotel check-in time look no further.  

One last thing, don't make the mistake of having the "Big as your head" ham & eggs just before heading home...it makes for a long plane ride!!
Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a great place to go when you're looking for a cheap steak dinner. You can't miss their $6.99 steak dinner that is available 24 hours. Their steak dinner is posted on the sign outside. So what do you get for $6.99? You get a steak (they'll ask you how you want it cooked), green beans and one side dish. You also get either soup or salad. You can add another $1.50 to get a beer with your meal. Our whole group ordered beer. They have other food too and I've tried their country fried steak. The gravy that they use is awesome and it feels like they take the time to craft the perfect meal. I'm pretty sure it's not healthy for you but the food is good! 

The service in the restaurant is good. We didn't have to deal with any unhappy servers. In fact our server was super nice. The order was huge because of how many people were in our group. We took up 3 tables. 

The atmosphere feels like this place is open 24 hours. It's dark and you are constantly hearing the sounds of the those slot machines that suck your money out of your pocket. You do smell the smoke of the cigarettes and cigars that seep their way into the restaurant. The seats are also old and dated.

The casino itself is alright if you're looking to gamble. Their prices are cheaper than other machines in the area.  Blackjack is cheaper than the main casinos so that's a plus. 

Visit Ellis Island and see if you like their $6.99 steak dinner! You can't beat the $6.99 price!
Located on Koval & Flamingo, not far from the strip (about a 10 minute walk). A random person from let's say, OC area would probably not wanna step into this place from first glance. We wanted to try this place out because it was recommended by a coworker.
It has the old school vegas feel - old slot machines, cheap tables (3-5$ black jack), one main bar with cheap drinks, and they have their own brewery. Their beer is ranked like #9 in the states. A glass of beer here is like $1.75, and they are just awesome. I tried their hef & stout, I even asked for 2/3 hef, topped off with stout. After 2 glasses I was pretty buzzed!
We ate at their popular cheap restaurant. They have a large selection on their menu. With low expectations, my gf ordered their 6.99$ steak which comes with a salad and beer. She said the salad wasn't really fresh, and I tried her steak and for its price it was pretty good. It's like a steak you would cook at home without marinating at all, just the piece of meat thrown on a grill. I ordered their special, the pork pulled sandwich. The bbq sauce was pretty tasty and the pork was good. The bill came out to be like 16$, and our meals were very satisfying!
Considering the ridiculously low prices and all the good things that comes along with this place, they get a well deserved 5 stars! This run down gem of a place is definitely a new spot we shall stop by at least once whenever we are in the area.
We came here on a Friday afternoon. I had with a fresh cut/color/highlights.. How could it not get to be a better day? Met my BF up at the Orleans and rode in the train over to the Bills Gambling saloon and walked over to the Ellis Island (corner of Koval/Flamingo, 2pac RIP...or is he really gone?) anyway - we had a draft $1.50 each! wth.. I havent had beer that cheap since I left TX! dang... SO good - its a brewery so they make their own beer so they can keep prices low. We ate BBQ @ one of their rest. about a 30-40 min. wait and well worth it. so good. I had the ribs, my bf ordered ribs & chkn. both were good. 2 sides.I had beans and coleslaw- all for 8.99 with the card. I'd def. eat there again.. providing I went to the gym that day b/c there so much great food and beer to enjoy.
Yeah its a local dive.  Old machines, worn out carpet and torn chairs.  But everyone loves it because you get your best bang for your buck.  
I don't gamble much, so when I lived in Vegas this was the place to go. 

1.50 draft beer.  They make it on site, and it ain't bad.  
For 6.99 (last time I checked) you get a half rack of ribs with a side of baked beans and corn on the cob.  BEST BBQ DEAL IN VEGAS, AND TASTIEST.
6.99 for a steak and potato deal.  Nice cut of meat.  Real nice and tender.

And above all, their Karaoke Lounge is the best.  You can sign up as many times your drunken heart desires.  It's set up almost like a comedy club.  Small stage, with a spot light right on your gleaming eyes.  Drunken tourist and the local Elvis impersonator singing along with you. And if you are lucky well u might just get lucky :)
Ok, so I'm a little late on this review.  It's been like 2-3 weeks since I came here but I really felt compelled to continue my chronicle of my latest trip to Vegas, so here it goes.

This was my first trip to Ellis Island, but it definitely won't be my last.  This little casino is definitely a little aged.  There is some wear and tear but it only seems to add to the character of this casino.  

My friends and I came here on a Sunday night because we had heard that they have karaoke at the little bar inside.  Now, if you know anything about me, you know that I love to karaoke.  I dunno why, it's just one of the very few Asian-y things about me.  Anyway, they set up karaoke at around 9:00 PM and what did I see as they were setting up?  Some older gentlemen dressed like Elvis passing out the song lists.  I don't even think they worked for the bar or the MC but they were definitely dressed for the part.  They also sang but I'll let you guess what artist they decided to karaoke.  

As for me  and my friends, I was the only one willing to suck it up and get up on stage to belt out a few tunes.  So after a few rounds of vodka tonics (very cheap vodka tonics btw) I finally put in my song request and headed up to the stage.  On my 3 song set list: Paul Anka's "Put You Head On My Shoulder," Matchbox Twenty's "Back 2 Good," and Sublime's "Santeria."  

As if stiff drinks and karaoke weren't enough for me to become completely enamored with Ellis Island, they also have an awesome pizza place in the casino.  What's also great is that you can grab a pizza and bring it inside the bar to enjoy.  

Ah Ellis Island, you'e definitely a diamond in the rough.
The price is great and the food is decent. With my fiance and my schedules its hard to find a decent place to eat in the middle of the night. It was a Monday night. Barely anyone was there probably just 2 small parties. It still took them 15 minutes to have us seated and 30 mins to get our food and all we ordered was just a Caesar wrap and a California club sandwhich their service sucks and they are sooo slow! Second time we went here they actually gave us a number and said that the wait would be 40mins. Wow! They minus well say we don't want your money! We just left coz this place is not even worth it. Good food and price but there service and they're ridiculously slow consistency will never make me comeback here again.
I had the $6.99 steak dinner and it lived up to and exceeded my expectations. For the same price as a fast food burrito you get a great cut of sirloin steak, fresh green beans with a hint of garlic, a salad, a baked potato and a good sized microbrew beer or rootbeer which they brew themselves. This place isn't "Vegas strip" fancy so don't expect that but if you want a great steak this is the place. If this place were close to home I'd be there at least once a week for sure. 

Oh almost forgot..I don't remember that it was on the menu so just ask for it, they had a sign advertising it when I went. They also have a somewhat small casino there as well.
"Give me your tired, your poor 
Your huddled masses yearning to be free"* - 
or eat for 6.99

Different restaurants in casinos attract different clientelle.  The Wynn's 'Alex' gets the high rollers that flew in to Vegas on their private jets and are chauffeured around in limos.  For the rest of us, flying coach and willing to walk to dinner, The Ellis Island Casino and Brewery restaurant is "the lamp beside the golden door."*

The restaurant is as no-frills as it gets.  They didn't even give it a name, it's just 'restaurant'.  Originally decorated in 1970s red vinyl, they know you came for the food - not to lick the walls.

Like most Yelpers, I got the 6.99 steak special - it's not on the menu, but it's no secret either.  It was on the marquee outside.  Despite reading the (mostly) great reviews, I was expecting a sorry excuse for a steak.  What I got was a flame-grilled surprise.  

The salad led the meal and set the bar low - as iceberg with carrots, tomatoes, and crutons out of a box will do, but the entree quickly saved the day.  The steak was the quality you might make at home (assuming you can grill).  A little singed where the flame kissed it, but medium rare (as ordered) inside.  The baked potato came with sour cream and butter, another homestyle staple, but the green beans were good enough to be served in a $25 a plate steakhouse.

The wait was about 30 minutes, but you are in a casino.  You're not sitting on a cramped couch or standing in a tiny atrium with newspaper box and 2 gumball machines.  Head into the sportsbook and watch some tv, cheer with people at the craps table, maybe even gamble a little - I think they count on waiting patrons to lose enough money to make up for the low cost of the meal.

So who are you?

If you wish to "Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp"* then Ellis Island restaurant is a low 2 star joint.  If you are "The wretched refuse of your teeming shore"* and are not afraid of "the homeless, tempest-tost to me"* then Ellis Island (which is not located anywhere near the New York, New York Casino) is a solid 5-star facility.  I lie somewhere in between, but still give it a 4.

* If you are a (non-native) American and are not familair with these lines, shame on you.  Go to the Statue of Liberty (on the real Ellis Island) and learn exactly why this country is great.
"The best things in life are free" -Kanye Tigga

But at Ellis Island its pretty damn close!  Had the King Cut Prime Rib for $12.99 and holy sh!t it was huge, plus you get soup or salad (had soup), baked potato, and choice of root beer or beer.  

The problem is that its not in a 4 or 5 star hotel but of one that resembles an ash tray inside. And  Im pretty sure i have emphysema and acute bronchitis now.  But besides that you definitely have to try the food because it will mind fu@k you in so many ways.
I love, love, love Ellis Island!  We've been coming here for years, even before we moved to Vegas in 04!
What we love about Ellis Island:
Cheap drinks- my Couvoisier and coke is under $5 each. Hard lemonade $2, everything is dirt cheap
Cheap eats- we eat here quite often, the food is good for what you pay. I usually get the steamed clams or linguine with clams, but their clam chowder is pretty darn good.
BBQ- the BBQ place is a must stop for my aunt when she comes to Vegas, she was the one that turned us onto the BBQ joint here and she's a caterer so knows her food.  But the portions are HUGE for what you pay and we're talking lip smacking good BBQ

Overall- this is a locals joint so don't expect service like you would on the strip or atmosphere unless you are looking for old school Vegas...its dark and dingy in there and smells of smoke but I still LUV it!!
I have been here so many times..I have to Yelp about it. First..I would give it 5 stars but the service is SLOW!! I have seen the servers break down/fight and generally act depressed.
But I go there for the cheap steak dinner & killer root beer!
I have never had a bad reaction to the food & its always tasty. They even have a great brownie sundae if you like that sort of thing.
Sometimes the wait is long..but sit down @ a slot machine & order a drink..they will call your # when its time. We have scored many a free meal here playing & winning at video poker!
So yeah..its a bit of a dive but they feed ya good!
And the BBQ place is top notch as well. Pizza place is not so good..a bit oily and very thin...not my kind of pizza. Im from Detroit and we like it thick like the Sunday paper!
Don't judge a book by its cover...

You would walk into the casino and think, OK I'm in a dump.... You would see the restaurant and second guess if you were transported back into time.  Then you would order the $12 prime rib, that comes with salad and a premium beer.  You would take one bite and realize, this place is the most bang for your buck meal in Vegas!!  The salad is your standard house salad, choose your dressing.  It comes with a large premium beer, not just your standard Bud Light, but Amber Brock, Hefeweizen, etc...  the prime rib is absolutely delicious!!  Served with baked potato and green beans, all for only $12?!?!  Are they insane?  Or are you insane because you haven't eaten here yet?

Come early, the wait can be very long.  But that's what the casino is for?  We had to wait an hour for our table.  No problem.  I'll be shooting craps... Came up $80, dinners on me guys!
salad, steak, potato, veggies, and a beer for $6.99. best deal ever. the drinks are cheap and the place is super chill. i will definitely make an effort to go back next time i'm in town.
Sucks
I love Ellis Island! Then again, i love everything/everyone when I've had one too many. In all seriousness, for $5 you really can't go wrong with the Steak and Eggs special (only offered at certain times- early in the morning or really late at night if i recall correctly). It's quite a hefty portion of food (steak, eggs, home fries, and toast), so come hungry! Just a short taxi ride (or long walk) away from the strip, this is my go to place for late night 4th meal.
Well, what can I say that these other reviewers haven't said already. It's a tiny, local dive casino. A hidden gem as I would describe it.  The real prize to go here is for BBQ dinner to get the full rack of pork ribs with their homemade sauce and either order their own beer they brew or rootbeer. Or you can order half a rack and half rotisserie chicken. Request outdoor seating, they have heat lamps if gets chilly. You can also ask for extra barbecue sauce and the will gladly give it to you. :-D Yummy! The pricing is very reasonable when compared to other major cities.  Yes, during prime time there is a waiting list, but the wait is well worth it. Where in the world can you get something with so much to eat and you have enough leftovers for the next day?!  It's like getting two meals in one! I am amazed for those that are able to eat the whole thing. My hats off to you!

I would skip the steak special because I could actually make my own steak to taste much better with flavor. But if you are under a budget, then it's a good deal for you.

Surprisingly, Metro Pizza inside the casino has makes a thin cheesy pizza which is great for a nice light snack. :-)
we went and got two prime rib dinners for 13 bucks a piece. comes with a root beer or beer. the beer was better than the root beer which tasted kinda flat. the prime rib was good but i've had better for 15$... the steak special is really cheap, gonna get that next time
This review is for the 24-hour restaurant.  First off I have to say that the service here is pretty bad.  They're kinda slow and it's usually busy so that doesn't help.  It sometimes takes a while for them to decide who your server is and/or for them to come take your order.  
That said, I still come to Ellis to eat because the food's good and it can be very cheap.  You kinda have to know about the specials tho.  (don't think they're on the menu)  Basically, I get 1 of 2 things when I go.  Either the "Dinner Special" (soup or salad, nice sized thick cut steak, potato and green beans, and a beer which they brew there; all for $6.99)  It says on the place mats that they are one of the top 10 breweries in America.  I'm not a beer expert, but it is good and they have a variety of kinds to choose from.  They're cheap too at somewhere around $2.  They even make their own Root Beer, (which you can get with the dinner special instead of a beer) but beware that it's very, very sweet.  
The other thing I order is the steak and eggs for $4.99 (thin but decent steak, eggs made-to-order, hash-browns, and toast.)  Both are a great value.  The dinner more so therefore I usually get that.  I have eaten the steamed clams a couple times as well and they are delicious!  They also have a BBQ restaurant at which, I've been told, are the best ribs in Vegas.  Sadly I haven't eaten there yet but I look forward to checking it out.  :) 
BTW, to my fellow Casino Employees:  bring your badge and get 2 free drinks at the bar from 3am-8am.
Amazing brewery and Philly steak sandwich for less than $10! Mmmmmm yum and open 24/7:)
On our recent trip to Vegas we decided to try Ellis Island for breakfast because it was closer to the strip then our usual place for steak and eggs. We were prepared for slow service based on the numerous Yelp reviews but since we were not in a hurry I didn't de-star them for being slow. Both of our steaks were overcooked and under seasoned and the eggs were swimming in grease. We were going to send it back but sat there waiting and waiting for a server to walk by. Finally we decided to just eat it, leave and never return.
**Dinner Review**

The steak special is the best deal we encountered in Vegas, near the strip. I am a big eater and love to save money... this was a no brainer after reading a few reviews. The staff was great, food was delicious and came out in a timely manner (in and out within an hour). I would recommend getting there before 5 because it is a popular spot! Take my advice and give this place a shot, enjoy.
Order "the special" 

Great meal for little money.  Plus you get a beer!....or root beer if you're morman or carry a purse.  Will come again.
You need to know.
At prime dinner hour, like 6-9pm, it takes ONE HOUR of waiting, and no they dont do reservations.  You can't call in.  They will take your name down and call you when ready, thats it.

They can accommodate groups, for example I had 13 in my party.

The $6.99 filet minon dinner for which they are famous is not on the menu, ask for it directly.

The beer sucks, the rootbeer sucks, and the waitstaff is friendly though overworked, thusly, food comes slow (unless you're there at 3am)

Order your steak rare or medium rare, or else it will come to you as a charred hunk.

Bottom line: at 7 dollars, you can't go wrong, and the only real downside is the atrocious wait.  It is what it is, and there's something magically epic about a steak that cheap, in Vegas.  Don't come here for ambiance or quality, come for a cheap filet that might make you smile.
Ok so I only had a tuna melt it was ok I could have done without the 1000 island dressing... Which it didnt mention on the menu. I waited for a table & being just 1 person they sat me in the karaoke bar area where people just walk in without waiting??? Also the restaurant is non smoking (even though it smalls of smoke and I'm getting a headache). 3 hotel employees just sat at the bar & started smoking, yuck! Don't sit in here to dine, there is NO waitress only the bartender and she is swamped& definately too busy to refil your tea. My mistake was coming for lunch... I hear it's better at dinner & maybe even breakfast but lunch was just lunch. I did get a cheap lunch & she didn't charge me for the tea so that I will add to her tip : )
NO BBQ AFTER 10PM. :{ We went for the ribs. Which they weren't serving when we arrived...

There was a wait of about 20-30 minutes, so we sampled their beers while we waited.  
The AMBER beer: A strong hoppy taste, bitter notes on the finish. Not our favorite.
The WEISS: Favorite! :} I'm always a fan of wheat/hefeweisen style beers, and this one was the best of their selection. Smooth, crisp with citrus notes and a pleasant overall finish. Served with a wedge of lemon. Best of the lot, but not anything worth going crazy over. 
The STOUT: Forgettable. Dark beer, but not particularly distinquished.   

+ For making their beer on site.
+ For big, tall, ice-cold glasses of beer being $1.75

When we finally got into the restaurant, we had our disappointment over the BBQ and then carried on. We started with their fish n' chips. Supposed to be one of their signature dishes, since way back in the day. The fish had a nice, greasy  beer batter and good flakiness on the inside. Comparable to anything you'd get at a Fish n' chipery in London? Definitely not. Still very edible, though. And the fact that it's served with malt vinegar, on a tray with newspaper, is cute and I appreciated that. 

After that came our main orders;

Salads first! Iceberg lettuce drenched in dressing. 2 smallish tomatoes each, tons of croutons. Meh, Bleucheese makes any salad edible, but not noteworthy. Came with stale looking buns.  

Steak  & shrimp: A surf n' turf. The steak was thin, gristly and overcooked. The shrimp were battered and fried to oblivion- burnt on the outside and were gross on the inside. The potatoes were most likely instant.

Rib eye special: Huge slab of pink,  tender juicy meat. Baked potato looked over-cooked and wrinkly. We still haven't touched it, days later, despite our best intentions otherwise.

The food was ok, but the only thing we'll go back for is to try the BBQ or karaoke and drink up some cheap beer. 

Though it was entertaining being seated next to the creepy old perverted couple, who talked dirty throughout most of the meal. Sleazy old style Vegas for you, I suppose.
We have been long term fans of the restaurant at Ellis you do have to compromise your standards for ambiance.  We used a LVA 2/1 coupon.  My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast which came out perfect.  My entree of easy over eggs, hash browns, toast and bacon was similarly prepared.  Service has improver over the past few years.
Its nice to grab a cheap meal off the strip sometimes, however it seems as though we can't always get the best of both worlds. The on site brewery supplies a number of delicious $1.75 choices, which makes the customer and their pocetbook smile. Cold entrees, empty mozerella sticks and funky tasting quisidellias left us skipping the take home containers.
BEST dinner deal in Vegas!! Amazing food, great service, LOW LOW price! Salad, homemade mashed potatoes (YUUUUM!!) green beans, bread, HUGE steak, and beer for $13....it doesn't get any better!
Let's keep this short & sweet because honestly, there are only 3 things you need to know about this place.

1. open 24/7 for your drunkasses to come after the club
2. $5 steak and eggs. don't even bother getting anything else
3. it will obviously taste good because you are drunk. 

just remember to chew your food completely for the sake of your hangover/ throwing up in the morning ;)

Done and done.
It's hard to find cheap eats around the Strip! Cheap, but pretty decent food. I usually go at least twice when I'm in Vegas. The $12 king cut prime rib comes with green beans, mashed or baked potato, salad or soup, and beer or root beer. Be prepared to wait if you go around 6-8. The wait's usually about 40 min to an hour. It's worth it though.
Wow I will never ever ever come back here again.. The service reeked of crap! I was not helped at all, never got checked on, and took forever to get what I needed. It may be cheap but frustration is the worst. I got the "Steak special" which came with an overcooked steak, green beans, mashed potatoes, salad, and a beer. Even with all this food it didn't make up for this place serving crappy food and crappy service. If you like bad service and cheap food then you won't be disappointed here.
So I thought I finished up my Vegas reviews, but I forgot a few more.  First, being Ellis Casino and restaurant.

The casino is very small.  We came here for the $5 steak and eggs special, but they estimated a 20-25 minute wait.  So to the tables I went.  Standard blakjack, dealer didn't speak much English though.  After losing my buddy's $20 on the first hand (BS... two jacks and dealer shows blackjack :( ) I made $15 for myself (after going down about $30ish).  So after 15 minutes of cards and going through the deck, I went to wait with my group.  After 25 minutes we asked how much longer and they said they had a table of 11 to seat before us.  10 minutes later, they let us in.  Eh.

After being seated, we had a horrible server to start us off.  He walked up to the table and stared at us.  My brother was confused so he asked if the guy was there to take our order.  He answered yes.  So we placed our order and thought that was over.  He then took out jam away, we figured he was refilling it.  Nope.  After waiting another 20ish minutes we got our food.

The food was actually good.  I think it's my favorite $5 steak and eggs place in Vegas so far.  The sirloin was actually OK and the eggs were done right.  The potatoes it came with was the big difference.  It was cubed up and fried like fries.  But it was seasoned really well.

I'd come back here again, maybe.  The service was kinda ridiculous though.  I'd give this a 4 or maybe even a 5 if I had a better experience.
In the world of the bigger-is-better Vegas this place is a hidden gem. 

I give it 5 stars for 5 reasons:

1. Amazing cheap food.  
2. Friendly, helpful staff
3. A combination of old and new machines
4. Lower limit blackjack tables with friendly dealers
5. Easy on-site free parking garage

I spent a lot of time here during my wedding weekend.  We had a number of people in our group staying next door at the Super 8 and it was always easier to gamble and eat here than going over to the Strip about a mile away.  

On our first night we realized how amazing the food was.  (Thanks Yelp!)   We ended up having the BBQ plate....10 bucks for a rack of ribs and a half chicken.  Wow was it good!   I had everything to eat here from pizza to their $7 filet mignon.  Sometimes the service was a little slow but they were totally busy and seemed understaffed and the wait staff was usually in an upbeat mood.  They did the best they could.  

Do not forget that $7 filet mignon...you can't at least get that once while in Vegas. For that price you also get a free root beer or regular beer.  Their homemade root beer is damn amazing.  You almost get drunk off the root beer flavor, its that good.

They really do have a great selection of machines here...everything from the old-school physical reel one-armed bandit style to brand new ones like Sex-In-The City and Monopoly machines.  (Watch that Sex-In-The City machine...its max bet is 6 bucks a pull!)

I played a good amount of blackjack here too...most tables were 5 bucks and the dealers were nice and pretty darn funny as well.  (No matter if you are winning or losing)

On my return trips to Vegas I will be spending a good amount of time here.

:0)
Heard about this from a friend.  So went in w/ an open mind.  Walked into an old and dirty casino.  Place looked like it was built in the 70's.  We were told by the hostess the wait was an hour.  Load of people were there.  Always a good sign.

So we hung out and had one of their local beers.  Was really good.  Turns out they have won national awards for the beer brewed on site.  Impressive.

Finally called our number.  We were led into a old school steak house.  As some described it, a scene from Godfather or Goodfellas.  Place was dark.  Carpet walls and tables all seemed to be colored dark brown.  Seating was also retro.

Ordered the house special, prime rib with potatoes.  Came w/ soup or salad.  Most importantly, came w/ a free beer.  All for $13.  First time I tried it w/ a party of 13.  Second time w/ a party of 5.  Third w/ a party of 5.  And everyone loved the prime rib.  At times a medium comes out well done.  Occasionally vice versa, but mention it to the wait staff and they'll bring you another.

Great food for the price.  And one of the best prime rib dinners I've had.
We came for the steak dinner deal and were not disappointed.  $6.99 for soup/salad, rolls, steak, mashed potatoes, green beens, and a 20 oz craft beer, have they gone mad?

This place is assuming and almost charming.  It's older, the casino is smaller, they've got the dark maroon and mahogany decor.  Strolling in and ordering the unadvertised "gambler's special" was really a kick for us.  The food was good - - the salad and rolls weren't much to speak of but the rest was very solid.  

I tried their amber ale which was meh.  It's a little lighter than a true craft amber but still good.  I am a huge beer snob and their stout is GREAT, it pairs nicely with the dinner.   Overall it's an A+ joint!
After reading great reviews on yelp and from friends we walked over to Ellis Island last Thursday while in Vegas. On our way there we met another group of people also walking to get some steak, we got to talking and ended up all eating together, I think there was six of us in total, a couple from Portland and a two dudes from San Diego, it was hella random. Any way we got to Ellis Island around 1am, there was no wait and we were seated right away, we all ordered the steak and beer special for $6.99. The steak came out about 20 mins later, it was really good for the price but the beer was even better, I was kind of disappointed that they were out of their homemade root beer. We ended up chillin there for like 3 hours just drinking beer and chattin it up, it ended up being really awesome meeting random people that were hella cool and were into the same stupid shit were into, haha. One of the best experiences of my life happened at Ellis Island who would of thought.
My BF and I asked the bellman "What's a good breakfast place around here?" We were staying at the Grand Hilton behind the Flamingo, so we were facing away from the strip. He pointed out, right there, Ellis Island. Great food, great price. 

We arrived and there was a 15 minute wait. So you knew it had to be good. It looked like mostly locals too. Also a good sign. The place has won tons of awards, the #1 brewery in Nevada, #9 in the USA. That's pretty damn good. 

We were seated quicker than 15 minutes. We sat in a corner, and set about the menu. I ordered a simple 2 eggs w/ 4 pieces of bacon, country fried potatoes and toast for $4.99, my boyfriend ordered 2 pieces of broiled pork chops with eggs and toast for $6.99 (what a steal!) and a soda. Our waitress was nice. Not overly friendly, borderlining on rude, but not really. Maybe it;s her accent? Not sure. Another table go seated next to us after our orders were taken, but somehow their food came out first... odd. Ours wasn't too long after, but still. Odd. 

My food was fine, not much you can do w/ bacon and eggs. The country potatoes were ok, a little bland. His food on the other hand was really good. Quite a good portion for just 6.99. We ended up taking a pork chop, potatoes and 2 slices of bacon home with us!

Our waitress didn't come back to fill our waters or soda. That was disappointing, although the place was pretty busy, you'd think they'd have it down.

Overall. Good food and phenomenal pricing (less than $14.00 for a full breakfast for 2, plus leftovers). We made sure to tip that bellman.
My sister told me to check this place out because she heard they had a really good steak special - $6.99 for a 10 oz steak. She said it was off the beaten path and more of a locals, low-end kind of place. It might have some of the old school Vegas charm left in it. I'm happy to say that it did. 

The place looks like it hasn't been redecorated in a good 30 or more years. Cement floors, red vinyl seats, lots of wood paneling, cheap drinks - and the $6.99 special! The special is not on the menu, so you have to ask for it. Practically everyone who was dining there was eating it. They start you off with a basic green salad which is iceberg lettuce and tomatoes. Then they serve your steak with a choice of potato (I had mashed) and their vegetable. I was a little disappointed by the steak. I ordered mine medium rare and instead it was more like medium well-done. But for the price, I can't complain. The special also includes a beer since Ellis Island is also a microbrewery. You have your choice of lager, amber, or stout. The mashed potatoes were decent and the vegetables also. Definitely good cheap Vegas eats! I'm a fan and I would return here.
Ewwww!! Nasty Food! Smokey stinking old folks....NO THANKS! It's like the scariest casino in Vegas....why risk getting robbed or stab for a $8 dinner and a $2 beer?!@
The most fun you can have in Las Vegas.  The karaoke here is the best!!  The food at the restaurant is good and inexpensive.  This is now a must do on every trip to Las Vegas.
$5 steak and eggs!! Great place to go after a night of partying. Good, CHEAP food (great if you're blacked out and decide to eat it twice in 1 night like a certain friend of mine). Not steakhouse quality of course, so order your steak rarer than you would normally get it because it comes out a little more cooked usual. And it's off the strip so take pity on your stiletto-clad feet and get a cab, but definitely come try it!
We went there because of the steak special. For $6.99 nobody shouldn't expect a fancy restaurant actually we thought it was a fast food! But it was more than we expected! It is a restaurant not fancy but nice and clean. You have your your table with your own server. You have a service of bread and you can chose between salad or soup. Then you have the principal plate with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The food was good and the steak was tender. I think it includes also a beer. The plates had a good presentation and the waiting time once you are in the table is Ok. The only thing is that you need to wait 20-25 min for your table. The check was ridiculously CHEAP!
Good service, good food at incredible prices! Do you need more?
I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for that if you are looking for a fancy restaurant don't go there but don't expect to pay the same neither!
Went for the beer and the famous $7 steak special (now priced at $7.99).  My steak was actually really good.  Wife's was overcooked.  beans were good, fries good too.  beer was OK (Amber), but the Dark Lager was Very good.  Wish I had chosen better.

Service was crap.  She should find a new profession, as it was clear that she could care less.  Since we were rolling 12 deep, gratuity is automatic.  Why should she care?

Couple people got the fried shrimp special.  That was good too.  Everything looked and tasted good.  Long walk, but worth it
This place was recommended to me. 
It's a locals joint. 
It's a good place to get off the strip, eat, and blackjack is 5 bucks.
That's enough for me to go there.
Decided to make another review about this place. My fiance kept telling me that he wants to go here so I decided to give it another shot since the last time I went here it was on those busy weekends. Went here around 10pm on a wednesday. Finally got seated right when we got there. The waitress was nice, but it looked like she hated working there and she only stopped by our table 4 times. First time was to get us drinks, second time to deliver our food, third time because my chicken ceasar wrap was sooo dry and I had that before so it didn't taste like that the first time I tried it, the fourth time was just to deliver the check. Haha some service. Food was cheap though, and finally got it faster then usual. I recommend coming here late at night on a weekday because this place can be hell fridays - sundays. Unless you have the patience of a saint.
We asked the front desk for recommendations near our hotel, and headed out on a Friday night with no particular expectations. Turns out that this is a divey little casino and bar.

Once I got past feeling way overdressed, my friends and I enjoyed the $5 blackjack, $1.75 draft beers, and karaoke with some talented locals. The song selection is fairly rich with classics but is a little hit or miss with Top 40 nonsense. For example, they had Paparazzi and Poker Face but nothing by Ke$ha and not a lot else from the charts.

You're better off sticking with a crowd pleaser, anyway. Try Total Eclipse of the Heart, as long as you don't accidentally start singing the literal version instead. (Ask me why I say that...)
This place was so bad that I'm compelled to have it be my inaugural review. 

After a late night, my buddies and I were looking for a decently priced spot to eat, rest and recover. So obviously we were like "oh let's just Yelp a place - Yelpers never fail." Well you guys failed us. (4 star average with 300+ reviews?!?!?!!? COME ON) 

The majority of our group ordered the steak special. While we weren't expecting a legendary tasting steak, we also weren't expecting what it turned out to be. A medium rare steak was as tough as nails with little to no flavor -  I had to douse my chunk with A1 sauce to make it bearable. The side salad was loaded with dressing, most likely to hide its age and brown spots. What's the point of eating a salad when all its supposed benefits are negated by an exorbitant amount of dressing? The beer it came with tasted stale and watered down. I literally have nothing positive to say about this place. Even the price that you all rave about doesn't make it worth coming to. I hate McDonalds but would have preferred it over this junk. And don't even get me started about the service.

Long story short: only come here if you hate yourself.
great price.

for chicken & ribs
Worth Every Penny, the food is very good and the staff very nice will eat here again.
I went here during my last trip to Vegas because of the hype on Yelp. Its a pretty good joint for your money. The service sucks. There was no one even in the dining room and the hostess said it was a 40 minute wait. After my boyfriend bitched at the hostess she sat us down right away. Food took even longer than the wait, I just couldnt comprehend what was taking so long. 

Ellis Island you would make even more money if you had better service.
Truly a dive venue for those who are bold
A long walk from the strip, so no good if it's cold
So I'd take a cab here on the late nights with no fear
A rougher side of town, with prostitutes who are near

But it's Vegas, who's afraid of some suspects and shade?
You expect to see old men passed out on crap tables all splayed
The funniest thing I saw here though was an 80 year old man
Got carded by a guard, I damn near lost my hand

Or lost my mind cause I was cracking up at that time
I just couldn't stop, the elation so sublime
But whatever the case I'm here to review this place
More specifically the diner at the back of this space

12 bucks will get you a full prime rib meal
That includes a house root beer or brewed beer supposedly real
The best prime rib deal in Las Vegas from what I know
Because every other place I've been is gone, or has slowed

So price point and quality, I'd give this place the tip
Because I've been coming here since I was a Vegas kid
Showing up in the city when I weren't even of age
But even now that I'm "grown up", Ellis Island stays on the page
Brewery and Casino? Never heard anything like it before....only in Vegas. Its located a block from the strip (vegas block not city block...its a walk) 

Brewery: This place is all about the price. $2 craft beer in a 20 oz pilsner glass. This place is a gem when a deal in vegas is $1.50 budweiser bottles. This is CRAFT BEER. Well...none of the beers blew me away, but I still support breweries every time. Their Stout and Hef is worth trying though. They also make a Lager, Golden, and Amber Ale. Nothing too aggressive, which I miss from Northern California Beers. 

Casino: Old school feel with a mix of new and old slot machines, $5 table games with really nice dealers. Lots of TV's for watching the game. Place where the locals and taxi drivers hangout. 

Restaurant: Cheap, cheap, cheap...prices range from $3.99 to $15ish. Good food for the price. Patty was our server for a group of 11 and she was so friendly. Way to take care of us in hangover mode.
A divey place with a very vintage Vegas feel.  I came here for the $4.99 steak and eggs special to cure the late night munchies.  The plate came with an 8-oz steak, two eggs (over easy for me), fried potatoes and an absurd amount of buttered toast (I'm pretty sure our waitress hooked it up).  This meal is no gourmet dining experience, but absolutely hit the spot, and I didn't care that we had to cab it to a somewhat shady-looking part of town to get here.  From our hotel (Signature at MGM) this was only a $5 cab ride, so I'd say if you're staying there this is the place to go for your steak and eggs, especially if you've already blown all your money on buffets and black jack.
Go for the beer, stay for the...beer

After a dismal fail on the part of Benihana at the hilton the night before, we asked a cab driver what was a good place to get a steak in vegas and he told us about Ellis island, so off we went the next night.

The place itself is on the whole, completely unimpressive.  Old decor, run down tables, and plugged with ripped red vinyl.  It kinda has the feel of what you would get if you crossed an old folks home for cigarette smokers with a casino.  At 36, I was well below the average age by a couple decades.  Not exactly "happening"..

Anyways, during the long wait for our table (suprising considering the number of empty tables at the restaurant) we attempted to order a beer at the bar but got yelled at by the bartender for apparently daring to tread on the oh so sacred ground of the "server station".

B$%## bartender aside, the hef was delicious - I don't normally go for foofier beers like that, but it really hit the spot, and at 1.75 for a 20 ounce microbrew, you just can't go wrong.

Once we got seated, our server didn't really speak english, but that was fine since apparently nobody orders anything but the prime rib there anyways.  I ordered my prime rib rare and it came out damn near still cold, so I was happy with that aspect of it, but I was not happy with the fact it was about 60%fat and gristle, and only about 40 percent actual meat.  The others at my table got better cuts tho, and hey, for 13 bucks including a 20 oz beer, you can't really complain.

Al in a, a decent deal, and the beer we had was exceptionally good.  I'd eat there again.
The food is great and the price is even better. I come here for the beer all the time and now I'm comming for the food.
I always crave steak and eggs when going to Vegas, so my friends and I went here for the $4.99 Steak and Eggs (plus potatoes and toast). That's a dollar cheaper than Bill's Gambling Hall! This place had fried breakfast potatoes instead of hash browns, but the steak was better at Ellis Island, in my opinion.

I liked how this place wasn't busy at all. It probably has to do with the fact that it is a small, hidden place a block away from the strip. There was no wait at all, unlike Bill's, where we usually have to wait 10-20 minutes to get seated.
For $7.99 (on a Saturday night), the steak dinner special is a great deal especially in now upscaled Las Vegas.  Believe me when I say it can be really hard now to find a good deal in Las Vegas anymore, at least on the strip.  You have to go off-strip (like here) to find anything decent anymore.

Is it the best steak you ever had? No.  The meat was a bit tough and chewy, but it was cooked medium rare the way I asked for it and flavorful for all that.  Rounded out with a large baked potato and a good pile of string beans, it was plenty of food after a long day of traveling and hiking.  The thing that puts this special over the top and makes it a four star is the inclusion of a house-made beer or root beer.  My husband ordered the porter (a decent beer too!) and I ordered the root beer.  The root beer was definitely better than most anything you can buy in the store.
EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! Still love the $6.99 Steak Dinner
but the real star of the show at Ellis Island is the Egg Nog! 

Egg nog, you may ask? Ellis Island has egg nog? 

Oh yes, Ellis Island has egg nog during the holidays and it isn't just any run of the mill egg nog either. Oh no, This decadent egg nog is house-made, eggy, creamy, spicy, pre-boozed, luscious, Christmas in a cup. 

Really, I don't know if I want to drink it or rub it all over myself. I think I want to marry it!

It is that amazing. I don't know what kind of booze is in it, but I do know there is ALOT of booze in it. Honestly it could be battery acid or gasoline and it is sooooo good I would drink it anyway and take my chances.

You can order it by the glass at the bar or in the restaurant for $6 (it is a big glass and practically a meal in itself) or you can buy it by the bottle for $30. I know that sounds a bit steep for egg nog but it is worth every penny.
Wow... looks can definitely be deceiving but this place has amazing bbq worth checking out. There really is only 3 choices: ribs, chicken, or both in a combo! The sweet but delicious bbq sauce went quick. Food came out fast and their own brewed beer kept us tide over. We literally only paid less than $20 a person, wtf... that's unheard of! Guess it really pays to eat off the strip even though its only by 2 blocks (on Koval behind Paris). Cab it over now!
The last time someone could get a full steak dinner for $7.99, I didn't exist in the world yet. That's what led us meat hungry girls off the strip, across traffic and into a casino that was more smoke than anything else. The wait on a Saturday night? Nearly an hour and a half and there wasn't anything else to do but be cramped in a tiny, smoky room filled with slot machines. Wait you say, how does this make it a 5 star review? Because patience my dear reader, all the pain my lungs went through to breathe in there was worth it in the end. 

We were seated and promptly, the waiter proved his amazingness by taking our orders quickly and oh, he KNEW what we were there for. But to my surprise, we didn't just get a nice hunk of sirloin, green beans and our choice of potato. No sir! We were asked soup or salad? Want free house brewed root beer in tall curvy glasses? Want piping hot bread rolls and butter? What's that, did you say more bread rolls at no extra cost? 

Steak quality: Mine was bloody and perfect but the other gals who ordered medium rare had varying degrees of pink. Sad face! 

And to top it all off, we wanted to take our root beer home since it was so tasty. The waiter goes "why don't you just take the glasses with you? It's Vegas and you are all beautiful ladies." Why HELLO, yes I think I will! Grand total = kaching ... $8 each + tax for all of the above. Holy moly. 

Oh and don't forget this place is a brewery so they have a nice selection on tap from hefeweizen to ambers to stouts. With a steak that cheap, a nice cold one cost us a whopping $1.75 a piece. IN VEGAS. After staying at the Bellagio, all of our wallets were glad to take less of a beat down. Best dinner choice of the whole trip!
My girlfriend and I love craft brews so every time we visit a city we search for breweries to try some suds.  This past week we went to Ellis Island and the beer was putrid at best.  It was like they put half beer and half water in a pint. The IPA was horrible and my girlfriend couldn't even finish the wheat.  Didn't come here to eat so cant comment on that but if your in Vegas and want a good beer head to Tenaya, Big Dog or 777 at Main Street, all 3 were waaaaaaaay better beers. Forgot to add the female bartender acted like she wanted to be anywhere but there at the moment.  Either she was having a bad day or she needs to find another job. At least she had a patriots jersey on :), one plus for her
Their beer is really good, especially for $1.75. The BBQ place is unbelievable, so good. It sucks its always busy and you have to wait like 30+min to get seated, but its worth it. Have some beers at the bar while waiting
everything is great!  . . . . . .  cheap food cheap drinks. Try metro pizza on thurs 2 for 1 slices and try the bbq its delicious
Forgettable.  Baked chicken w/ BBQ, over gravy mash, boring corn, lame salad,  I think all good ratings are from the Saturday steak dinner.  Only reason I would try again.
$7.99 steak dinner!! cray cray. at first i was a little skeptical...wouldn't you be? but i kept an open mind. came here for dinner with some friends. there was a bit of a wait but no longer than 15-20 mins. i ordered the steak dinner special which comes with a perfect 8 oz steak, green beans, your choice of baked/mashed potatoes or french fries, and either root beer/house beer. the steak was legit! so good. my friend ordered the prime rib dinner for $12.99...that was legit too! the root beer was super tasty as well. service was alright. i'll be back...definitely can't beat the prices here. =)
Good food I had the Shrimp Scampi and it wasn't bad at all. Our waitress was very funny and the food came fast. The prices were very reasonable. The only bad thing was that the bread was terrible it was extremely hard.
This is just a review of their restaurant-- which serves steak,eggs,potatoes,+toast  for only $5.99!!! (starting at midnight). I'd definitely stop by again for a cheap late dinner fix =D
It's located off the strip, and the casino itself isn't very appealing from the outside/inside, but if you're low on cash and want some yummy meat this is the place to go =D
Steak and Eggs were BOMB.COM!!! for like 5 bucks??! hella good and they give you a generous portion. My guy friends actually had trouble finishing it. The prime rib special was on point as well. Good deal because its 12 bucks and it comes with your choice of beer or root beer, salad or soup, along with your generous cut of prime rib. If you're on a budget, or you're looking for the drunken munchies, ellis island is definitely the spot to be at.
Excellent Prime Rib, fresh sides & great service.
I would pass on the baked potato and go for the side salad or cole slaw.

They tend to slightly overcook the prime rib but it's a good quality cut of beef.

Four of us had a great meal for under $60.
The prices have gone up and the quality has gone down.  The off menu steak special is now $7.99 and the beers have gone up to $2 a pop.  The cuts of beef were gristly and the light lager tasted sour.

Our hero only got complaints about the food from the party he was with the last time he was here.  It took them almost an hour to get seated on a school night at 8 PM and it smelled awful due to poor ventilation.  It seemed to our hero that they have pretty high staff turnover here because he only recognized one server from the last time he came.

Still... you gotta give it to them that it's quite a good value for the food and most of the beers are still pretty good for two bucks!  Remember, a good rule of thumb for the Ellis Island beers are that the darker they are, the better they taste.

PROS:
- The food's still cheap and filling.
- Some of the lowest limit gambling just a stone's throw away from the strip.

CONS:
- The smokey atmosphere in the casino is nearly suffocating and it permeates into the restaurant.
- Prices have gone up but the quality hasn't.
- Long wait times during dinner.
have been to ellis island for the steak special but wanted to get over their for their bbq special this trip.  we ended up getting there about 4:45 after reading that it opens at 4 pm with usually a good wait.  we were told at that point it would be an hour wait.  so we went to the bar and had a couple beers.  the homemade beers are tasty so if you like craft beer give em a try.  even if you don't they're a 1.75 and about 22 oz. so its a real good deal.  i had an ipa and an amber and my wife had a hefewizen.  definitely recommend the ipa.  we probably waited about 40 min before they called our number for our table.  i ended up getting the half slab and half chicken which was 9.99 and my wife just got the half slab which was 8.99.  with it you get a cup big cup of cole slaw and beans, two halves of corn on the cob, and a couple pieces of bread.  the food was outstanding.  for twenty bucks it was a ridiculous amount of food and it came out quick and it was so delicious.  definitely recommend walking over from the strip to try it out.
The secret is out. Ellis Island has great deals and if you want to take advantage of them, be forewarned... You aren't going to be the only person doing so! So you may have a little bit of a wait... But deals like those found at Ellis Island are worth a little patience. 

$1.75 for a beer brewed on-site... The only thing that may beat that bargain is the $7.99 steak dinner special that includes a beer. Yes, prices were cheaper a year or two back... They are still really low for a city will of places that charges $6 for a bottle of water and $18 for a Red Bull with vodka. Anywhere you can get 22 ounces of craft beer for $2 or less is a deal! For those of you looking to stay sober, they also brew a very tasty root beer.

I went with my husband and his brother to Ellis Island for some cheap beer, dinner and gambling. It was a Tuesday night, we had about a 30 minute wait for a table in the restaurant so we sat down to play some video poker. My brother-in-law paid $2 to enter a slot tournament (they have them daily), ended up winning it and walked out with $114 and a story to tell his friends back home! 

The three of us had dinner and beers for $30, not a bad deal at all. The steak dinner special is what I had, they steak isn't anything you'd get at a fancy steakhouse but it's still good for the price, which also includes a potato and veggie side. 

If you are uppity and like to waste money, this place isn't for you. If you want to experience the charm of old Vegas without heading downtown, check out Ellis Island.
Cheap food, drinks, gambling... SCORE!! 

Shots at the bar--$3-4 for Irish car bombs and you can find black jack tables for $5 or so here and you monies will go a long way.  Their steak and eggs at the cafe isn't too shabby either and they have deals that include beer too... 

This time around, my friends and I wanted to kill some time during the day, so we wanted to find a place where we can get cheap drinks and gamble at the low min tables... and this is the spot! Only thing is that drinking too early may not be too good, because then everyone passes out early too!!!!! 

This time around I was able to try their BBQ... even tho it was over an hour wait time, it was definitely worth it and we were able to kill our time at the tables... We had the 1/2 rack or ribs and chicken special and the $2 beers... Our tab for 4 came out to be under $30, which is great for eating out in Vegas and we didn't finish our food...
The Special.

I could eat this thing every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's a helluva deal that can't be beat. Unless of course you're at the all-you-can eat buffet from 'Vegas Vacation.'

Rolls
Salad
Steak
Potato
Greens
Garlic bread
AND
a Beer!

For seven bucks, you can't go wrong. This has been added to every single future Vegas itinerary. Thank you Las Vegas, only you could feed someone for so little.
Prices for beer went up to $1.75. NO CHILDREN allowed. The fire marshall made them get rid of the charcoal pit on the patio, so the ribs are no longer finished over an open flame. (I'm thinking someone forgot to mail the fire marshall his monthly payoff, but you didn't hear that from me).
Just about everyone raves about the sirloin special, now $7.99 for a bleh piece of meat, but there's also the $6.99 Fried Chicken special which is usually on the chef's board up front.

Wanted to try something different than my usual King Cut Prime Rib ($12.99 with either a beer or root beer) so I ordered the Fried Chicken special.
It is presented in a big basket with steak fries, cole slaw, and FOUR good sized pices of fried chicken.

$6.99 for all this? Can't go wrong....You don't have to wait a minimum of 20 minutes, and you pay DOUBLE for THREE pieces of chicken at other soul food joints in town.

Crisp exterior and juicy inside, including the breast which can be dry at times...another good tip is to ask the waitperson for some honey to drizzle onto each bite.....YUM! ...and they serve the real stuff, not the fructose corn syrup fast food stuff....skip the sirloin and give the chicken a shot...Oh, if you,re in the mood for BBQ, go elsewhere...they pre cook their chicken and boil their ribs and then, they heat it on the grill for smokiness, then they brush on the sauce. Been there, done that, never again....ALOHA!!!
I'm a fan!  For about $15-$18 per person for some bbq ribs and chicken with garlic bread, corn on the cob, coleslaw and beans, you can't go wrong!    Let me add a beer added to that price as well!
On our recent trip to Vegas, a friend recommended this place and from the outside you would think, 'ok this place is gonna be a crap hole!'  It's a small place, I will say that, but once you sat down and got your food.  That was it, we were all grubbin and getting our eat on.  The food was great and for the price, even better!   
I'd definitely come here again next time we're in Vegas!
This place seems shady when you first contemplate going into it but it's legit. The BBQ ribs are good here, okay better than good. It is definitely worth the one hour wait. The service is great and the people are nice. You get yours money's worth here. A full rack of ribs for like $12.99 or so with the player's club card.  Or you can opt for the combo where you get half a chicken and half rack of ribs with bread, corn, beans, and coleslaw on the side. Get the original ribs they are tender and great. The smoked ones are more dry and jerky like.

Overall, I've been here 4 times, maybe more within the past year and each time waited the long wait and each time it was worth it.  Caution: be wise when you gamble while you wait.  Though this casino is small, it has some good food.  We always take people here when we come to Vegas.  It has become one of our regular places.
This review is solely for the karaoke.

Still being a Vegas newbie I have been finding a lot of places word of mouth.  This is the classic example of that.  Cue scene: Me singing and another venue and making new friends.  We realize that getting on stage again isn't going to happen, and inevitably, someone will say, "Ellis".  With nods, grins, and everyone quietly repeating "Eliis" in approval, I decided to follow everyone over there.

I loved how small the entire place was.  What I loved even more was the pricing of the beer-- $1.75.  The first time I was there I got the stout.  It was alright.  I'm very stout picky and prefer the imperial variety, but it wasn't bad.  The next time I got the IPA.  I haven't moved on.  It's the one for me.  If you ask for water, it's a bottle for $1.  One night they hassled me about a minimum to use  my card, and every other night it's been fine... so be aware of that.

The books are huge.  They have ones by song title and ones by artist.  There are also many other songs that aren't in the books, so you can always ask.  Also, everyone is pretty friendly.  You can always strike up a convo with people visiting or the regulars.  My only issue is the queue.  Most nights I have gone tended to be from 30 minutes to 90 minutes to sing.  A lot of times  I've seen people get up 5-6 times while others have gotten up 2 times even though they have songs in... and it's not like the it was a quality of singing issue.  It actually upset some of the patrons so badly that they started complaining to me about it (like I could do anything) then the host.  Maybe the 5-6 time people were big tippers?  Maybe people were getting irritable because they had been there since 10 drinking and it was almost 3?  I'm not entirely sure.  Maybe I'm too easy going to care.

With all that said, it really is one of the best venues for karaoke.  And as with all music and music venues, you can't really appease everyone.
beer only.

i hate grading businesses poorly, but wow, the two beers i tried were bad. 

when i went, five beers were on tap: the hefeweizen, amber, stout, an ipa and i can't remember the fifth. the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find. as i've got a new found love of ipa's, i think my excitement showed in my face when the bartender mentioned they had an ipa. he quickly said, "i don't think it's strong enough." i wasn't sure what he meant, so i asked, "not strong enough in terms of hoppiness or abv?" he said it's not very hoppy.

he gave me a sample and he was right. no hops at all, tasted like a lager. pass. now that i think about it, if he told me it was a lager, i probably wouldn't have minded it. i got the stout next, and while it was marginally better than the ipa, there just wasn't much flavor at all. i was so disappointed i considered abandoning the unfinished glass, but thought that would be rude.

i may give their other beers a try if i've got time to kill, but i'd have a hard time recommending any craft beer fans visit this place specifically for the beer. it's cheap though, only $1.50 a pint.
Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good.
metro pizza.............. by the slice!!!
One thing to get here. STEAK AND EGGS! The best I've found so far in Vegas. It looks a little ghetto and stinky and dirty but sometimes those are the best places to go! Looks can be deceiving. They have pretty cheap tables too!
There is literally nothing better than a steak dinner special, with beer and tip, that can adequately be paid for with your last $10 bill. True, the green beans were a little rubbery and WAY too buttery, the steak was not bad and the potatoes were alright too.
Eh.  Well, we got the steak special thing (which is not on the menu) and while it was only $7.99 for a small steak, baked potato, green beans, salad/soup AND a beer, it wasn't that great.  The steak was not a good cut at all, and it was kind of tough.  I wasn't really impressed.

The service isn't that great either.  She maybe came by once while we were eating.

I don't know......  Is the $8 bargain worth tasteless food?  Meh, I'd rather not.  So check it out and see for yourself.
Steak special is good and the beer is great. The steak will be not the best cut but for $7.99 who can complain. The beer is why we go here. 22oz for $1.75 made in the on site brewery. Plenty of entertainment at the center bar. The clientele is shady so always fun to watch.
On the scale from 1-10, 10 being the jankiest of janky casinos, I would say this casino is about a 9. It's dark, dim, smoke-infested, and small in here. If you catch this place in the morning, you'll meet the night crawlers and it's not pretty here at the Ellis Island..

But once you reach the restaurant, you'll literally realize, the grass is always greener on the other side. 

Steak & Eggs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=qcM6QdCRzuf-BDTznRHR2w
$4.99! Uh, what?
The steak was pretty delicious and tenderly cooked to my medium-rare option. Is it odd to say that I'm "an egg person?" I'm pretty much a sucker for anything egg and a fan of the runny yolk, on the top, side, or bottom of my food.  The 'taters were crispy golden brown and tasty. The sourdough bread toast (drenched with buttah) hit the spot.  So seriously.. $4.99?

I know there are tons of places on/off the strip for cheap steak, but this is by far one of the places I can agree for its mind-blowing value. You can also opt out the egg, for a "steak dinner" - $6.99.

Oh yes, this place is also a brewery, so our order of house Hef was $2. My mimosa was  $5 and it was kinda huge.

So.. our 4 steak orders and 2 alcohol drinks under $30?
If you lost your soul in what Jay B calls, "Lost Wages," come here. Your wallet will surely thank you, then give one swift kick to the groin.  
Ellis will save you!
Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't turn up your nose when you walk into this dive of a casino located a 1/4 mile off the strip. The food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal. There is reason why people will wait for an hour to be seated. You can look at the other posts to see what you get with the steak special. Everything is tasty and homemade. I will just say this, I paid $15.99 at Outback for a top sirloin that wasn't nearly as good as the $8 Ellis Island steak. If you want ambiance and a romantic atmosphere-go somewhere else. If you are hanging out with your friends or family and want a good meal for a great price, Ellis Island is a sure winner.
I would never walk in here if it wasn't for the steak special. $6.95 for soup or salad, mashed baked or fries potatoes, green beans, a sirloin steak, and a beer! I've never sent a steak back, and I enjoy their stout and amber beers. If it wasn't so smokey I would stay and gamble, but this casino is about the smokiest place in town.
When you think of Vegas, you think of nice hotels, bright lights, good looking people. Ellis Island does not fit into that image of Vegas. It's one of the more ghetto parts of Vegas. People here around 3am are drunk and worn out from drinking/clubbin and aren't looking their best LIKE ME.

HOWEVER, the restaurant is open 24 hours and has an AMAZING deal.

4.99 Steak and Eggs! This is why I come here after fun night of drinking and clubbin.

6oz ham steak that hits the spot served with hash browns, eggs, and toast. For this price, you can't complain and it'll satisfy your munchies, especially the drunken munchies.

Definitely come here for late night cravings, or if you're broke from gambling and need some food to comfort you.
Heard the old sane, "you get what you pay for"?  The $6.99 steak was tough.  Salad, veggies, baked potato good. Beer very good.  Off the beaten track.  I would not like to walk to Ellis Island due to the iffy neighborhood.  There is karaoke at the bar. . .questionable group to say the least.  I've had better steaks at Burger Pit and Sizzler.
This is totally a local's casino.  But it does get its share of the well-informed out-of-towners, mainly because of the great BBQ and the value for your $ restaurant.

The casino itself is nothing to rave about it, unless you want to save on cigerettes by inhaling free second hand smoke.  Parking is scarce however, and can be a pain sometimes.

But the reason why I come to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is for the food.  For the price they charge, it really is a steal.  Of the food available here, the BBQ is definitely the better option.  However, their regular restaurant selections are good as well.

I still have not been able to try their prime rib, as the last time I visited with my friends, who were in town for CES, the prime ribs were overcooked.  Our waiter told us unless we like prime ribs well done, it was best to try back another time.  So we ordered other stuff, and I think the best is their chicken fried chicken or chicken fried steak.   The portions are largeish.  Their house salad was good too, in a down to earth, diner salad kind of way.\

Of course the visit was even better since there was hardly any wait at all, considering it usually takes 30 minutes or more, unless you go relatively early.

Food - 4/5
Price - 5/5
Decor - 3/5
Waitstaff -4.5/5

And if you like beers, they brew their own!
At $5 a plate for a sizeable steak, two eggs, toast and house potatoes, you won't get a better deal in Vegas. Additionally, everything is cooked perfectly; the steak was deliciously grilled medium-rare, our over-easy eggs were super runny, the buttered sourdough toast was lightly crunchy, and they must sprinkle crack dust on their crunchy-golden outside and hot-and-fluffy inside house potatoes, because we could not stop eating them.  

I'm told this is THE place to go after a night of partying, but we grabbed a late dinner there sober and it was STILL delicious. And as further proof (not that you need it), the taxi drivers eat there, so you know it's legit.
You can't beat this place for breakfast in Vegas. The $5 steak and eggs is sizable and tasty. There is no fuss over the presentation just good hearty food. Where else in Vegas can you feed 4 grown men for $30!?!
This is one of the first places I went to when I first moved to Las Vegas. My cousin also took me here, she probably introduced me to all my favorite restaurants my first year in Nevada. We eat by the brewery bbq, we mainly like to sit outside to dine underneath the warm fire lamps, the brick cobblestone ground, enclosed in with wooden fence and our noses are drenched with the scent of slabs of meat slow cooking and being grilled in front of you by their line cook. The ribs are so soft and fall off the bone delicious with their sweet & tangy BBQ SAUCE , I usually order an extra side so I can drench that baby. I usually get a FULL SLAB, and the portion is HUGE, I usually take half of it home! You also get 2 corn on the cobs a piece of bread and a side of bake beans all for $12.99 with your players card, it use to be $10.99 I think though when I first moved here in 2007. The only downfall is that you have to wait an hour , there was never a time I waited any shorter than that but its worth it if you want to get full and coat your stomach for some drinks and when your feenin for some ribs.

I also have visted the restaurant inside this tiny local casino. I order the KING PRIME RIB... DELICIOUS!!!! Their breakfast here is good too!

Other than the long wait and heavy air of smoke its a definite place to please your man appetite. I know I have one ..! lol



Oh forgot to mention they brew their own beer and you can have a glass for just $1.00!
This is where the locals go, so when you're tired of the overpriced crap on the Strip, come here.

The restaurant is excellent, the specials are super cheap and always delicious.  The ribs/BBQ area is also delicious, cheap, and always packed.  The NY pizza joint is supposedly run by actual New Yorkers, and it's great too.

Gambling takes the form of a bank of slot machines (that pay actual coins!  holy crap!), a few low limit blackjack tables, a roulette table, and a craps table.  (I'm sad they got rid of the mini-craps table and replaced it with a full sized one, though.)  Come here if you want to kill some time gambling but don't want to melt your wallet.  There's also a small but comfy sports book, so if you're here with gambler friends and all you want to do is watch the game/race/whatever, there's a place for that too.

As one might expect from the name, they brew their own beer (and root beer, and egg nog during the holidays) and it is all excellent.  And at $1 a glass (or free if you're gambling, of course), you absolutely cannot go wrong.  You can also take home half gallon "little brown jugs" for later enjoyment.  Try the heffie; you won't regret it.

Only downside is that this place kind of has the "old" Vegas feel to it, so it's kind of dark and smoky.  But, every place in Vegas is smoky to a degree, so you get used to it I guess.
Ribs = amazing
2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. 

This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!
I couldn't believe it when I read reviews. $12.99 for prime rib? I've seen these ridiculous deals lit up in lights: "Bill's $4.99 Steak and Egg Breakfast!". I never thought I'd find myself sitting amongst the throng of old people and families waiting to gorge themselves on sub-par quality meat. I was fortunately able to avoid the drunk people at 6:30pm.

But here I was, #51 at 6:30pm. A 45 minute wait 30 minutes into opening. Ridiculous! 

For $12.99, I ordered a thick piece of prime rib, juicy, tender, and flavorful. While it was no HOPR (house of prime rib in san francisco), it was pretty delicious. Maybe slightly tough in certain areas, but that comes with the territory. It came with a side of pre-packaged rolls, soggy beans and a disgusting baked potato that tasted like it came from a senior citizen home, but I'll just disregard that. 

Note: they do not offer delivery or take out.
If you don't like Ellis Island...I don't like you...end of story.

Dollar for Dollar the best deals in Las Vegas!.
BUT....
DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN A HURRY!

(Note: $6.99 steak special is now $7.99 and beers at the bar are now $1.75 [$2 in the restaurant])

THE STEAK SPECIAL:
6 oz thick cut sirloin, green beans, choice of potato (baked, fries, or mashed) salad or soup, bread AND a 20 oz Beer brewed on site all for $7.99. Of course it's not Del Frisco's, McCormick & Shmick's or similar...but it is still way above par for the value.
The steak is perfectly cooked to order 90% of the time. The bread is bland...but on Tuesday's they always have Split Pea soup and it is EXCELLENT. Otherwise just stick with the salad. If Susie is serving that day, request her. Sweetest and hardest working gal in this town.
*Note on service...to keep these prices what they are you have to cut corners somewhere. Servers typically have 5-8 table sections, and typically have 5-7 tables at a time...if you are in the industry RECOGNIZE this and have patience...if you have never worked in a restaurant, SHUT THE HELL UP and have patience.

THE BBQ: (Only available from 4pm-10pm each day)
With players card you can get a half rack for $7.99, a full rack for $11.99 and a half rack, half chicken combo for $8.99 (which is the best deal, but I hate BBQ chicken so stick with the full rack.)
These are among the best, and most consistent ribs in Las Vegas
Along with the ribs you get cole slaw (probably the worst on earth), garlic bread, corn on the cob, and baked beans (somewhat smokey and spicy to foil the rich sweetness of the bbq sauce.)
The service in the BBQ is a direct result of a constant 45 minute wait from the time. Think of this place like the Soup Nazi, except it's the BBQ Nazis...do not ask questions, you cannot substitute, they don't do to go orders, and they WILL skip you if you complain about the wait. 
******No one under 21 is allowed in the BBQ area****** So don't plan on taking the kids. 

There is also a Metro Pizza inside if you don't like (steak or bbq) which has 2 for 1 slices on certain days (i think monday or wednesday or both). Not the same quality of the restaurants but still good if you don't want to sit down and wait.

OTHER HIGHLIGHTS:
$5 table games  
Karaoke at the bar 7 nights a week
value of the quality beer (Here again....it's not dogfish head or similar but a great value.) My favorite is the Amber.
Although it's small they still have a sportsbook
Great frequent player program with lots of small prizes and giveaways nightly

To sum it up...if you are staying at a 5 star resort on expense account this is probably not your place (unless, like me, you like to slum it) But for the locals and those looking for the great deals around town give it a chance...it's dirty, the people aren't exactly supermodels and they are often grouchy....but it has no pretense and it always delivers what little it does promise.
I was craving BBQ and decided to give this old casino a shot. After putting my name down on the list, I proceeded to the bar where I was able to drink $1.75 pints of amber ale. The beer was delicious. 

45 minutes later, I got to beast on the half chicken and half rack of ribs. The chicken was moist, and the meat from the ribs had a great crispy char to it. 

Definitely worth a visit.
Bad service, GREAT barbecue!!! Great prices!!!

They have a really good BBQ, take it from a BBQ lover such as myself. I would definitely go back, but I always forget about the long wait.
2 entres each including: filet mignon, green beans, & a baked potato. Along w/ 2 draft beers from their own brewery. All for under $20!!! & it was sooo yummy! Cant beat it :o)
First time i saw this place my friends dragged me in to have me try what was said to be the cheapest best steak you can get in Las Vegas. You can read other reviews to get details, but it lives up to its reputation.

Others rave about the BBQ although I have yet to try. But again, I am all about beer and anywhere you can get tasty locally brewed beers for less the $2, count me in.
OK for the price. Big portions but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.

Onion rings : Decent, a little soggy.

Loaded Potato Skins : Lots of bacon, chewy.

Prime Rib: Cooked nicely (medium-rare) nothing special. The horseradish was weak and disappointing.
I'm a fan.  

I've stayed all over Vegas, and certainly appreciate the grandeur available.  However, you can't beat the Ellis Island when it comes to bang for your buck.

Connected to the Super 8, this casino offers cheap drinks, a very good restaurant at a great price, great service and cheap rooms.  You can't really ask for more. 

Plus, it's an easy walk to the Strip and the monorail station at Bally's.
The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat.
We each ordered  1/2 a rack of baby back ribs (tender and delicious) that included ranch beans (undercooked), corn on the cob (previously frozen and mushy), coleslaw (tasty) and toast (cold). 

A few morning's later we returned for a breakfast. My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast (slightly overcooked) while I had the easy over eggs, sourdough toast (chewy) and breakfast potatoes (amazingly good).  Service this morning was excellent.
BEST MEAL IN VEGAS:
$4.99 Steak + Eggs: Juicy, fatty steak with 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast w. generous amounts of butter! The steak cut in this deal is much better than the $7.99 deal.


NOT WORTH IT IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT MORE THAN 30 MINUTES:
$7.99 Steak + Potatoes: Steak (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.


NOM NOM NOM FOR THE TRUE BALLERS. MEAT IS GOOOOOD!
$12.99 Prime Rib Dinner: Prime (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.

Both the root beer and beer are great! If you get the $7.99 or $12.99 deal with 2 or 3 friends who want root beer, split an order of vanilla ice cream for a QUALITY float. Start your night with a sugar rush!
This place sucks, food breakfast skillet was terrible, very little meat, old potatoes, mostly green peppers, and the beer I ordered never showed up. I sat with a view ofthe bar and it was made and waiting for me, food cane out an bill came out, beer still sat there, the waitress popped up twice ou of the wholeyime, took 10 minutes to pay for the check, asked 2 dofferednt propel to take. Our check, first said we'd had to wait or our waitress, second didn't eve. Say anything, just looked at us, and we wente drunk. Bot coming back
love this local gem its a bit of a secret, off the strip, but my go to when I'm in town, feels like visiting family...cheap food, loose slots, cheep bear, shady dudes, skanky women, fantastic! a couple of hours here and you will feel like nicolas cage  in leaving las vegas...pick the minds of the heardened vets @ the bar,,or the lovely ladies @ the cash cage for the ins and outs...serious this the unofficial embassy of vegas
Commenting on the steak and eggs special, Aaron says, "Pretttty gooood".
Don't leave Vegas without going to this dive....BBQ Ribs & Chicken (at the Brewery) are the best in town and cheap too (if you have your player's card)!!!
Though the wait was very long (40 minutes), the unpublished $7.99 steak meal was fantastic.  Decently tasty steak, a beer, soup, and sides for $7.99!  Amazing deal, above average food, and expectedly slow service.  The only major complaint is that the place is not ventilated well, and you are surrounded in a cloud of smoke for your entire wait.  4.5 stars on the food, 2-3 stars on the environment, service, and location.
This place is great. Not fancy. Filled with locals. You can walk to it from the strip. Great prices. The Breakfast Burrito was a 9 on the scale. Chicken Fried Steak was a 9 also. Next time we will do dinner here. 
You will not be sorry.
I Had A Great Time, $1.75 22oz Micro Brews, Karaoke Was A Blast, Hole In The Wall And I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way!
You really can't go wrong with a steak dinner and beer for like 7 bucks. Our taxi ride to this casino from the strip cost more than that! The casino's actually not that far from the strip, but we were tired of walking after a full day of casino touring. We did however end up walking back because catching 2 cabs there is near impossible on a weeknight.

Wait wasn't too bad, like 20 minutes, and you'll eventually get used to the cloud of smoke that you're breathing in... at least the beer will help wash that down!
The best bbq ribs and chicken ever.  For around $10 you can have half a slab of ribs and half a chicken, with or without bbq sauce, a side of slaw, beans, corn on the cob and slices of bread.  Those are your only options.  Either way, it's definitely one of the best kept secrets of Vegas
The first thing that hits you is the smoke. As a non-smoker, it sucks. But as a previous-smoker, I can deal. 

The only reason why I go to Ellis Island is for the free pizza and the free slot play for having the player's card.

The Root Beer is the best ever though!
I've gone here a couple times only for karaoke and cheap drinks. 
5 stars for the cheap drinks, 2 stars for the the size and crowd. So averages about a 3, in my opinion. 

Drinks here are HELLA cheap. If you are a local or a tourist and like to have fun and drink without breaking the bank or your pocket, then it's a place to go.

As far as karaoke goes, if you are looking for a place to sing, good luck, because the wait time is about an hour and a half to 2 hours. And if you LOVE to sing, better be there early and plan on staying ALL NIGHT, and also bring some sanitizing wipes, because the "mixed" crowd, well for lack of a better word, it's not the most appealing, clean looking or hygienically speaking. Or better yet, just sit your butt down and just sing along at your table and dont even worry about getting up and singing , because the place is small, and it feels like youre in a crew ship, the ceilings are low, and feels like i can reach it without jumping (and I'm about 5'3") so I hope that gives you the idea..

Anywho.. i go back there from time to time, for pre party purposes only.
Oh man. YES YES YES. We felt like we walked through a wormhole and woke up in Vegas circa 1971. This was almost the highlight of our Vegas trip.

Awesome bar, $1.75 22 oz brewhouse beers.
$11.99 prime rib - including a free beer
Plenty of TVs, great service, BBQ place on the corner and decent table games. 

This is a hidden gem locals only place by Vegas standards and it is absolutely fabulous.
We were advised that their BBQ ribs were to die for.  They do them special after 4pm, and we just had to do it.  So we did.  Frankly, they were adequate.  Nothing special.  I can think of two places near my home (Phoenix) that are better.  Not sure what my friend was thinking.

But their brew was pretty good.

We won't make a point of going back, but you could do worse.
My new favorite late night spot.

I have been here twice. I order the special and another time I had the late night steak& eggs. Both times I order steak and it was pretty good both times. It was cooked the way I wanted it as well.  Yeah the wait staff may be a little slow at times, but the food comes out hot and quick.

Hand down if you want cheap eat & music (sing a-long) come here and you will find it. 

Also they have karaoke as well, so check that out and you will hear a lot of folks that can't sing but will try when they are drunk as hell.
Found this place on a French Toast Review Forum. This place had votes for having some of the Best in Vegas (along with Bouchon)! Of course being a Breakfast Feen and a French Toast Junkie (at times), I made my way here..

* I got here on a Sunday morning and there was an anticipated line but the Host noticed I was alone and quickly called me over and sat me right away. My server dropped off a menu pronto, as if I had a reservation waiting for me.. Coffee was poured soon after and order taken as well..

Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast & Bacon: In my opinion, This was the Best French Toast I've had.. It was Pristine in every aspect of what I know a Traditional based French Toast should be. Now, I've had fancy shmancy French Toast with exotic fruits toppings, syrups, bread.. Some were decent some were great but my preference with French Toast is simple but done well. This particluar one was hands down, bow down, and praises to the chef/cook.. is on the top of my list. 

The saltiness of the long and medium cooked bacon (they weren't the 90% fat strips or short well done crispy strips) just brought it home! 

* Busser here was so attentive, well mannered, very friendly and very fast. 

I got better service here than 5 star/diamond restaurants!!! French Toast is A 100% Must Try for those of you that appreciate an exceptional straightforward blue collar approach that would rival the Best of em'! Atmosphere felt fine and comfortable (like any other 24 hour cafe/diner). To top off the icing, the meal was inexpensive! 

This little casino packs a Big French Toast Punch!!
The reason why I give it three stars is because of the size and the location (though I'm sure my review will be destined to change in an update in the near future once I start going back more!) It's relatively small, and I believe this is because they don't aim to be a casino that wants to attract a lot of attention from the bigger hotels of the strip. The location is mainly because of how the area is a *tad* bit sketchy, but when you're in a group you're perfectly fine.

The best thing about Ellis is the cheap drinks, period. Also, the best thing is the tables. I've really enjoyed playing blackjack here on the tables, I've seemed to have gotten decent luck at them compared to the hotels on the strip and the local hotels. I've tried their brewed beers on site, and while I'm not *too* much of a fan, they're cheap enough to give it a go. I do overall like this place, and hopefully my review might be of a better one in the future when I return!
I would never go to this place if the didn't have the 7.99 steak deal. You get a large steak maybe 8 oz, green beans, house salad, pick a type of potato side and comes with a beer or root beer. The meal is a great deal. With that being said this place is a dirt hole. Example after I ate there walking out , a shirtless guy was being arrested. Same trip almost forgot that the paramedics were their inside haling some guy out . If you want cheap steak off the strip, and you love the film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , check this place out you will feel like a scene  form the movie . If you go at night I'd go in a large group or hide your money in your shoe, Enjoy.
This review is for the lunch Steak Special in the restaurant.  I have had it 2 times now and WOW.  It is $8.00.  Serious food for the price.  The steak is not small by any means.  Service is always good and I always leave full.  Considering I can easily spend the same amount at some crappy fast food restaurant, this totally makes sense.
Excellent quaint little spot!  My girlfriend and I always stop by when we're in Vega$. It's not a large place, but they really make you feel like a local with the Vegas style and mood circa 1978. The beers are made there, and taste great! Sooo low cost. I had the Hefe beers and they were ice cold and tasty. We always spend a few hours here, playing Blackjack, slots, enjoying pizza slices, etc. Great place to visit! Note: we stayed at the Platinum Hotel which is also a great spot and within stumbling distance to Ellis Island. 5 stars to the staff as well. There was a girl selling tasty hot dogs on the slot floor for a dollar! She was fun, helpful and nice. Kudos to the mgmt here!
Can I tell you coming here was no disappointment. Not only did I get my moneys worth but dinner came with a free show. We did have to wait a while to be seated gambled with some people close to us on which table we would be seated at (we won) and ended up sitting between to drunk of their butt disoriented groups of men. Who were inevitably thrown out for their crazy behavior. A fight that started over which one of them supported the best football team of all time. Can you say major excitement?? " MAJOR EXCITEMENT" anyways about the food, we all ordered the 7.99 steak dinner and all decided to order a side salad and she told is it would be extra but in the mix and shuffle of the MAJOR EXCITEMENT she forgot to charge us. The food was delicious, I cant complain, everyone at the table cleared their whole plate and personally for me it was perfect portions. You cant go wrong with Ellis Island if you are on a budget.
This is the BEST place to get breakfast for super cheap! Steak and eggs for 4.99 yumm! The steak was perfectly cooked and big. Not nasty like Denny's. Love it! And their root beer is the bomb. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas for sure.
We enjoyed our usual breakfasts on this trip; cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs for me.  Service in the morning continues to be very good.
this is an update for ellis island. My love and I came here last wknd and ate in the cafe part instead of the BBQ/Rib place to try the steak I've heard so much about. We ordered "the steak special" another one of LV's famous local kind of "off the menu item". guess its not so off the menu when I saw it on a billboard in the hallway by the RR. It was good but not unforgettable, but great value for the price. the place was popping and every single person around me ordered "the steak special" with baked potato which was really good. no cheese or bacon but comes w/ butter and sour cream you can add @ your own discretion (unlike longhorn casino that they pile a pound of each in ur potato and it must be removed)
I want to say it also comes w/ a beer. you cant beat that deal. 
Id order it again, but only after finally trying the mr lucky special! 

TIP: dont forget the pick 6!
This review is for the steak and eggs special only.  This is an off-the-menu item.  It is five dollars for steak, eggs, potatos, and toast.  The price alone is unbeatable.  Combine this with the fact that its open super late, and it makes for some dank drunk munchies.  The service was fast and the servers were nice even though it was late into the night.  The steak was cooked how I wanted it, and while you can't expect Lawry's, for the price it is unbeatable.
4 stars people? Really?!? 

I think a lot of the time people go into a place with really low expectations and then when a place is better than they expected they think it is better than it is and rate it higher than they should. That has to be the case with the restaurant at Ellis Island. 

That's not to say the place isn't good because it is. I went there this past weekend when we were looking for a cheap steak and someone recommended this place. When we arrived we noticed that there was a big food truck festival out front. You would think with everyone eating from the trucks that the restaurant would be empty, but much to my surprise there was still a 30 minute wait for a table. 

Turned out that was good cause it gave me time to get a tetanus shot which should be required upon entering the building. After checking out the food truck festival and chatting with people at the Yelp booth I sat down at a video poker machine to gamble for a little bit until the table was ready. True story, one of the girls from the Yelp table took a break and came over to where I was playing video poker and hit on me! Awesome!! (for the record she was cute as hell, but I had other plans for that night). 

Okay, back to the review. When they finally got around to seating us and after looking at the menu we decided on the fillet special. For $7.99 you get a steak, vegetable, choice of potato, soup or salad and one of their homemade beers or root beer. 

I chose the salad, which legally qualified as salad because it had lettuce. Don't expect much from it though, it is literally lettuce, salad dressing, 2 cherry tomatoes and nothing else. It was fine, but nothing special. 

When the dinner came, I was a little disappointed in the vegetable offering. The special came with green beans, but I don't like green beans so I asked if there was another vegetable offering and the waiter offered to replace the green beans with the mixed vegetable which turned out to be more green beans with some corn and carrots mixed in. I didn't try them. My friend had the green beans and initially said they were good, but then didn't eat them, so take from that what you will. 

The baked potato was perfectly fine. It's kinda hard to mess up a baked potato and they didn't. 

The steak was a very pleasant surprise. I honestly didn't expect much from a $7.99 steak in this kind of place, but it was very good. Tender, no real gristle cooked exactly as I had ordered it. I ate every bite and was very satisfied by it. 

Having major drinking plans for later that night, we just got the root beer as our drink. I have to say, the homemade root beer was damned tasty. And I highly recommend that! 

The service was okay, but we weren't offered any dessert. 

The atmosphere was like a Coco's that hasn't been updated in 30 years and was quite loud. 

So look, is the place bad? Definitely not! 

Is it worthy of 4-stars? Absolutely not! 

Was it the best $7.99 steak I have ever had? YES! 

I can't say I would go back and I can't say that I would recommend it, but I wouldn't avoid going back and wouldn't tell anyone else to avoid it either.
Great place came down here and got the steak speical. The steak and potato were not seasoned but my wife and I only paid 17 dollars for a meal and two micro brews not bad for 7.99. We will definitely go back sometime just so we will not have to cook.
Kind of a dive but great value and decent breakfast. I had an omelette which was basic but what I expected. Next time I'll try the steak and eggs.
It's walking distance from the Bally and Westin.
Hungover and staying on the strip joint..  Otherwise, I wouldn't make a huge trip for it..
WTH?  I honestly had the lowest expectations for this place.  A rib joint in the middle of an off-strip hotel.  But you know what, for the price and the way it satisfied my hunger, Ellis Island's ribs blew me away.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the best slab of ribs I've ever had. In fact, it tastes like they actually BOIL the ribs, but once you slather on their tangy bbq sauce, your taste buds will beg for more as you tear into the tender ribs.  Too bad they don't throw the ribs on a grill and glaze some of the sauce on top of the ribs.  That would really take it up a notch.  This place would have received 4 stars if their beer was better, but can I really complain about a 2 dollar beer?  At least they made an attempt to brew it themselves.  Kudos to that.  If I'm craving for cheap ribs again in vegas, I'm comin' here.
We ordered a stout and a IPA. Both tasted the same. My woman described both as " cool ranch Doritos". I wonder too why my IPA tastes like her stout. No hop profile. I think both taste like cheap butter. But for $1.75 each pint, I'll drink Dorito crusted butter. The old hag smoking on the other side of the is missing some teeth.
By far the absolute worst "steak" I've ever had. The salad was nothing more than a (as in one) cherry tomato, iceberg lettuce and dressing, my "rare" steak came out cooked all the way through and tasted like sawdust. No amount of A-1 would help get that thing down. The green beans were soggy. The only thing that was decent was the potato, but it would take some real skills to mess up a potato. The beer (hef) was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't horrible.

Bad food is one thing, bad service makes it so much worse. I couldn't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more. She would disappear for long periods of time. Not that the restaurant was busy... There were only about 5 tables occupied. We never did get our bill.... 40  minutes after we asked her for it we just left more cash than we probably should have on the table and left.

 Please do yourself, your taste buds and your stomach a favor and eat somewhere else. If you are really looking for food on the cheap check out the dumpsters behind any of the better hotels. It'll probably taste better. Or go to. Mr. Lucky's and get the triple 6 deal. $6.66 for steak, shrimp and potato.
$1.75 draft brews...enough said.  It is off the strip and kind of divey, which is fine by me.  They offer cheap beer, cheap games and karaoke.  Who can ask for more?  If you want the glitz & glamour, go to one of the major casinos on the strip.
for the restaurant (breakfast)

one of the best chicken fried steaks (pork) I've ever had.
nothing unique but I mean it in a good way.  they don't mess around.  just really well done.  delicious gravy.
the corn beef hash is really good.

good cheap vegas prices and huge portions.

i'm hesitant to bring my kids cuz it's right next to the casino and smoky.
1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?
I dropped in on a recommendation for a place to get a quick, cheap meal.  This is what I got when I ordered the steak special, which is a 10oz steak, vegetable, and baked potato, all for under $8.   The steak was a bit overcooked and tough, and the rest was unremarkable.   
I got what I paid for, and considered giving the place 3-stars for value alone - hey . . . its an EIGHT DOLLAR steak.
I have to update the stars on this place. As you can read in my review, I was pretty drunk when I ate here. 

I went back on a sober day and it was a big mistake. I wish I would have kept that idea in my mind. The 5 star idea. I was crushed, crushed to try the food and not understand why it didn't taste like I remembered, like I remembered the last time I ate there. Why don't you taste the same? 

I understand now that it was 4am. I was drunk eating. 

If there was such a thing as food patrol, I would have received a well deserved ticket on food alteration based on the level of alcohol in my body.   This was the cause for me giving them 5 stars before. 

But..........I have an obligation to warn you. 

Pros: Open 24 hours. 

Cons: Service, food, food and food. 

Sorry Ellis. You are that friend I will not really talk to anymore. I thought you were cool. I thought wrong. :(
I had the prime rib and it was pretty good.  It was $13 and it came with a salad and a beer.  They have their own micros and they are decent as well.  I will probably stop by tomorrow and check out their BBQ.
$1.75 locally made microbrews, average pizza in the back (Metro).
I had the BBQ last trip out and it was good and cheap.

They have a really active karaoke in the evenings, seems like a ton of locals and few tourists.  

Besides the cheap good beer, this place is real, and in a city where so much is fake, that's refreshing.
Why didn't I come here when I was drunk at 4am and craving a steak and shrimp special in Vegas?!?!?!  Well, after being disappointed that all the steak specials in downtown Vegas end before midnight, I ate some shitty greasy pizza and that did not satisfy my craving for drunken steak. 

So after partying all night, I woke up still craving a steak special and headed on over to Ellis Island! Keep in mind this is slightly off the strip and a dump, so do not by any means expect the flashiness of newer Vegas. 

The $7.99 steak and beer dinner is a secret menu special, which I don't get why but whatever. I don't care much for beer and I had had enough alcohol the night before, so I got a little fancy and went for the $10 steak and shrimp special. My special came with steak, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a salad. The salad sucked!!! The Italian dressing was really oily and the salad tasted not so fresh. 

My steak and shrimp however were so good!!!! I asked for medium well, and I definitely got it. The mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and went great with the steak and shrimp. I tried the beer that came with my friend's steak specials, not so impressive, but then again I don't like beer, so don't listen to me lol. One of my friends steaks was not so great, he asked for well and I think got medium, which he was not nuts about. 

I just read there's $10 rib and chicken special!!! That's enough to bring me back!!!  Not gonna lie though, the service is kinda shitty, so I think overall Ellis Island gets 3.5 stars. I agree with all the other reviews that say you should come when you're shitfaced. You won't care as much about the bad service, and your food will probably taste way better.
4 stars, and a solid 4 stars at that.

First of all, let me tell you if you're looking for foo fancy shmancy eating this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a budget place where you can get a solid breakfast, lunch, or dinner with tasy food this place is great. They have great breakfast with a steak & eggs combination on the cheap. Also, they have a special for a beer, steak, and fries (or baked potato) that is very tasty for $8. You got that right $8. I know some places in DC where I can even buy a beer for $8. This is where the gambling gods have blessed you with cheap and tasty food all the time. They also have great Microbrews and pizza - this is a mans place.

I will say that this place is a dump and they definitely could remodel it or possibly keep it cleaner. I'll have to visit this place again and again after going there several times on my last Vegas trip :)

Definitely a great place to check out if you're in Vegas!
My friend took a taxi from the airport to Imperial Palace and the taxi driver told them that they must try Ellis Island Baby Back Ribs for only $12.99. So we unpack our stuff and hunt down this place because we were so hungry.
We finally found it but we had to wait 40 minutes. While waiting, my friend Jesse and I hit up the Blackjack. After 30 minutes or so, we both came up. I won $40 and he won $100. We left the table since we won and our table was coming up. I was hella happy when I won. FREE MEAL!!! LOL

After winning $40 bucks at Ellis Island, we sat down and ordered the Full Baby Back Ribs for $12.99 with our Players Card. The ribs came with two corn on the cob, side order of bbq baked beans, and cold slaw. All that for $12.99 and the food was freaking juicy, tasty, delicious, and mouth watering. We wanted to come back here before we head to the airport but we had no time. Next time I am reserving time for Ellis Island BBQ joint!
WAIT WAIT WAIT.......... 5 stars for food and beer only @ the BBQ restaurant next to the brewery...

OK, Ellis Island is a dump of a casino, it looks old but it has three things going for it...........BBQ baby back ribs, BBQ chicken and onsite brewed beer. They cook the ribs in the parking lot as you enter from Koval.

They brew their own (multiple beers). $1.75 for an 20 ounce glass...... And they make (non alcoholic) root beer too............... I'm hooked on the lite beer.

OK, here is my humble opinion. I can drop a $100+ bucks easily on myself for dinner at the right place 7 days a week if I wanted to. I just wanted to be clear that I'm not cheap.

Ellis Island was mentioned to me about two years ago and I finally went in June 2011. I'm not a fan of BBQ because I don't like the mess and usually the lack of meat on the rib bones. You WON'T have that problem here. For $13, you can get at least an 18 inch+ rack of baby backs, (BBQ beans, slaw, bread and corn on the cob very average). You can also get a rib/chicken combo. There is a pizza place within spitting distance that serves great pizza by the slice that you can bring to the table (our appetizer).

I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK........... And I'll get two racks of ribs next time because they were that damn good and cheap.

BEWARE, IT'S POPULAR, SMALL AND THERE WILL BE A WAIT. SO DRINK UP!!!!

FYI, It's behind Bally's to the east.
$12.99 for a FULL SLAB OF BABY BACK RIBS. 

That's all that's needed for the review - The End. 

Well, I'll elaborate more because this place rocks. Every Vegas trip should include a visit to Ellis Island Casino. First off the ribs are cheap and good, for $12.99 you'd expect microwaved pre-packaged ribs but NO, these are actually cooked on site on a BBQ (on the patio even!)

I've waited 2 hours to eat these ribs before. People  wait because it's good and filling; Corn, Bread, Beans and Ribs...the perfect meal. The beer is cheap and microbrewed...YES MICROBREWED (try the dark ale).

The best place about this place...not only is the beer severed in foam cups but the whole place is dark and smells like a wet carpet, but that's what makes this place so awesome. It is a ghetto ass place and doesn't try to mask it...it is what it is and that is an off the strip,  "old school" Casino with no bells and whistles. It really does looks as if the place hasn't been upgraded since 1972 and is owned by some dude named "Lefty"...that's the charm of the place. 

This place has all the attributes I appreciate; Ghetto, Stinky, Cheap...but oh so fulfilling - No, I'm not talking about my old girlfriends either, wait a minute...
EI is supposedly a locals spot and popular among the college crowd for the cheap beer. Well, I've lived in Vegas for 14 years and I went to UNLV for 4, and I just recently visited for the first time. It was for the Food Truck Smashup last month. While the event itself was pretty good, I wasn't impressed with EI. I thought the porter I had was decent, but the hard lemonade was disgusting.

Luckily, first impressions aren't always all that lasting. I went back with a super Yelp crew for Bobby Y's birthday. We ate at the BBQ restaurant and I am happy to report that it was pretty damn good. Some of us ordered a full rack of ribs while others got half ribs and half chicken.

Do yourself a favor. Order a full rack of ribs. There's nothing wrong with the chicken, but it pales in comparison to the ribs. I dare say that they are some of the best ribs in Vegas. OK so that's not a difficult thing to do. Outside of Top Notch BBQ, we don't have a lot of good BBQ in Vegas. Why is that?

Anyway, I'm now a fan of EI. I would most definitely return for another BBQ plate.
Ok, I will admit that I wasn't  crazy about the scenery at this place, but I had the best steak ever for $10...  Great food for cheap prices.  My only other complaint aside from the scenery is that you cant bring in the food from the rib place to the restaurant area, which got on my nerves because we had children with us who only wanted ribs, yet they were on the menu in the restaurant?     

There's two separate eating areas, one for bbq ribs and one that's just like a restaurant, which confused the hell out of me because if it's in the same casino area, why be so stingy?   Whatever, point blank the food was great and an affordable price too!
I came here for the karaoke. I was not disappointed. Some of the best karaoke singers I've ever heard.
Expect an hour wait if you come here on a Sunday during lunch-time!
Hey yall,

KK heres a recent review from my trip to Vegas. I was actually a little disappointed mainly with their service more then food. They had some specials going on the night I went so the prices were good for what we were eating. the only problem is... they messed up my order twcie. not just once, but TWICE! seriously! very disappointing. Overall food taste was ok. They had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty. parties had to wait about 15 to 20 mins before getting a table! and that confused me alot. I knocked it down to two stars for the messup on my food, and the odd seating that they had us wait for an empty restaurant.
I have only been here for late night dining...like REALLY late...2am or later. I think this is a real gem!! The price for the delicious food is amazing. I have been coming here since 1999 and I always love it. I love ordering the Italian items on the menu. The sauce is always so good...home made for sure and the meatballs are really good. I have heard they have  really good fish and chips too but I have never gotten past ordering the Italian food! I don't know if I would go here for breakfast but it is perfect for late night when you are starving!
This place is more than enough. Treated my friends here after an exhausting trip to wet republic at MGM on a sunday afternoon. We Literally ordered the boogee'st items on the menu just cause we found $300 laying around the pool area at wet republic and why not, it's vegas?

Place smells like smoke etc, but the food is more than average.
Hubby and I hiked over to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on our first night in Las Vegas...it was well worth the trip. We had a 45min wait before we could get seated so we tried our luck at their slots...I won $90 yeah me!! We both ordered the "off the menu" steak special and it tasted great!! I had a beer with my meal and it was good, my hubby tried the root-beer and said it was yummy too. 

I highly recommend this little hole in the wall place for a good affordable meal in Las Vegas...a couple blocks and a world away from the strip. We will be back on our next trip.
So, this place is definitely a hike from the south side of the Strip, but it was totally worth the trip. They make their own salad dressings, beer, and root beer among other things. The Italian dressing was really tasty. I also had the Ellis chicken with rice and corn, all of which was great! The root beer was ok. the price is the best part - incredibly reasonable! I would definitely come back here again, although perhaps next time by bus.

The casino itself smells like smoke and the decor is older, but if you're going for new and pretty and you want food of the same caliber, then you're going to pay significantly for it on the Strip. Most of the staff are really nice as well.
Me and my brother walked into this place and entered the bar to the left. Oh the Karaoke is sooooo loud! The Drinks are great. $1.75 for their own brewed beer. WHOOHOO! We weren't able to try the food because they had the kitchen closed for cleaning that night. Watching and listening to people singing their lungs out can be fun, interesting, and painful. Overall, thumbs up for the beer, thumbs down for the atmosphere.
Ended up here hungry at 2AM. Paid 3 bucks for the breakfast platter. The biscuits, gravy and sausage were great but, those eggs. Man I did NOT feel good after eating those. They were pretty tough. 

The place looks fun!
Originally I was going to give this place two stars, so consider this a 2.5 I guess. I was out showing some new friends around Las Vegas and taking them to the more out of the way places tourist typically do not see. I thought Ellis Island would be the kicker for the night, because all four of the boys (Marines, btw) really wanted to do karaoke.

We arrived there a little after 11 PM and went to the karaoke bar and the place was pretty crowded. It looked like your Ellis Island crowd. I have been to Ellis Island before, just not to the karaoke part. Well we all got in no problem and grabbed some beers at the bar. Okay, they have incredibly cheap drinks. $1.75 for a beer. Crazy cheap. We all ordered a round of their in house light beer. Yes, they do brew their own beer, pretty cool. The boys went and selected their songs and my friend (who is a local) and I hung out to stalk a table.

Eventually a group left and we got a pretty sweet table in the back with a good view of the stage. Everything was going pretty cool - except for the fact the place was stifling hot! I don't know if they're trying to save money by not cranking up the AC, but when there are that many people in an old bar, you better get some AC running!! It did cool down, but being in a hot bar is just gross.

As we waited for the boys' names to be called we had another round and this time tried the Hefeweizen beer. Whoa. It tasted like orange juice, just straight up OJ with a splash of beer. I didn't really like it, neither did anyone else.

Finally the boys names came up and they went to sing. The first one went and then we waited. And then the next boy got called. Well, they were planning on singing a duet song (Brooks & Dunn I think) and the lady running the karaoke wouldn't let them! She said they couldn't because the first guy had just gone up to sing. It was a shame. Plus right after that they let another girl go up who had just been up on the stage about 20 minutes earlier. Just seemed eff'd up to me and we were all kind of pissed about it.

So, we left on a sour note. We didn't feel like waiting around through another 10 singers just for the boys to get another chance to sing.

It was pretty obvious they were letting people who are regulars there go up on the stage multiple times, but first timers not so much. I get it, it's a local place and a local event and that's who they're catering to - but they made ME feel bad because my friends got skunked out of doing karaoke! 

This night just left a bad taste in my mouth (with the bad Hefenweizen and the situation).
Smokey Casino, Good Prices , What i had was so-so: 
10 oz. Top Sirloin (Good) 
Baked Potato (Old) 
Green Beans (Not fresh and under cooked).  
Good beer Though (Cold).. 

I don't feel cheated for $10 bux but i won't go there for a while.. ;)
Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!

My hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke.
Holy crap... just went again and realized beers were $1.75. Is it possible to rate a place 6 stars?
The best steak dinner in Vegas for $8! And it came with a big glass of tasty dark lager too!! We visited on Fri June 17 at 7pm and barely waited 20 minutes for a table. This deal is not on the menu, just ask for it. Our server was excellent, steak cooked just right and tasty. Your meal comes with salad, steak, baked potato, green beans and that tasty beer. This will be one of our regular stops when we visit.
$4.99 steak and eggs!!!! Yum yum yum! They give you a huge steak cooked almost to how you like it and though its not the most tender, what do you expect for $4.99? Their eggs are pretty well cooked and they give you two slices of bread cut in half already pre-buttered and with a bowl little packets of strawberry or grape jelly.

We also ordered a side salad and a bowl of their clam chowder. Damn, there were a lot more clams and much more flavor in their chowder than in lets say... San Franciscos chowder!!! What the heck?? I can't believe I preferred theirs instead of the home of chowder, SF! Even my friend agreed theirs was better. Lots of clams in each spoonful :). The salad was a typical iceberg salad with tomatoes, onions and dressing on the side. Good way to "be healthy".

Don't expect much for $4.99 but seriously, it's worth way more! :)
The person who seated us was as charming and cheerful as a jail keeper. We ordered 2 Caesar salads (one chicken one beef), 2 glasses of wine (one white one red) and a spaghetti meatballs for the kids. 

The only thing positive to mention is that the salad was fresh and clean... The meat (both kinds) was probably cooked at least hours (if not days) earlier and therefore as dry and hard as cardboard. The dressing is more mayonnaise than anything else close to Caesar's dressing. The meatballs were not that great either but the pasta was OK. The waitress was nice and was helpful. It is cheap in all the meanings of the word.

I looked at the yelp recommendations to choose this place and that was a real disappointment. There must be other places with a better value in Las Vegas. Avoid it if you can.
Off the beaten path.. but a good place for cheap eats is right!  Nice menu selection and totally affordable... my friends and I (total of 4 of us) ate for like $30 total.  Can't beat that!

I had the breakfast skillet with eggs, bacon, sausage and potatoes with a cup of coffee and it was good.  Not bad at all!
STILL THE UNDEATED HEAVY WEIGHT CHAMP OF FOOD/ VALUE IN VEGAS.

Beer Still $1.75
Ribs Still cheap with players cards
Wait still sucks, but hell 2 outta 3 aint bad.

As always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or overall Value...... Always trust a FAT MAN!  :)

Cheers!

Pat Walters
Anaheim, CA
If you're looking for a good place to hang out that's not too far from the strip this place is for you. cheap drinks, good food and a lot of karaokeing. They have some very good bbq ribs,some of the best in Vegas, half hour to at least 1 hour wait on most nights. 20 oz microbrewed beer for under $2. Pizza steak and eggs prime rib. The parking garage is small and gets full but there lots of parking around the motel or surrounding casinos just longer walk over.
I love this place.  It's not the most extravagant place in Vegas, nor the friendliest, but I always have the most fun here whenever I come to town.  It doesn't hurt that I always seem to win here too!
Cheap good food
Now my review is under different circumstances from others. I  came here with a party of 7 and we were in a RUSH for the Burlesque show at the Flamingo. For example, we decided what to order while we waited for our seats and asked for the check immediately after the last plate landed on  the table. This was a speedy meal. 

I ordered the Steak and Shrimp and it was pretty damn good especially considering the price, which is $12.99 I believe? It came with soup or salad. The ambiance of the place is decent, Ive seen better decor in other restaurants. I came on a Monday and there was only 3 servers. The table next to us dine and ditch and that little fiasco slowed down the service for us.

All in all, I would love to come back and enjoy a normal meal.

You should give it a shot!
I am giving up five stars on this bad boy. This is almost always the first or last place we hit when we visit Las Vegas. This review will serve the Restaurant only. BBQ and Pizza are for another review. The best deal in town for a beer and a great meal. Hands Down. I have had several items here including the steak special, chicken parm, prime rib, and a fried chicken special. All were delicious. Some of these mentioned dishes I've had multiple times and will continue to do so.  It is a smokey locals type of casino. They pretty much always make you wait even if they have many empty tables. It could be to fill up "other tables" in their building for a little while before you eat. It never seems to be as long a wait as the hostess says anyhow. I always look forward to a great meal before lots of drinking in Vegas and a recharge before we drive home. My girlfriend also loves the Cobb Salad. The beer is great. I've had all of them and the root beer. The stek special includes a beer and they are $1.75 for a 22 oz.er. Take a short cab here from your strip hotel. Eat a great meal. Spend very little money and then walk back to your hotel passing the corner where Tupac was shot on the way home. Koval and Flamingo.
This review applies only to the cafe inside Ellis Island and only for the $8 steak dinner. 

Here's the deal - if you want a steak dinner with baked potato or fries, salad, a side veg and a beer for 8 bucks, this is the only place in town.   The kids order the root beer - which is brewed on site, and hubby and I enjoy a micro brew. 

We've had this meal four or five times since we found out about it, and everything has always been perfectly cooked.  The steak is right on, the green beans crunchy, the salad cold and crisp, the baked potato piping hot and just done.  The food is fresh, and not over salted.  Simple, but it hits the spot.  The portions are generous, and we always end up with leftovers.

Yes, you have to walk through a noisy, smoky casino.  Yes, the wait will be at least 20 minutes.  Yes, occasionally the server's demeanor can be a tad abrupt - but at least they are fast - that's what happens when people pack into a restaurant for an 8 dollar steak.   Don't expect the server to have time for small talk.  We try to be organized so the server doesn't have to make special trips to our table.  We think about how much the same meal would cost us at another microbrewery and try to keep that in mind while tipping.  Why should the server be penalized because the steak is such a good deal?

If you are delicate about things like cig smoke,crowds and waiting, it might not be worthwhile to you, but it is to me!
The locals roll here for late nights eats. Steak and Eggs for $4.99. The best value. If you have another spot please share. This is a nice cut of meat and cook perfectly.  

I went the first night and ordered the S & E special finished it and ordered another one. Then went back the next morning. Tasty. I recommend.
This place is off the strip, it was about a mile walk from our hotel, but that's okay because it was totally worth it! I want to thank Yelp for finding this gem for us! I was looking for a brewery in Vegas and found Ellis Island. 

I did not go into the caf, instead my wife and I went directly to the bar where we proceeded to order $1.75 craft beers. That's a damn good price for anywhere, especially Vegas.  Their beers were good, I wouldn't say great, but definitely better than your standard mass produced you find everywhere around Vegas. The bigger plus is that when you are in the casino area and gambling, these are the beers you are comped! So yea, it's not as glitzy as the bigger casino's on the strip, but you get better beer! 

We also had an order of the Bacon Cheddar Sliders. WOW. These were fantastic. They were juicy, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. If you like dry burgers or food that isn't messy, these are not for you. The juices (not grease) dripped off them when we were eating them, so you had to be careful not to get it on your clothes. Other than that, they where fantastic! We gobbled these up and if we had still been hungry, probably would have ordered another round. 

If you like beer, or if you are on a budget or if you just want to step off the strip. I'd highly recommend hitting Ellis Island.
When we were waiting for our car to be brought around, one of those timeshare salesmen came up to us and asked us if we had time for a presentation later that afternoon.  Thankfully, we did not and he asked where we were headed.  We said that we had wanted to grab some breakfast before our family activities and he said, "Forget the buffets, go down the street to Ellis Island!  I swear it's a local favorite and the only place I take my visiting friends and relatives for breakfast." 

So we decided to take this stranger's advice and headed a bit off the Strip to what seemed to be a very depressing, realistic and non-glitzy part of Vegas.  But we braved the smokey filled casino and headed towards the restaurant in the back.  Needless to say, we were pleasantly surprised at the level of friendly service and delicious food.  Steak and eggs for $5?  Surely you jest.  But the steak was made to order, the eggs were tasty... actually, everything was tasty.  We could overhear people in other booths around us saying how this was the only place they ate breakfast whenever they were visiting, or how some were actually locals.  

So thanks, George, for recommending this place.  We'll hit it up again the next time we're through your part of the world.
WOW!!  

Hubby's friend recommended us the Ellis Island cafe.  Since we don't feel like buffet, we gave it a try.  We were told there might be a wait of at least half an hour but we got lucky and got seated right when we got there.

Weren't expecting much judging by the look of the place but boy were we surprised!  Ordered the $8 steak, $12 prime rib and the fish & chips for the little one.  Both the steak and prime rib dinner came with 2 sides, bread, salad & a root beer.  The meat came out perfectly just the way we wanted.  The portion of the fish & chips is huge and it's really really good.  Our waitress was friendly, helpful and service was great!

We'll definitely recommend it to anyone who's in the area.  It's a gem!
This place is amazing! The $8.99 half a rack of Ribs are the best not only in Vegas but anywhere else I've been from California to Kansas City! A for sure knockout "undercover" spot next time you visit Vegas!
Fantastic.  Just fantastic.

I came here during dinnertime specifically for the BBQ.  I was told there was a wait time for indoor seating, but I could sit at the outside tables for immediate service.  The decision seemed rather obvious.  It was moderately hot out, but not so bad in the shade.  I placed my order and within 5 minutes was served.  I got the full rack of ribs (after reading all the reviews that recommended it), and I'm glad I did.  It was delicioso, and tasted even better with the BBQ sauce.  All for only $15.

This place's only fatal flaw?

The lack of sides.  No baked potato, no french fries, no mashed potatoes.  I've never had BBQ without some sort of spud before.  The plate is served with cole slaw, chili, corn on the cob and bread and butter, though.  But with no option for french fries, I left feeling oddly...unfinished.  (Granted, it took me into half the ribs to realize the lack of it!)

Great ribs.  Great value.  Not so great choice of sides.

But it comes highly recommended from this dude.
It was good, but didn't live up to the hype.  I can see how this place would be insanely awesome if you were drunk, but sober ehh, it's OK.  

First, you have to walk through potentially the worst smelling (smoke) casino in all of Vegas to get to the cafe, which is non-smoking, so that's a plus.  The decor is nothing special, kind of reminds you of something you'd see in a movie set from the 70's.

The food is average, nothing special.  I had the prime rib dinner, it came with a baked potato, green beans a salad and a rootbeer (if you're over 21 the rootbeer can be substituted with one of their house crafted beers).  It was $12.99.  The price is great, but can easily be beat at 777 Brewery at Main Street Station and the food and ambience is better.  My friend had the chicken dinner and it was dry and over cooked.

Potentially the breakfast food is better, I don't know. But I'd say you can find much better, in the same price range elsewhere, ie 777 Brewery, which is also 24/7.
Best cheap eats around! Love the $6.99 steak dinner with potato, salad and fresh vegetable. Add in a beer or root beer and you can't beat it. Consistent, clean, friendly and quick! You can even use points! The bbq joint is also excellent, if you don't mind no frills... q served on paper plates with plastic utensils. Always a wait, but again, the quality for the cost is what is the draw. A fun place!
came here with a group of friends after a long night of partying, around 3:30am, had an amazing steak breakfast for $4.99.  We did not waste anymore money on buffets after this.  Period. I was with a large group of 8 ppl and no one had even a crumb left on their plate.
Value rules at this casino and especially its restaurant. I ate here 3 times on a my latest visit to Las Vegas and all 3 meals were excellent. I had the $7.99 sirloin steak special, the $4.99 steak and eggs breakfast special and lastly the $12.99 prime rib dinner. The dinners come with your choice of draft beer selections from the in-house brewery or a root beer. They also include a salad, tasty sourdough rolls & butter, baked potato and a vegetable. For the vegetable they served French green beans (haricots verts) which had been sauteed with garlic, butter and lemon and herbs, I think. They were hands down the best I have ever eaten. This is a busy place and one time I had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. But you can gamble in the casino while you wait and the announce your name when your table is ready. Service is good and I found absolutely nothing to complain about at Ellis Island.

There is also a separate BBQ restaurant and a Metro Pizza ere, neither of which I have tried.
This place is great - it has great food for very reasonable prices.

The best deals - $4.99 steak and eggs and the $7.99 steak combo (off the menu - you have to ask for it).

The problem is that the $7.99 deal used to be $5.99 and also you have to wait in line a lot (they don't take reservations).
After many years of traveling to Las Vegas, I finally made it to Ellis Island last month. It's not far from the strip at all. My wife and I decided to stop in for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I had the stout and she had the root beer. The stout was ok, it seemed to lack a little depth of flavor but her root beer was tasty. (Incidental, her root beer cost a dollar more than my stout, weird.) We played video poker at the bar and made a few bucks, so they ended up paying for our drinks plus a little. Overall, not a bad place. I do want to go back and try the BBQ there. 

Will I be back. Yes, at some point I will... I just won't be in a rush to get there.
I came here last year and that's all it took to get 5 stars! 

The best steak I have ever had in my lifetime and I've had eaten many all over the place, also was the cheapest in price! I don't know how this was only a 4/5? This place not only had the best steak but the best price for it plus 2 large sides that I couldnt even finish due to the LARGE STEAK for $10. Also had the best ROOT BEER in the world! It tasted like Dr. Pepper to me, but damn the best Root Beer/Dr Pepper ever. Made fresh as well. 

If you want to come and save some $$$ with GREAT FOOD come to Ellis Island everyday on your visit and you wont be disappointed one bit and your poop will be larger than life! lol! I know when I turn 21 the first place Im going to is ELLIS ISLAND..with that being the last place as well!
I do not understand how people rave about this beer?!? This beer is the typical "wannabe breweries" here in the US. The beers are very weak and lack any serious flavor and depth which comes from cheap ingredients and shoddy brewing.

They do have some good deals on food..I will give them that.

"side note" 
As being on the receiving end of alot of the victims in my ER....do not park in their garage..especially at night. Alot of muggings and such.
Top sirloin for $7?  With a microbrew beer, mashed potatoes, and green beans?  That's a damn good deal.

Granted, the beer isn't great, but it is decent.  The green beans aren't the best made, but definitely suffice.  The mashed potatoes aren't spectacular, but they're definitely tasty.  But the steak is well made, juicy, and totally worth it.  Even if it was $10, I'd buy all that.  Next time I hit Vegas and I haven't won a jackpot, I'm going here!
The ribs were GOOD!

The service wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The menu is simple and I liked that. The house beer was actually pretty tasty for 1.75.
The sides were pretty nasty the baked beans and Cole slaw Yuck.

And right when I was seated I got bbq sauce on my shirt, which means the table wasn't clean.

Overall I say: Try it. You'll like it.
Heard from a friend that this place had great steaks so I had to try it out... It was ok considering you had to wait an hour and a half.  There are other areas serving comparable meals within the same price range for less of a wait.
This review applies only to the cafe', I did not experience anything else there.

I ordered the 10oz. top sirloin special. It comes with a nice serving of green beans, a choice of potato, dinner roll, a few packs of saltine crackers, and choice of soup or salad, and 20 oz of "Beer", if you are not into alcohol, then they have Root Beer.

They advertised that it came with a broccoli spear, but my plate was missing it.

I ordered the steak to be "Medium-Well", it came out barely cooked enough to be called rare. I sent it back, and it came back medium. I think their roaster is too hot, because there was a nice and good char on the outside, but the heat doesn't get to the center.

The potato was also quite a bit hard, which is an indication of under-doneness.

This is a very good value.

The server was nice and friendly.
Food is really good. Their country fried steak is really good especially the mash potatoe
Dive casino and basic cafe.  But the price is great, $8 for a steak and sides, including beer or root beer, great deal.  Waiter was nice, food was good.  Mind you, this is basic chow, not a fancy cut of meat, I think it was top sirloin, but it was good and cooked correctly.
About seven dollars for a steak and a beer? Count me in. Steak wasn't the best I've ever had, but for a price like that, I can deal with it. Especially since you also get soup/salad, a dinner roll, and a potato (cooked in any of the usual ways: fried, mashed, baked). 

For you non alcoholic drinkers, their root beer is amazing. As for their beer, it may not be the best beer ever, but it's pretty good - especially since it's so cheap. 

One of the things I like most about this place, is you won't find very many tourists. Hell, if I were a tourist and saw the place - I probably wouldn't want to go in considering how all of the other casinos look. So, this is a great local spot to go to. Especially if you're broke. 

I go there mostly to drink, mainly because I've had some bad experiences in the cafe. I muster enough courage to go back in every now and then, but for the most part - it's all about the gambling and drinking for me.
This review is for Metro Pizza and the Chicken and RIbs BBQ Restaurant within the casino.

UGHHH!! I don't know where to begin!! Metro pizza?!?! That cutie behind the counter tossing the dough in the air? Yes, he caught my eye. LMAO! He may have been the reason I bought a whole pie right after I just ate some ribs and chicken from the dining area next door. lol JK! He wasn't the reason, although he was easy on the eyes.  
Okay in all seriousness, (hehe) Metro pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life... Real talk. Thin crust, melt-y velvety cheese, crispy pepperoni and mushrooms that were just mushrooms. haha. There is something about their sauce that just had a BITE to it. Nothing like I've ever tasted before.. very yummayyy!  I loved how they sprinkled pepper on top the pizza too.. totally complements the crispy crust. They don't skimp you on the toppings nor do they overload it.. Whatever they are doing to their pizza they are doin' ittt rightttt..  these guys knowww pizza. 

The BBQ restaurant is separated from the main cafe.  Honestly, my sis and I were too hungry to wait 45 mins. for a table there so we got a table at the cafe.. After finding out we couldn't get ribs at the cafe we got up and decided to just wait it out.  It was worthhhh the 45 min. wait.  They only have 2 items on the menu.  Chicken and Ribs.  We all got combos.  It came with 2 pieces of garlic bread, side of beans, cole slaw and corn on the cob. I don't remember the prices, I'm thinking it was about $16.99.  That's like a super deal.  They give you half a freak'n chicken and half a slab of ribs.. I was a bit hesitant about getting the chicken because most of the time, BBQ chicken is dry and a chewie.. But did this place prove me wrong.  My bf never eats chicken breast but he loved it.  It was so moist and juicy. Amazing.  Ribs pulled off the bone easily.  Sauce was perfect to my tasting.  Not too heavy and thick..  If your a fan of rootbeer, try it here.  They brew their own beer and rootbeer. :)
I can't say much about the service.  There were only 2 men working the rest.  Seating people, taking orders and serving food.  They checked on all their tables when they had a free hand.  Very friendly guys!!

I'd hate to let the secret out.. it would be a shame if this place were to be flooded by tourist and such, I'm sure Mr. Elvis wouldn't appreciate it. haha.(If you've been there, you know exactly who I'm talking about. Sweet man.)  Will I be back?!?! MOS. DEF.. OVER & OVER & OVER AGAIN.
The summary: cheap steak, long wait.

Get the steak dinner special for $7. Not on the regular menu but always available to order. Your steak is cooked to order with vegetables and a side to choose from including baked potatoes or mash potatoes. It also comes with a soup/salad, a dinner roll, and your choice of an in-house brew with a selection of beers or root beer. 

During busy times, the wait can be an hour or more.
4 stars for the ribs. So good and cheap. If only the sides were better. Beans were ok. Corn was mushy and bland. Cole slaw was bland and warm. But with so much meat and such a great price, the sides did not matter this time.
THE BEST STEAK AND EGGS IN VEGAS!! only 4.99!! we didnt have to wait to be seated, the server was nice, the food came out quick, hot, and perfectly cooked! the steak was tender and juicy! everything was SO good.
Good Old Timer

I used to love this place when I was in college and I still like it for the value it provides.  Sometimes you just need a decent meal and drink at reasonable prices.  The restaurant serves up a filling steak special, as well as a generous ham steak.  Add a soft drink or coffee and you still come out under $10.  Sure, the Wynn it ain't, but that is nonetheless a hard bargain to beat when your tummy needs food.

Even the drinks are cheap (as nearly every Yelp review mentions).  $4.50 for top shelf cocktails!  Unfortunately, as the years have passed, the drinks get more and more watered down, and I have reached my breaking point.  My buddies and I had a few rounds and EVERY single drink tasted like flavored water.  I sweat I couldn't taste the alcohol in anything we were served.  I probably should have stuck with plain soda, in retrospect.  Oh well, live and learn.  

Despite the drinks, however, the old Ellis Island will remain on the map because of the good times and deals it provides to the young and old.
the BEST 3am $4.99 STEAK AND EGGS you can find in vegas!!!... yeah its a little off the strip, but its pretty darn close & it'll be LOADS better than the other drunken steak and eggs out there!

for around 5 bucks you get a huge steak, eggs, & toast.. i was seriously NOMMING on THE happiest drunkie meal of my life!!

yeah its no ritzy vegas hotel.. BUT you will not be dissappointed!!.... ALTHOUGH i must say that finding a cab back from ellis island to the strip was a little difficult at this hour!
I am only rating the restaurant/bar section of this casino. Did not have time to do any gambling, but stopped by to catch karaoke. It is located off the strip (Koval Ln runs parallel to Las Vegas blvd) so a little hidden. It is definitely and old dive, which I like. The place is super small so get there early if you want good seats/table.  There are screens everywhere so you can always catch the words of the songs being "performed." Went on  a Friday and the DJ seemed pretty blah, no excitement for performers like I am used to. But the performers added much excitement on their own! Seems like there were tons of regulars/locals so it had a nice friendly feel to it. 
The biggest pro- this place is super cheap. Great drinks for low price and little munchies late night. 
The biggest con... only con really: Smoke! It is so small and it seems like there is absolutely no ventilation. Most places in Vegas are smoking, but as long as no one is blowing directly in your face, you hardly ever notice. As a smoker, my eyes were burning after being there only about an hour.  So, if you are a heavy smoker, this place will do just fine.
Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib.
If you want to smell like cig smoke, hangout here.

If you want to sing karaoke, go here.

Good place for people watching as well; many mutants abound.

If you want quality cheap drinks, go to the Stage Door.
$8 for steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad and beer? DAYMMMNNN.

So, we got here at about 4am after a long night with people throwing up and losing one person, only to find her 2 hours later with a guy...but that's another story for another yelp review...maybe.

Is the food that good? No, but for its price, it's a pretty good deal.

I personally don't like beer, so I ordered something else. I really wish they would have just let me order something and replace the beer. Ah, oh well. All of our steaks were very UNDERDONE. I ordered mine Medium, and at best..it was medium rare. I swear that it was still mooing just a little bit when it was on my plate. But at 4am, when the munchies call, it's a great place to get some food without spending a whole lotta money.
During my last night in Vegas, a friend of mine recommended we go to Ellis Island for their secret steak special. It was 4:30 a.m. and we were all living off of 3 hours of sleep the night before + a good amount of drinks, 
but that didn't stop any of us. 

The steak special goes like this: you get a good sized steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad, and a beer for $8. AWESOME deal, but if only the quality was as good as the price. Can't have the bet of both worlds right?

I had a soup, which was Cream of Mushroom at the time. A bit watered down and lacked salt, but not too bad. The steak is where they just went downhill, but I really wasn't expecting anything better from such a place. It lacked any marination, was all burnt on the outside, and was just overall bland and charred. The mashed potatoes were great, though.

Also, they may claim to be the best brewery in Vegas, but I highly dispute that. Their dark beer was heavily watered down, was way too bitter for such a beer, and just didn't go with the meal at all.

In conclusion, get their mashed potatoes. Everything else sucks.
I'm torn with how many stars I should give this place.  The karaoke bar is a 0 out of 5, the rest of the casino and the restaurant are 5 out of 5. 

We've been going to this place for years, namely for the $1 pints (I think they're $1.50 now, which is still super cheap).  They brew their own beer.  The Amber is my favorite...the light beer is not all that great.  Tons of gaming machines and a blackjack table.  Cocktail servers are usually pretty quick.  Also, they have a restaurant and a Metro Pizza in the casino.  Both are awesome.  The restaurant always has cheap specials, and the food is good considering the price range.  Metro Pizza always has slices ready to go, perfect after a ton of beer.  

Now, on to the karaoke bar.  I've been to A LOT of karaoke shows in Vegas, and this is by far THE WORST.  Somehow it gets voted "best of las vegas" by the RJ every year.  They are the only place I know of that has karaoke every night of the week, and I think that's their big selling point.  The sound quality is absolutely ridiculous.  The KJ never touches anything to adjust volumes or mic settings (by the looks of it, they don't even have the equipment to do so).  This ends up in not being able to hear some people, while the really loud ones (especially drunk screaming girls) are just so overpowering that it's annoying.  They have probably the smallest karaoke song selection I've ever seen.  There's no instrumentals or bumper music in between the singers, so it goes from super loud shitty quality sound to dead silence while waiting for the next singer to get up.  I was there 3 hours and sang 2 songs.  By the way, tipping the KJ does nothing at all.  No matter the offer, she won't bump you up in rotation even a few spots, or stay past the end time whatsoever.  "November Rain" by GNR somehow got cut from 8 1/2 minutes to 4 1/2.  Then during "Sad But True" by Metallica, I replaced one of othe lyrics with the f-bomb, and you would have thought I was a terrorist or something.  Security came up to me and said "sir, did you see that lyric on the screen? No, then you need to leave".  So, good luck if you want to sing songs like Cee-Lo's F-you, Tenacious D's F-Her Gently, Lonely Island's I'm On a Boat, or any of the adult parodies like Summer Nights or With Legs Wide Open.  I would understand if it were a family environment, but you have to be 21 to even get in the karaoke bar.  And it's shut off from the rest of the casino in such a way that you can only hear the karaoke from inside the karaoke bar area. 

I'd much rather take my business to one of the PT's Pubs karaoke nights, where the hosts are upbeat and they actually enjoy being there.  Also, the sound equipment is professional with a full mixer board for the music & mics.  And the song selection is literally 10X what Ellis Island has.  Sahara/Decatur on Saturdays is one of my favorites.  In short, go to Ellis Island if you want cheap drinks , gambling, and good food, but STAY AWAY if you're looking for karaoke!!
I'm only rating the BBQ Brewery/Restaurant of the Casino.  I'm not a big meat eater but I will always come here for their ribs when I'm in Vegas.  You can't beat their price for the amount of food you get!  AND IT'S DELICIOUS?  It's like heaven in your mouth, I tell you.  

There are only 4 items on the menu:
- 1/2 BBQ chicken
-1/2 rack of ribs
- full rack of ribs
- combo (half rack of ribs and half BBQ chicken)
Prices range from $12-$14 (I think)
Their beers on tap is only $2!


Every order comes with BBQ beans, cole slaw, buttered corn, and garlic toast.  There usually is a long wait unless you get their early enough (I think they open at 4) but the wait is definitely worth it!  We waited 45 minutes for the 6 of us and NONE of us regret doing so. 

If youre in Vegas, you need to get your butt off the strip and come here for some ribs!
There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain.
ooooo... 
im a 5star whore just giving 5s out like nothing... 
no! but it really is that good!

well let me see... 
i was here one weekend. friday sat sunday.... And to have steak and eggs a total of 6x during our stay would probably mean steak and eggs overload. BUT ITS JUST THAT GOOD.

ahhhhh... 
it was my first time having over easy eggs... but with that buttery toast it just all melts in your mouth. 
FORGET THE BUFFETS
FORGET THE FINE DINING
FORGET THE MAJOR HOTELS 
FORGET THE CHAIN FOOD STORES

REMEMBER ELLIS ISLAND CASINO AND BREWERY

it doesnt matter what time you come its worth it. Cheap and good food. WILL RETURN EVERYTIME IM IN VEGAS
Inexpensive local favorite is a common description of Ellis Island. If I didn't take the time to reflect upon all of the factors leading up to my not so great night it would probably be a 2 star rating. 

The positive points of the night were that everything was dirt cheap and delicious. There is no need for a happy hour here because a pint of beer will cost you $2. Mixed drinks ran from $2-$3.50. The mile high nachos ($8) were more than enough for three people. Scoops of chili, a pile of beans, sporadic sprinklings of jalapenos and scallions makes for a filling appetizer. 

Slight misunderstanding about chicken fried chicken and fried chicken occurred which started souring the night. Our server was getting frustrated with our large party and was not trying to hide it. Due to the dispute, slight arguments were springing up. After reading Nelson Q.'s review, I stuck to my request for fried chicken. It came out crisp and the batter was not too thick. I hate cake like batter and this was thin and flaky. I asked for the honey, but realized that maple syrup was what I should have got. :( This is not the best place for large parties especially if cash is not in hand. Trying to get separate bills becomes exasperating. 

The venue is festive and lively. The food is a deal. The beverages are priced for the working person. It is hard not to sympathize with the waitress, but I can only be so forgiving.
The casino review is below..... 

Review for the restaurant - 
$7.99: 10-ounce steak. Includes salad or soup, potato, bread, green beans and a beer 

Our server was MIA most of the time. Took well over 40 minutes for our dinner to come out. Some of the tables that were seated well after us were either eating, or getting their checks before we saw our dinner. 

Steak - Both of us ordered Medium Rare. J's was almost blue. Seared but still very pink in the center. But it was warm to the touch, so he decided to not send it back. Now this I cant understand. You almost under-cook a steak, but its still tough!? How do you accomplish that feat?! My steak on the other hand was more on the well done side than medium rare. Terrible. I took maybe 2 bites. I'm sure boot leather would have tasted better. J ate maybe 1/4 of his steak. He's a huge steak fan, so that's gotta show you that something is wrong. 

Salad (mine) - You can't really screw up a salad. 
Soup (J's) - He said it was "alright". 

Baked Potato - This was the best part of the whole meal. 

Green Beans - This was a tie for the best part of the meal. Lots of garlic, which J and I love. 

Bread - Love sourdough, but this was almost inedible. 

Beer - J ordered an Amber. Since I do not drink, I asked if I could have a diet soda. No Dice. So I ordered a beer and gave it to J. And just stuck with water. 

He said just for the beer's alone, it was almost worth $7.99 a piece. If we could have had a Mr. Lucky's steak with Ellis Island's Baked Potato and Green Beans, we would have been happy campers. 

Will we return to Ellis Island for eats? Maybe, but probably not to the restaurant. We might try the BBQ or Pizza joint next time. 

Now for the casino review - 

Very friendly and helpful dealers. I mentioned to J that if he wanted to learn to play craps, now was his chance. When there were other players, there were maybe 1-2 tops. The craps dealers were all very helpful on teaching him the ropes. With $80, J played easily for 2 hours. Left being down only $30. Not too shabby!!
Taxi cab driver and pool trainer @ Hotel strongly recommended Ellis restaurant for breakfast.

Tried the 4.99 steak and eggs. Incredible! You get two eggs, home style potatoes, toast, and a big steak. All of the above? Yummy

Now that I have found this hidden gem, it will have to be a regular stop for breakfast every time I am in town.

You could go else where...but why would you want to pay double? Service is good and ambiance was nice.
This review is for the casino and the restaurant.  If you're not interested in the false pretenses all the other strip casinos subscribe to run here.  My wife and I enjoyed the steak special (off menu 12oz sirloin for $7.99), great value!  We played roulette and blackjack before and after and enjoyed ourselves; low minimums, and a good environment to gamble in if you don't need overpriced chandeliers and dancing waters.
This will be included in my must visit list for future Vegas trips.
Three local hangout with delicious food and awesome pricing. The main restaurant inside the casino has the best steak dinner deal. The beef taste like prime for the price of choice (soup or salad, steak, baked potato and string bean for $7.99).

Another great deal is at the BBQ restaurant - one full slab of pork rib, baked bean, cole slaw and texas toast for $12.99. How can you beat this!

The last restaurant within this casino is the Pizza joint......LOVE their Thursday BOGO, either slice or whole.  The pizza is east coast style (thin and chewy). It bring me back to my childhood in Boston
Followed the rest of the group here around 4 am after a night of clubbing. The restaurant had plenty of people for such a wee hour in the night/morning so the food should be OK. Maybe it was for other items, but our group was there for the cheap $4.99 steak and eggs deal. 

I don't know why they even ask how you want your steak done when ordering. When the steaks came out they were all well done or should I say terribly done. =(

The eggs and home style potatoes were OK, and what saved the meal from being completely inedible. When I eat steak I usually don't have to put any sauce on it, the natural beefy flavor and whatever marinade/rub the steak had is enough. Never understood the love for A1 steak sauce till now.... that dried out and cardboard textured z-grade steak meat was improved 100 fold by the tangy A1 sauce and actually could be eaten. But hey if your eating low grade meat it's better that it's cooked well done for safety's sake. 

I'm glad I didn't finish the meal because who knows what would have happened. I woke the next morning with the most uncomfortable feeling ever that lasted the entire day, it was explained that I had a bad case of indigestion. I don't ever remember feeling this way, but I was physically ill.  =(
No menus, just BBQ chicken or ribs....and that's enough! Great food! I fed a party of 7 with drinks for $112. We had to wait an hour for a table, but it was worth every minute!!
Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast for only $3.99?! Wow, that's a deal! I had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side.

One of the downside...my hubby ordered Greek Omelette but asked for Egg Beaters...they don't have it, they only have egg whites.  Why don't have it? Apparently they don't stock those, ONLY egg whites.
First, the whole place was smoky, and there is a waiting list to get into the restaurant, which leaves you in the smokier casino section or lounge. 

The food was very reasonably priced and well prepared. I had the wild Alaskan salmon which I was happy to see on the menu (most restaurants use cheaper and less healthful farmed Atlantic salmon), I wanted it to be left a tiny bit rare in the center, which they almost accomplished, that's ok though it was good, and salmon can be difficult to get perfect. My wife had a burger, requested it as rare as they would make it, and they accomodated by bringing her a rare burger. This surprised me. I don't do rare ground meats unless I am certain about the source, but that is my wife's preference, she said it was good, but a bit bland. I think I have spoiled her by feeding her only grass-fed beef or game meat burgers at home.

As for the house brews, I tried the amber (or 3 or 4) as that sounded like the most flavorful offering available at the time. It was a good amber with a hint of hoppiness, I would have loved to have had something with more hops but was satisfied, especially at the super low price for a decent pint of beer. I think it was $2 or less. My wife tried the homemade Root Beer, and said it was great. I had a taste and it tasted like a pretty good sweet root beer.

By the time we finished dinner the karaoke lounge was packed, we sat in the smoke and looke at the songbooks for a little while. I love a good karaoke spot, this place has good music choices, but unless you already smoke like 2 packs a day, the thick smoke in the air is going to kill your throat before you get a chance to sing. The regular older elvis guy was kinda funny. The other thing I would change if the ventalation could be addressed, is the sound system volume. It seems it was tuned up for those already hearing impaired or looking to become such, my ears were ringing after about 20 minutes. Perhaps if we got there earlier we could have found a spot near the air inlet and a little farther away from the speakers and got a song or two in before we left. Will try again next trip.
We ate here for breakfast and dinner because the prices were very affordable. A friend gave rave reviews about this spot and she didnt lie. For breakfast I had the steak and eggs for $6 and it was surprisingly tasty. For dinner on a different night, we ordered the ribs which were amazing.  The rib dinner specials come with two small slices of bread, a small side order of cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cobs for $9 for the 1/2 ribs and $12 for the full ribs.  The entire meal was delicious and finger looking good.  If you're ever in Vegas, dont sleep on this establishment for the food. The casino on the other hand looked a bit run down and old school and it's not too far off from the strip. Its behind Bally's and around the corner from Platinum hotel.
This place is the BEES-KNEES. Seriously, for 7 dollars we got bread, beer, a side (salad or soup), steak, side of mash potatoes with string beans. That's definitely cheaper than any diluted cocktail you will get at any Vegas club. 
(the steak special is not quite on the menu but just ask and order it anyways). 

Root beer, YUM. 

Cons: they tend to overcook the meat. Medium rare was closer to medium. So maybe emphasizing towards the rarer side, just to be safe. 

Quick service. 

Great place when you have mad drunk cravings. It hits the spot and doesn't put a dent in your wallet.
We have been coming here for 10 years. It is the first place we go once we arrive in wonderful Las Vegas. We usually eat breakfast and have a lunch here when we are in town. My wife will some times get the steak and eggs for $4.99. This trip I had the Grilled Italian sausage and eggs for $6.99 one day and Buttermilk pancakes (3) the next day for $3.99. My wife had the breakfast burrito for $7.99.  For lunch  I tried the  Italian sausage Pazone.  I felt there was a few pieces of sausage and it was to wet.  Also, it was cut in 1/4s, and was difficult to hold. I would not order that again. All in all, still our favorite place in Las Vegas. 

Just a note. When we go here, we try to get seated on the side closest to the bar, the left side. For some unknown reason, our food seems to be prepared the way we ordered. I don't know!
Best place in Vegas! Breakfast burrito is the best!! It doesn't matter if you are looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner Ellis is the place to go! With $1.75 beers! and fresh BBQ... it is just perfect!
$10 top sirloin steak and eggs? Decent quality without paying too much? $1.99 house brewed hef? A prime rib dinner with potatoes, soup or salad, AND a choice of beverage (either a homemade/brewed root beer OR their hef) for $11.99?

The answer is yes!

Can't beat the prices. Nice little preview of what Vegas has to offer.
I absolutely LOVE this place! The slots are loose and the food is awesome! Let me start at my personal favorite Ellis Island BBQ- seriously, the best deal on ribs anywhere! You can get a HUGE plate with 2 corn on the cobs,2 slices of bread, slaw, BBQ beans and 1/2chicken/ 1/2 ribs for $10.99!!!! And in the restaurant in the far back they have great steak night owl specials that rival any around town. This is a must go to for anyone in Vegas!!!
Best deal around. Steak, baked potato, green beans for $7.99. Large piece of beef too, no skimping. Grace, our server was delightful!
Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good.
Been going to the BBQ/Brewery for the past couple years. Took my daughter and wife. Usually we get awesome service, cheap food and great beer. Not anymore.

They now EXCLUDE all kids and have a mandatory 21 and over rule for any guests. CAN YOU SAY STUPID AS F*&K?? WTF? From dealing with the reduced hours to now this..basically the final straw and will not be going back anymore...Also arrived at 9pm (they close at 10pm)...hostess said we might not be able to give you a seat...even though there was at least 2 tables free. Another WTF??..so basically, if you have a kid, and arrive 1 FULL hour before closing, don't bother eating here and waste your time.

So disappointed... that I feel very compelled to let everyone know of the fun I had.
I was lured in by the cheap dinner special.. Like everyone has said before  me $6.99 steak, potato, greens, salad or soup and beer.. And have yet to leave!

I usually go back to Ellis for their chicken fried chicken.... It is not too greasy but it is  crispy, moist and huge with a side of mashed potatos and veggies ...As a kicker they cover it with some special gravy ( it's very rich and creamy). This also comes with a soup or salad for only $7.99

There is a huge selection of food for everyone here... It's worth the wait and cheap enough to check it out at least once. It's not a first class dinning establishment but this place is definitely quirky and old!

The service here is hit or miss... Usually miss! Sometimes they will serve warm sourdough bread and butter sometimes they won't .. Most times they won't refill our glasses or bring napkins, wont bring boxes or bags for the leftovers, wont ask if we want dessert.... But hey I'm paying so I keep asking!

As far as the casino goes... The place is small and pretty chill... My dad won $500 bucks on slots the first time I took him ... So he was happy and asking to go back. Also since this place is kinda small you can easily spot and flag down the cocktail waitress.... People do some in this place but since there is no carpet, it doesn't stink too bad. Bathrooms are old and beat up but clean.. Also parking doesn't suck... It's not too far of a walk regardless of where u park.

I do want to go back and try the BBQ restaurant there.... I was it finger licking good and very affordable.
You'll not see anyone famous.

I'm tempted to give Ellis Island 5 stars for value alone. However to be honest the food is only average at best, maybe 3 stars. However the great prices make up for a lot. You can get a steak that actually good about 50% of the time, the other 50% of the time its chain (Ponderosa) steak house quality. Included is potato, toast, salad and beer for less than $10. 

An even better deal during NFL games - 2 small but tasty tacos, jumbo hotdog or an order of 5 wings for $1 each. Even better a choice of 5 in-house brewed beers, 20 oz.., all very for $1, all are very good. Throw in NFL Sunday ticket and it's hard to beat.

Decor nothing special, a little run down. 

Ellis Island takes you back 20 years when you could eat and drink cheap.
Good spot for cheap eats in Vegas and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the BBQ between 4&10 PM...some of the best BBQ I've ever had!
Downside is the fact that it's a smoking casino but if smoke bothers u do have the option of dining outside.
Oktoberfest was fun!! Quck shout out to Yelp! for free beer wristbands. The fest was fun. I tried the oxtail soup. It was ok but really soupy or watered down and the oxtails were fatty. The free beer was a +! Can't complain. The event was a bit dead maybe around 20 ppl attended.

Ellis Island itself is a smokey, runned down off the strip bar & gambling hall. I give the experience 3 stars because I found a cool parking spot, scored tickets to Jubilee, and enjoyed free beer and food.
You pay for what you get!!! Cheap food cheap quality and bad service! Dont waste your time :(
They have really good ribs in the BBQ restaurant! My family ordered full slabs of ribs and they ate every bite. I can't eat like that and had to take some home. They did, however, change the age to 21+ and I was VERY disappointed because at the time, I was 20. We were going to take my dad there for dinner and as we were approaching, there was a sign slapped on the front of their podium letting the public know no one under the age of 21 was allowed inside. So much for the birthday dinner! So we settled for the restaurant and we will never do that again. Bleh! When I was finally of age to eat there, the manager let us try the root beer while we waited and I think he even set our table up, because we did not wait as long as some of the people who were waiting before us. We had a nice waiter who always checked in to make sure everything was going well and our glasses were never empty. Satisfied? I think yes.

The food is good here, but if you plan on taking the kiddos, think again.
I will not be back.

Why?

Hardwood floors.

After walking from the strip in the hot sun, I need the cushion and comfort of carpet.

Ugly ribs.

People talk about the ribs like they are precious gifts. But they are bags of coal. But take my word with a grain of salt, I never bought them; I just saw them on someone else's plate--not a pretty sight.

Long lines at the players club.

There was some kind of BBQ going on outside and in order to get discounts you needed a card. Well I did not want to go to the BBQ but I also needed a card....it was 10 people deep and no one was at the desk. I could not wait!

Not worth the effort.
terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.


I wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here.
A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.  We ordered our standard breakfast on this trip - cinnamon French toast for my wife while I went with easy over eggs, wheat toast and hash browns. Though service may sometimes be a problem at dinner, we have almost always received prompt service during breakfast hours.
Who doesn't love Ellis Island? It is a hidden gem for locals, I would say tourists but we like to keep them out of the place. =) 

The karaoke lounge is the best people watching spot around. Get yourself enough hard lemonades (at $1.75, who can beat it?!) and you might even butcher a classic Bon Jovi hit. Don't worry most people aren't laughing at you, they are laughing with you and probably singing along! 

I just recently tried their cafe and their 24/7 steak special is my new favorite thing. For $7.99 you get a decent steak, potato, veggies, bread, AND an EI beer or hard lemonade. Definitely worth trying out if you're on a budget like I am. 

The center bar is always a great place to be entertained but beware of the sleezy dudes who might try to pick up on you. I can't comment on how good the gaming is because I always lose. =(
Well we went with intentions on belting out some great tunes while drinking some great drinks. Unfortubately, the catalogue is dated, and the bar is smoky as all hell (expected). However, after giving the DJ a nice tip & song request our turn NEVER happened. The same people were called up on stage drunk out of their minds (to be expected) to sing; were talking 4-5 times.. Kind of made us wonder, why weren't we called? Hmmm... Nevertheless, we won't go back, were still looking for a great Karaoke bar that will allow us the opportunity to have a great time.
How thee I heart the Ellis Island...
Let's see..

This is where Las Vegas' locals are hanging out. You will see characters here. This is also where I won money on the Sex & The City slot machine (This machine hates me at every other casinos in Vegas). 

My only complain was that is so smokey in there. Smokes get literally in my eyes. On the up side, their cafe serves really good food. This is where you can get the $6.95 steak special (steak, potato, and salad) but you have to ask for the special. I didn't get the steak, after days in Vegas of nothing but heavy food, I decided that I was in the mood for soup and salad. 

Their soup was Split Peas soup and it was amazing. I didn't sugar coat this fact, but their split pea was delicious. The salad was fresh and I was a happy diner. Service was outstanding. 

I love this casino. It's older, smaller, smoki-er, and you can see this is what Vegas is all about. Gambling, drinking, and good food. Viva Ellis Island!
came here at 3am. everyone was falling asleep! it's a place to go to after a good nite of clubbing when you want cheap steak.

4.99 steak and eggs. nuff said

actually. My steak and the rest of my friends steak were not cooked to order. I ordered medium rare I got Well. Everyone else order medium and got Well. I think next time I go I'll order rare or raw and hope it comes out medium rare just how I like it.
Didn't have the 4.99 steak and eggs deal when I came this time. Instead it was 7.99 for steak, green beans, steak fries, and a garden salad. Also a root beer..which was a nice touch.

Food came out quickly and was decent for the price. Service sucked because the place was understaffed.
Love this place, especially their beer. Best breakfast after a night out. Wonderful hamburgers, too. Casino is not the best, but the food is a can't miss when we are in Vegas!
This is a local joint.  I've been there twice, and each time the wait for the ribs in the place was a hour long.  This is in part because, hell, this place is cheap and good and in part because they have like, 10 seats.  Which is all good,  because I can sit my but down and play $5 blackjack with Buddy (the dealer) and my other buddies.   (I actually made more money here in two visits than I've made at any other tables in Vegas, but that's a different review).    

The rib/chicken place is simplicity.  You got three choices, full rack, 1/2 chicken or 1/2 rack and 1/4 chicken.  BBQ sauce is sweet (like I like it) and the chicken and ribs fall off the bones.  For the $15 bucks (in Vegas, BABY), this is the best deal we had in our last two visits.  The corn on the cob was horendous, but, hey, it's about the MEAT, right?  Reviews which look to be all four or five stars.  

Can't say anything about the regular restaurant; although I hear it is the place that cabbies go when at break/after shifts.  A good sign for decent cheap eats.  

Bads are only the corn (yuck, but out of season) and, like everywhere else in Vegas, the smokers abound.  Although not so much, it seems, this last visit.  

If you've lost all your money or looking for a cheap, simple, good meal -- go here one of your visits.  No glamor... straight up cards... Karaoke with the locals (interesting doesn't begin to describe it) and excellent BBQ.
Where else can you get a cheap meal for 2 for under $20 in Vegas a block behind Planet Hollywood?  ELLIS ISLAND I say!  I love love this place. This is my go-to in Vegas win or lose.  But it feels better if you're down and you hardly have enough $$$ for the expensive ass buffets on the strip.

This past weekend my S.O. and I were there.  We waited close to an hour for a table.  If you're impatient like me play the penny machines while you wait.  We were finally seated and she orders the $9.99 steak & eggs and I order the $7.99 chicken fried steak and eggs.  They don't serve the cheap special steak & eggs after 1 PM.  But it's still a good deal and it's so worth it if you're hung over and need something greasy in your stomach.  Be sure to blow on your food.  My chicken fried steak was so hot, I got 3rd degree burns on the roof of my mouth.  Maybe I was hungry like a mo fo.  Be sure to order everything up front because they can be very busy on the weekends and your waiter can disappear.  The only down-side is the wait.  But, if you have 1 1/2 hours to kill in Vegas during the day and don't want to burn a hole through your pocket (if you haven't already) this is the spot!
I was rather impressed with this casino / bar / restaurant / karaoke spot. Going in, I expected a total dive, but this place is all nice and polished (for the most part). And talk about deals. During football games, it feels like everything is a $1 (beer and food). And the karaoke is awesome. Good set-up and good host.
Get the streak and eggs special for $5.99 you won't be disappointed. The cheapest and best meal I've had yet.

I got my eggs scrambled and my steak well done. Potatoes were decent and toast was good.

I want to eat it again it was so cheap and delicious. Going to be stopping by for breakfast and dinner.
Everything we had was yummy and super cheap. As far as good eats and cheap prices, this place is great. Plus, their players card gets you $10 free play. It was a surprisingly good time.
King Prime Rib is all I come to eat here :) For $12.99 I think it's a great deal as it comes with a soup or salad and also beer or root beer of your choosing. You can opt for mash potato's, baked potato, fries, and it comes with green beans. I always get the mash and the reason why is because it's a cheesy mash potato with gravy and it's smooth and buttery. The prime rib in itself I always get medium rare and you get a slab. I wouldn't compare it to Lawry's type of prime rib where the whole meat is juicy. This while tasteful you can tell the quality isn't the same. It's still good eats however being hungover.

Downside - No Taxi's from this place. You'll have to walk to a bigger casino to get one.
I like Ellis Island. LIKE not love. I really like that they host lots of fun events in the parking lot throughout the year. I also really like the fact that these events usually include yelp and beer. I like that you can pony up to the bar, get an Ellis brew for cheap and catch a glimpse of some pretty entertaining karaoke all at the same time. It's also cool that they advertise in multiple coupon books. Las Vegas Advisor has $10 in free slot play, BOGO BBQ plate, BOGO entree, and my favorite one, 3  free rounds of drinks for 2 people. Score. They have similar deals in the American Casino Guide as well. Not that you need coupons to enjoy this place though. It's already pretty cheap, but free is awesome! Free + tip that is. 

What I don't like about this place is that it is an absolute smoke box. It's a small casino to begin with and it gets really crowded...with smokers. Which is why I enjoy the parking lot events, fresh air. The only restrooms are located in the rear of the building so unless you walk around to the back to enter, you still have to walk through the middle of said smoke box to make a pit stop. Dislike. If you are a smoker or simply don't mind that kind of atmosphere, then there really isn't much to dislike about this place.
My wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while. Her co-worker suggested that this place has the best steak. So we went and tried it. My first option would be Tuscany Casino which i've eaten their before and for me it was the best chicken fried steak. 
So, we got there around 8:30 pm. There was no line but the cafe was packed of people. We seated on the waiting bench and had to wait for 10 mins before the receptionist showed up. She didn't even entertained us. I stood and she gave me a number. To make the story short, we waited for another 30 mins before our number called. 
I ordered a steak and egg which is included on the menu and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak. We had to wait for another 20 minutes before our order came. We'll, the chicken fried steak looks big and looks delicious. My order was horrible. Just as the waiter put the plate on my table i could see that the steak was burnt. I've always order well done since i dont like to eat bloody beef. Well when i ate my steak it was the worst steak i have ever eaten. It's so hard and burnt. I could cook my steak better than this cook here. My wifes steak was okay but not the best either. I ended up sharing my wifes food. 
The bad thing thing about this is after we ate for a few hours, my wife started throwing up. This place is the worst place i've ever been to Vegas. As soon as you come inside the casion the smell is so disgusting.  It's a ghetto place. I would never come back to this place again...NEVER!
We got a great deal at Bally's for a totally adequate room.  After quickly losing $40 (I'm a big gambler ;-) on their slots we went to Ellis for the BBQ dinner.  Told the wait would be 1 1/2 hours we got called in about 45 minutes.  Chicken and ribs were very good.  Wife did not like the beans which were watery (but I thought tasty).  We were given plastic fork, knife & spoon which made eating difficult.  (Try slicing meat with a plastic knife.)  Corn was pretty bad.

We ended up going back there for 2 breakfasts (mid-week BTW) and had no trouble getting in.  My wife was very happy with hers.   I had omelets both times and 1st was good and 2nd was passable.  Good toast (no small thing) and breakfast potatoes.

We did play slots there quite a bit.  My wife ended up breaking even (including losses at the big casinos) and I didn't lose too much with several hours of play.

Ellis is a 1 (Vegas) block walk from Bally's by a less than delightful fenced off, abandoned parking lot.  A couple of street people (junkies?) seem to sit out by the 7-11, but no trouble.  My wife was glad I was with her.

Not really busy while we were there so smoke was not a problem, but it's one thing I hate about casinos.  I wonder why non-smokers have so few (or no) options?  Do smokers lose more???

We only went there during the day.  If I went at night I would want to drive.
[This review is primarily for the cafe that's inside the casino]

A small and dark casino, which had more of a bar-like atmosphere.

In the back, there is this small cafe that's open 24hrs; a small diner feel. The service was sub-par; our waitress got one side dish wrong, took a while to get our drinks, and was hard to flag down when we wanted our check. Though this loud (and picky) table behind us was driving me nuts and probably making the waitress' job crazy. The place was cramped, with tables crowded against each other.

Ordered the $7.99 filet steak deal. The meal came with the choice of beer or root beer. When asked if we could substitute the drink, she said no (not without a fee at least). Really? *sigh* Aside from that, great value (also came with side salad and 2 sides). I ordered a Texas burger ($8.99), which only came with one side and no drink, so my meal ended up costing more than the steak meal. It's a large-portioned chili cheeseburger, and was decent enough. Should have got the steak...

A good bang for your buck, foodwise. I was expecting more out of this place though as far as ambiance and service. If you do decide to dine here, sign up for their player's card (other end of the casino) and get $10 in free slot play (for new members only).
This is the best deal in Vegas, you can't go wrong with all the choices and specials on the menu.  You can get a full rack of ribs for 12 bucks, a 10 oz. steak for 8 with all the fixings and a free beer.  Their beer is delicious.  It is made fresh there and they are 1.75 for a 20oz beer all day long.  The service is great and so are the people. It is a little dive-y, but that is what makes this brewery and casino great.

If you're into Karaoke, this is the spot to be! Every night you can witness what most people tell stories of...you just gotta check it out for yourself!
I walked over to this place specifically because of Yelp reviews and it was worth it. 
A cold front had moved through the town and the walk over was cold as a witch's tit, but when I walked in, the place was warm, the booths were old school dark red vinyl and the waiters and waitresses were there to serve you food. 
I like attractive waitresses, but they're usually more busy trying to remember how to play a C chord for their indulgent singer songwriter show that night or where they left their keys after they blacked out the night before. 
This wait staff was cool. They were there to serve food hot and quick. 

Had the chicken fried chicken and it was AWESOME!  Huge portions, served piping hot, crisp as can be, came with some good sourdough rolls and delicious mashed potatoes.  Oh and really good Root Beer made at the brewery. And the prices made sense. You're not paying 4 more bucks per plate just so you can say it's "on the strip"

I realllly dig this low key place.
We go to Ellis Island first thing in Vegas pretty much everytime. It is good to eat a nice big meal before the whirlwind begins.

 It was crowded mid week due the all the cowboys in town for the rodeo. we had no wait for a table for the first time.


  Sat right down and got an Amber Ale quickly. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and my wife ordered the Cobb Salad, no chicken, no bacon, she is a vegetarian and this salad always makes her happy. I believe it came with garlic bread. Nice sourdough rolls were brought out also. I also ordered mash potatoes because they are old school cafeteria brown gravy delicious. The chicken comes on a platter with a ton of steak fries and really good cole slaw. I got a wing, a leg, a thigh and a breast.I could not eat it all. Which is crazy.  It is just really good fried chicken, that is all I can say. I have had a bunch of other stuff there and it has all been good. They are famous for the steaks for good reason, but if you like fried chicken and beer, you should try this place. 

It is also a good place to gamble.
$4.99 steak and 2 eggs, hashbrown and two slices of toast.  Are you outta your mind?

Every time we came to Vegas and asked cabbies where to eat steak and eggs, this was where they told us locals came to eat cheap steak and eggs, so we finally came.  The eggs were cooked as we asked and though the steak was a little more than the medium rare, it was still good enough.  

The wait staff is courteous.  The wait can get long, but definitely try their home brewed root beer.
Came here for the $11.99 prime rib meal with beer and also got the chili cheese fries on the side. I liked their daily soup (minestrone) which came with the prime rib meal, but other than that wasn't impressed by the rest of the meal. 

You get a lot of prime rib for the price but I got more flavor out of the seasoned string beans that came as a side to the meal. The bf was happy with the meat portions though. The chili cheese fries were the worst - there wasn't enough chili with the fries so it was all very dry. I wish I had ordered the chili by itself. 

Overall it was a great try but more of a "meh" meal.
When I lived in Vegas, this place was always a stop when we went to the strip. 

They have their own microbrewery with cheap pints. The karaoke* is almost all locals/ regulars, and most of them can really sing. The vibe is old -fashioned and laid back. A great place to start or end the night. 

*Recently, however, the secret got out to the undergrads at UNLV, and the gaggle of annoying sorority girls screaching "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" into the mic and giggling incessantly has put a damper on the vibe. The old MC used to regulate pretty strictly, but th elast time I was there, some new guy was running the show and letting the sorority girls ruin everything. Even though it is not as good as it once was, it is still worth it.
Steak and eggs are great !!!
WOW! This place is awesome! I'm so glad we went here after a long day of drinking & gambling! I ordered the NY steak and shrimp with a side of green beans and rice pilaf, and my fianc got the prime rib dinner meal. Portions are BIG and the price for all was less than $40 with tip!!! Service was fast and efficient, and we didn't have to wait to be seated.

If you're all fancy and stuff (you might not like the atmosphere). This place is not on the strip and it's an old school casino right next to a motel. There's a lot of locals that come and eat here also. The casino seemed fun, but I'll try my luck here next time when we come back.
$4.99 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am, what a deal!  They also brew their own root beer and it is a treat to have =)

The steak and eggs consists of a ny strip, 2 eggs cooked to order, fried country potatoes, and toast.  Apparently, they don't advertise this deal anymore, you have to ask the server about it.  I think the food might be better when there's less people, probably less rushed with the food orders.

For $5, the steak and egg combo really hit the spot.  The char on the steak was divine and the potatoes were nice and crisp.  For $4 you can get biscuits and gravy with eggs and a choice of sausage or bacon.  I thought their country gravy was pretty tasty last time I had it.

This is definitely the place to go for a late night snack to sober up.  Don't expect miracles to happen for $5 but do enjoy the cheap prices and rootbeer =d
$4.99 Steak and Eggs... that's all I gotta say.

-Steak
-2 Eggs
-Toast
-Potatoes
-Awful Kareoking next door

Not Bad.
2 days I had a strip steak at The Cafe if you can believe it.  That should tell you how darn good their food is....darn good!!!!
However, unfortunately The BBQ doesn't open until 4 pm and if you get there later you will have to wait awhile to get it (30 minutes, 20 minutes).  But the food I saw people eating--and the price I heard they paid for it (so inexpensive for the quality)--has me planning a trip to The BBQ there next trip to Vegas.  Dang but the bbq rigs looked fantastic!!!  I mean FANTASTIC!!!
Only drawback to this place is all that smoke from the casino...cough, cough...if you can hack that you can eat there.  Actually The Cafe doesn't stink inside but still...walking thru all that smoke is no treat at all.  Just focus on the wonderful dinner you will have once you get thru all that smoke...it's worth it.
unadvertised special: $7.99 steak special comes with choice of beer or rootbeer :D

need i say more?
YOU NEED to check out their Ribs & BBQ restaurant here. It's hella yummy & delicious !! The staff is really nice too (don't know if it was because we were Asian too).

We stumbled upon this place when we were looking for their prime ribs eatery but we were in a hurry so we decided to just eat here. Boy did we make a good decision !!

The prices here are sooooo inexpensive especially for RIBS in VEGAS !! $14 for a full rack? Hellooooo sweet deal !!

Btw, this restaurant is strictly 21+ and YES they check almost everyone's ID !! We got away with a 18 year old in our group. Shhhh don't tell them !!

This eatery is small....literally bout 15 tables? We had to wait for like 10 minutes which wasn't so bad. Upon seating, we ALL ordered either the half rack for $9 or the full for $14. I was SUPER starving so I got the full rack.

OMG THE RIBS ARE SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS !! The meat was tender and juicy with the bbq sauce oozing out. yummmm !! The ribs came with corn, bean soup, and coleslaw. ALL FOR $14??? WOW sucha good deal !!

Ok ok I must admit we got some favoritism from the staff since we had Filipino friends in our group, and the staff was Filipino too. BUT I did notice they were very nice & accommodating with ALL the guests. We just got something extra special. =P

For the superb price & high quality of the meat, this place is a bang for your fuck. Oops I mean buck. So come here & be prepare to feast on one of the best ribs you'll ever eat. =)
This isnt the most glamorous spot to eat and gamble but I have to tell you the dealers here really made my night enjoyable and to top it all off the prime rib dinner was pretty tasty.
Cheap drinks, cheap eats...can't beat that when you're near the Strip. Yes service may be slow at times but hey what do you expect when you're ordering a $7.99 steak dinner? BTW the steak dinner isn't on the menu, just ask for it. Yet the staff is always great plus that free brewed beer or root beer is a steal. Now I prefer the prime rib over the steak. The meat is tender and the au jus is quite tasty. By the time, you get your meal, you'll be full off bread and salad/soup and beer. Really for the price you pay, you really can't complain...after all it is Vegas!
I have to start by saying:  I love a good dive bar, and this is a dive casino!
The beer is VERY inexpensive and delicious, they make it onsite.
The food at the cafe is great and inexpensive!  The sevice is not top teir but what can you expect at those prices - not a fine dining experience but worth a try!

I will say that because it is an older and smaller casino the smoke is a little bothersome.  I dont smoke or like cigarette smoke so it got to me a little, just a heads up.

Parking is easy - gambling is cheap 

Overall a fun MUST TRY!
This place is a diamond in the rough. You must come here and get the prime rib, with potatoes and green beans AND soup PLUS any Ellis Island beer you want for $12.99
So we were on the hunt for Karaoke on a Weds Night and we found ourselves Ellis Island.  

When we first walked in, you could tell that this was not your normal strip casino...it was definitely a local divey place.  I'm sure a bunch of girls all blinged out in club gear was entertaining for the people in here.  Hell the 2 Elvis' were so nice to us!

The Karaoke stage was very small, but it was just enough for us to get up there and belt out whatever we felt like singing. The song selection was a bit rough..they are listed by song title and not by artists.  So unless you knew what song you REALLY wanted to sing, you might have a hard time finding it. 

For a Weds night, it was pretty packed.  There was quite the queue for getting up on stage for a song. It was quite the crowd of both older and younger people.  They look mostly local.  

Don't even think about starting fights or getting roudy in here...they have good security.  we had first hand experience :)

Will have to come back and actually try the beer....I had no idea that this was a brewery!
I've driven up and down Koval too many times to count as well as being completely oblivious to anything located on that street unless it was an intersection to turn to get to the Strip.  Little did the s/o and I know that there's a little hidden gem of a dive where they allegedly serve up some good Prime Rib, so we just had to make a stop.

We had dinner at their Cafe this past Tuesday night and fast forwarding through the 30-minute wait, we figured that had a to be a good sign, for a little dive casino off the Strip.  We get seated and man, it felt like I was in a bad dream; sitting in a semi-dimly lit restaurant, with a little cigarette smoke lingering in the air and decor that matched that of Mike & Carol Brady's vacation home, if they ever had one.  Not to mention, the most horrible Karaoke singers I've ever heard.  It was quite entertaining, especially for the setting but there were times, it felt like we were on some hidden camera show.

Without hesitation, we both were going to order their King Cut Prime Rib dinner, which came with a salad, veggies and choice of Potato, as well as Root Beer or their house Beer.  When our server took our drink order, I ordered a Coke.  Apparently, when it came time to order, I wasn't able to sub my Coke for the Root Beer it came with, not sure why, my Coke was technically a penny cheaper.  But whatever, I took the Root Beer anyhow...and took the cost of my Coke from our server's tip.  Speaking of which, yeah, our server and the restaurant staff was so jaded.  Service with a smile goes a long way...and so will your tip, so turn that frown upside down, ladies and gentlemen.

We didn't have high expectations for the Prime Rib, being that was ultra cheap at $13 a pop.  When our food came out, I didn't care much for the presentation, as it was quite sloppy.  The au jus spilled onto the plate, the sour cream was served it's own individual packet that you had to rip open, the horseradish was in it's own indivdiual plastic cup.  But, when all was said and done, I took a bite into the Prime Rib; first bite was good, figured it was the outside because of the seasoning so I started going towards the middle.  Second, third, fourth and so on...I finished that slab of King Cut without hesitation.  I was so impressed, not that I finished it but, it was a delicious cut of Prime Rib that'd make the bigger, bling casinos on the Strip bow their head in shame.  Shoot, I bowed my head in shame for discrediting this spot!

Overall, we'd totally come back to Ellis Island for their Prime Rib again!!!
I discovered this place on yelp.  My roommate and I were in Vegas for his birthday and we were starving when we finally made it to town and checked into our hotel.  This place had a really high rating, so we decided to try it out.  First, it is extremely important that you DO NOT WALK here.  Not because it is in a scary area or anything, but the fact that distance in Vegas is deceiving and it is really, really far from everywhere.  

The tiny casino with a restaurant is connected to the Super 8 Motel.  I'll say right off the bat that I give 5 stars for the restaurant.  Three stars for the casino.  The restaurant had almost an hour wait so we first went to the casino.  All the tables were $15 or $20 and the cocktail waitress we had was rude.  We got tired of giving our money to the slot machine so we wandered over to the bar.  The restaurant has about 10 tables but the bar is open right next to it and had plenty of seating.  The bar serves different food, so that is one option if you don't want to wait for dinner.

Now here is the kicker.  Ellis Island is a microbrewery and they brew 5 types of beer ranging from blonde to stout. I had the stout, which I expected to be think like Guinness, but instead was a really dark, super delicious beer.  Here's the best part: 20oz glass for $1.75! That's right folks. The best beer I have ever had in my life for less than 2 bucks. Once we got called for dinner the food there was pretty good, but that could have been because I was drunk from the cheap beers.  Smoking allowed in the bar, but not in the restaurant.  

On my next visit to Sin City, this will be my first stop.
This place is a must see. Excellent home brewed beer. $8 steak special (not on the menu). Amazing ribs.

Make sure you buy the American Casino Guide as it has a $10 slot match play, 4 free drinks at the bar and 50% off food coupons.  I got drunk and ate like a king for ~$12 after tax and tip.

They are always packed but service was good and all the waiters are appreciative.  Only a few blocks off the strip too!
Awesome - walked to Ellis Island from the strip one morning and discovered  Manny the bartender. Great beer, great prices and wonderful employees. Went back the next morning before our flight. If your in Vegas  check this place out. Manny - see you next year.
Not much ambiance but the food is good and the microbrewed beer and root beer are outstanding!

There may be a long wait on weekends, holidays and special occasions so get ready. The place is old and has a poor ventilation system but again, the food is A+  The prime rib is tender, the shrimp is tasty, the Italian chicken is great and the bar is fun when they have karaoke.  

We go here every Vegas trip!
$5 steak and egg special deal throughout the entire day. According to their specials on their chalkboard that is..

Great amount of portion per plate.
Steak comes with toast, two eggs and potato squares or whatever you want to call them.

Service can lack a bit here..

takes awhile for the food to come out. 

Overall, friendly staff.
This is THE place to get good and CHEAP steak!

Depending on when you go, you have two choices:

$4.99 Steak, eggs, hash-browns and toast
(Only on Weekdays 11pm - 11am; Weekends 11am - 2pm.)
Or 
$7.99 Steak special. Comes with veggies, mashed potatoes(or fries or baked) and a beer/root beer.

We were here twice and both times I had the $7.99 special. The mashed potatoes were damn good. The steak was perfectly medium rare (though my other friends were not as lucky, so it's kind of a hit/miss but they come fairly close to what you order). Their hefeweizen was alright.

The best part about this place is that you can eat for free. I'm not sure if it was a special or not, but after we ate, we went to the other side of the casino and signed up for the membership. It's free to signup and you get $10 of free game play. You play a bit and you have a chance of winning a couple of bucks, then just cash out and you just got yourself a free dinner. :)

I'm definitely going to come back to this place.
Of course it is a dump....But the Ribs and the pice value is Out of this world !!!! The best place in town for Ribs.
I gave it a 3 star because it is cool that they always have karaoke nights consistently but I would say the performances are far from the best in town. Definitely a good option if you have nothing to do and want to get drunk and have a good laugh. They have good craft beer at the bar though and I have friends that go there to eat sometimes and they say its good. Even with their good food reviews its still a place I wont be taking a gamble on to eat at though... There always seems to be a hooker hanging out outside of this place. lol. Like I said, makes for a good night if your bored, want to get drunk and have a good laugh.
Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this tiny casino and brewery right behind where I stayed at Bally's for CES. For the week I stayed in Vegas, I came here twice. This is saying alot since there are so many restaurant options to choose from on the Strip. Here, the prime rib is a must try. I order it rare and mooing. It came out tender and very flavorful. All their entree comes with a soup or salad. I opted for their salad with house Italian dressing. Their Italian dressing is one of the best I've tasted. I wanted to drink it like a shot with what I had left after finishing my salad but decided against it. The second time I came, I had the surf and turf, which was an 8 oz. sirloin with butterfly battered shrimp. Very tasty. 

Now the service is not the most friendly here and keep in mind there is a strict rule that they do not allow separation of the bill. We wanted to separate our bills but they said NO EXCEPTIONS! If you do want separate bills, I'd suggest to go as party of one and request to be seated next to your friends. This is a loop-hole that I thought might work. Maybe...maybe not. 

I only had their stout and it held it's own and was pretty good. 

If you want great food at great prices, don't care too much about the service, this is a place to go for a great dinner without all the extra fluff from Vegas.
This place is the balls!  I hit this place up every time I make it out to LV and have never been disappointed.  Their brew is excellent and cheap.   The table mins are low and the dealers are some of the nicest people in this crooked town.  If you're planning a Vegas trip on a budget or just want some great late night people watching this is the place.  They offer an A+ breakfast and their bloody marys are epic.  Forget high table mins and the uptight jackalopes in Ed Hardy tees and get to this place ASAP!
Came for their prime rib after a night of partying at Marquee, but they were all out and weren't making anymore until lunch time.  I guess prime rib isn't in high demand at 4am?

A seemingly hopeless situation was salvaged by their $4.99 Steak & Eggs.  Yup.  For less than one hand of Black Jack, you can get a thin but juicy piece of steak (best rare or medium rare), two eggs your way, hash browns and toast.  It's delicious and you don't even have to be drinking to think so!  Service was quick and our waiter was friendly and joked around with us.

Never going to Denny's again.
Mmm ribs are the best I've tried by far! they cook them fresh with their outdoor grill. I suggest you call ahead to make sure what time theyre serving bbq.  we had to get a # at the restaurant side and wait. Bbq food starts at 4p.m. On the tuesday I was there. Simple menu. Just bbq ribs and chicken. I had the combo. Chicken was ok, but the ribs are soooooo good. My boyfriend had a full rack and shockingly killed it! It was that good.definitely better than lucilles. All food comes with corn, bread, bbq beans, and cole slaw. Portions are gigantic! Our bill was about 28 pretty cheap! Service that day was great.
24/7 $8 Steak specials which include veggies potatoes and a beer!  Went here a few years ago when I was last in Vegas and it was the best meal of the whole trip!  Ellis Island is only 1 street away from Bally's parallel to the strip.  It's got plenty of other food deals as well , like brunch, BBQ (usually lines) and Pizza deals.  The crowd here is usually laid back and calm older but nice people.

I would recommend this place to any / everyone coming to Vegas for at least 1 meal!
My husband and I really love this restaurant.  We are retired and our dining out budget is limited.  The food tastes great and the menu is varied enough that we have a good selection every time we go.  The prices suit our budget & the fact that the casino is good makes this a twice a month afternoon out.  My husband loves the unadvertised steak special.  After all where else could you get a top sirloin with all the fixings including a beer for 7.99.  I enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent.  Ellis Island really knows to make delicious mashed potatoes & gravy. You should give it a try.
Seriously good beer!  I even tried the root beer and it was crazy delicious!  We wanted to try the BBQ place, but didn't realize that it didn't open until 4pm.  We will definitely visit next time to check out those ribs every one talks about!
Awesome spot in Vegas. Meals are super cheap but are awesome quality. My favorite spot to chow down near the strip.
Beers are great for $1.75! No way near compares to micros from the northwest, but where else can you get a micro at this price??

Servers are very friendly and the blackjack at the bar was fair. I played my free $5 that I got for signing up for the players club for about an hour until I lost it all. Most places have odds that ripe that money right out of your hands before you can even say hit me!

The food was great! Especially the prices! $12 prime rib dinner is an amazing deal.

We had the best time at their karaoke bar. It's small and pretty packed so it forces you to make friends with your neighbors. It was mostly the same 6 or 7 people singing and they were all very good! I usually hate listening to karaoke but I was amazed by some of the voices here.

 I've been wanting to check this place out for a long time because I've read a lot of great reviews about it on Yelp! When I found out I could get a hook up at Super 8 I was so stoked because I knew it would be so easy to come here. (right next door)

So if you looking to do Vegas on a serious budget get a room at Super 8 and hang out at Ellis!

My one gripe though is the smoking in here. Seems like there is not ventilation. So just a fair warning: you WILL smell like a chain smoker when you leave here.
Cheap Beer & Cheap Steak and Eggs & Great Customer service, don't judge a book by its cover.

First off I'm hard to please when it comes to steak and eggs grave yard specials. Its pretty much a Vegas night out tradition for Vegans to go out & party it up and grab steak and eggs after. Like I said I'm hard to please, even at 3 in the morning with my steak and eggs but Ellis Island didn't disappoint. Every steak and eggs place I go to serves a steak, 2 eggs, some toast, and hash browns... ew. I'm not much of a fried food person. So I always ask for mashed potatoes, usually I get a no or my waiter gives me a hard time for switching out my hash browns for mash potatoes. Either telling me they have to charge me extra or just a flat out no. BUT at Ellis island my waiter started to say no but they said "he'll see what he could do" Which I thought was super nice because I later found out they don't make mashed potatoes at 3am LOL
When for breakfast and it was great!!  Prices was about 13.00 for the both of us.   Server was very  nice.  Go enjoy the food
Saw this on yelp and figured to try it out. 

Ordered the 11 dollar steak and eggs. Steak was the right portion, but they didn't have their homemade rootbeer that day :(. Most of my friends enjoyed what they ordered too, and it's right behind planet hollywood.
Really wonderful prime rib for the price and decent steak. Salads were ok, very generic with mediocre quality ranch, get the soup it was better. Nice and cheap microbrews. I came on a saturday night and had to wait almost 1 1/2 hours to get seated... no beuno.

Smoke is pervasive in this small casino. Does not bother me, but it is something to consider. 

The part that really bugged me and my party was the waiter. Older asian guy. He actually came over, flipped over the tab and checked the tip before we stood up! It was incredibly rude.
Good food, Great price. Downside long wait on weekends, Smells like smoke everywhere, bathrooms are across the casino floor, service is OK at best, and employees aren't amiable, openly curse in English and Spanish in the dining room. But,  I love the steak and egg special, and the corn beef hash reminds me of how my mom would make corn beef, spam, egg and rice for breakfast.
I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course.
Awesome cheep food. Great steak special. You get a whole meal and a beer for the price of a beer on the strip. Metro pizza is awesome too.
Dear Ellis Island,

Your secret menu (which has now been raised by an entire dollar) of $7.99 steaks has kept me captivated for as long as I can remember entertaining myself in Vegas.  When my friends and I left TAO and got back to our hotel at 2AM... only to pass out and be woken up an hour later for talks of the munchies, we knew there was only one place to go, and it was you.

With that said, I like to issue my deepest apologies to that amazingly patient and kind gentlemen of a server that allowed me to make a fool of myself on the table.  I knew from the moment that soup came out to accompany my post-midnight steak deal that I had taken too many AMFs earlier.

Thank you for bringing out those piles and piles of napkins for me, and that extra glass of water to help me in my drunken state.  Thank you for being so awesome and making sure that I was not going to die in your restaurant.  I'm sure you've seen it day  and night, but let me tell you, I appreciated it.

Thank you for also bringing out my pint of beer anyways.  You knew that I'd still be down to drink it even after making a mess of myself.  And of course, thank you to my fellow friends and Yelp buddies for ensuring that we still had a good time.

I always loved your steak deal.  And I'm sure the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be coming back sometime past 3 in the morning just to get it.  Cause really- that's the best time to.  Hopefully next time I will be sober enough to actually take a bite out of that steak.

But I had it in the morning, and let me tell you, it was still good!

Love,
Andy
My friends and I had the Cowboy dinner. It isn't on the menu. Just ask for it. This deal is the best one in Vegas as far as food goes. The Cowboy dinner includes a 12 oz steak, salad, bread, a choice of fours different beers (from their brewery, including Rootbeer), green beans, and mashed potatoes. All of them were delicious. The steak was a little bland but it was still tasty. All of this for $7.99.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...what a pity, if only I could bring back gallons of beer from Ellis Island.

I came here for the first time for breakfast. While everyone else had scrambled eggs and bacon, we had the $8 steak special with a glass of beer. Steak is good for its dirt-cheap price, but the green beans were pretty awesome - buttery and tasty.

Beer takes the main stage here. This place has one of the best beers of microbrews anywhere. The amber ale I got was so nicely balanced. However, amble ale is hard to make, and sometimes they do taste over-roasted. The other killer beer is the light lager, which has such an intense smell and taste of sweet malt (for a "light" beer, no less). The hefe and dark beer are all really good (well, fresh hefe are usually good), but light lager and amber ale are always the first two I get.

During subsequent visits, I've come to realize that their pizza is good and the bbq ribs meal is awesome (this is another semi-hidden secret). This place is a cult.
We went there for the karaoke. However, the bar had a 2 drink minimum even for the designated driver. And they have a policy of evicting customers that don't have a drink in front of them. Very poor service from waitresses on the floor and bar. Even though I was tipping (for soda) at first. The security team is a bunch of pushy emotional kids so I had to take my complaints to their supervisors. This place really put a damper on our celebrations so we cut as soon as I reported our issues.
This place is seriously the best deal in Vegas period. Going to Ellis Island for breakfast/brunch and to play cheap blackjack is a ritual among my friends. As soon as you walk in, you will know why because there is always a wait of 30mins or longer at this establishment. If you are reading this review, I'm sure you are all aware of the $5.99 steak and eggs deal (not on the menu) as well as the 7.99 steak dinner deal. I get these every time I'm in Vegas. 

Service is good. Just be aware that it may be slow depending on how many ppl are there. But you're in Vegas, I'm sure you can find a way to kill some time. By the way, they brew their own beer which is great to be honest. Seriously this place is a gem.
I've only ever been here in the wee hours of the night, but honestly, I think that's the only time you should be here. STEAK AND EGGS.

For some reason, steak and eggs post-clubbing (or anytime after midnight) has always been a staple of my Vegas trips, so I've been to quite a few places. Skip Buffalo Bill's and go to Ellis Island! Trust me. Heard about it from a cab driver one Vegas trip, and we have been back every time since.

Location wise, it's off the strip a bit, but parking is generally not a problem (though again, only been here when it's... late), and I've also managed to hail a cab standing on the side of the road at 3am.

Our server was really patient with us, even though we had a big group. Service was surprisingly slow, given that it was mostly empty (-1 star), but they brought out 10 steak and eggs orders all at once so no one was waiting extra. This is the best steak and eggs deal in Vegas (for the price) because the steak is actually edible and not too tough to chew and the potatoes are seasoned well. Eggs are eggs. It's not gourmet, but when you're tired and hungry and in good company, tastes like heaven.

Also, beware the creepy guys on the casino floor who leer at girls in heels and short dresses.

tl;dr: Best place for late night steak and eggs in Vegas!
Can't believe a $7.99 steak could taste sooo freaking good!!! All four of us ordered that $7.99 steak and it includes the in-house Amber, which is another plus. The wait time was alright since its around 6pm, but we did go in before the crowd. However, the wait time for the steak was a bit long, maybe because we were all hungry after the convention. 

The BBQ place was the reason why Ellis couldnt get all 5 stars from me, their waitime was hideous. We went there two times before we could try their delicious racks. First time we went there, the wait time was 45min, so we went over to the steak place aross the casino and tried their $7.99 with Amber. Second time, the wait time was 2 HOURS because it was during dinner time, so we went someplace else. Finally, the third time we went there, it was around 4:30pm, so there isn't a line and we could finally try the ribs and chicken. The BBQ sauce was great and so are the beans and coleslaw.

Would I go back?? maybe, really depends on the wait time....
Great food, cheap prices, the root beer was awesome. If you don't mind a steakhouse that is full of old people, you are in. Good food that does not cost a bunch. Cheap is not a good adjective because it takes away from the overall review. Steak, green beans, potato of choice, salad and a beer for 8 freaking bucks!  Service is quick the meat is great (not a sizzler steak by any means). You gotta try this joint!
Steak and eggs breakfast $5.99, great deal for the amount and quality of food you get and if you're with good company, it helps!

My friends and I came here on a late Sunday morning after a weekend of, well, enjoying Vegas, and we were exhausted. Ellis island was a cab-ride away from our hotel which was on the middle of the strip, I think about $7 there with tip and then we walked back to the strip after our meal (maybe a 5-10 minute walk). 

We had to check in to get a number; the wait was about 35 minutes and we finally sat down around noon.  The casino itself was overly-smoky just like all old casinos in Vegas, and I was starting to get sick by the time they seated us.  Also, waiting in a casino- not always the best idea; I lost about $10 on the slots during the wait so in reality, I spent more than what I would have if we had a simple breakfast on the strip...

The food- great value for the price!  I ordered my steak medium and it was pretty decent if not a little tough.  I ordered fries instead of the breakfast potatoes for a little bit extra cost and eggs were scrambled.  I don't actually eat eggs, but I nibbled on them just to test- not bad. The size of the meal was decent- I left pretty full.   

Overall, I thought the food was decent and a great value but in the future, I might have to stick to the strip.  I'm not a fan overly-smoky casinos and the fact that there was no other casinos or attractions next door; I was smoked-out by the time we had finished breakfast.
This is a little favorite of ours.  Their restaurant has all the right combinations of comfort food.  You can't beat the prices and everyone is always so nice (at least when we've been there).  

It's a little hole in the wall place, but we've always had pretty good experiences.
This is a raunchy looking spot but I gave it a 4 star for  3 reasons. Its a small place so when you gamble, you get your drinks super fast. 2nd, they have a good deal on their bbq. 3rd, the dealers want you to win. If you dont win, you dont come back, you dont come back, this place closes down.
this place is freaking awesome.. 15 bucks for a salad, bread roll, prime rib, baked potato and a beer... that's ridiculous.. as long as you can stand the cigarette smoke and all the old people here.. this is definitely a place to check out if the casino gets your money and you still want good meal
I came here on a saturday afternoon and it was my first time there. HOUR AND A HALF WAIT?!?! There was a big long booth and 4 tables open? You kidding me? 

I'd like to give zero stars on the service because let me tell you, I have never experience the type of service they were giving that day. Dora, the hostess had an attitude on her. Every so often I would check about how much longer until our number will be called and she said "I am sorry I cannot give you that estimiate because it depends on how fast people eat." Really?
Then our number was skipped because she said they had to get the table ready but there was two other tables ready, I didn't understand it. I saw a customer trying to ask her a question and she turned her back at him and was like you need to go talk to your waiter and the customer was so upset, he just walked away. I think Dora should brush up on her customer service skills and be a little more happier next time. 

I gave 2 stars and put up with the wait because I heard the food was worth it. In the end I was very satified with the food but it just didn't seem like a happy environment. The place seemed stressed out.
$5.99 steak and eggs. Gotta ask for it. Not listed on their menu but it's always available. Whether you come in for breakfast or stumble in after getting your drink on. Their customer base is also pretty diverse although there's an old people diner kind of feel to it. But enough about that, steak and eggs! Comes with potatoes and toast. Service is decent and they serve your party's order at the same time so it might take a while for your order to arrive. Also worth noting that we waited 45 minutes for a table. Seemed like their standard for a Sunday brunch since there were so many other people waiting. They could use more servers though, as the wait was definitely not due to lack of tables.
The perfect place to go to after a club or late at night because it is 24 hours. It's tacky looking and definitely doesn't look nice.  The service wasn't amazing, but they did pay attention to us. However, where else can you get decent steak in the middle of the night?
One star for being open late, one star for being cheap, one star for quick service, and one star for decent food.  You seriously get what you paid for. The food that we ordered were not on the menu, but they definitely do serve it.

$3.99- Scrambled eggs, potatoes, toast with butter, and medium well steak:
I didn't want to eat too much so I opted for the steak and egg. It was definitely not of best quality.  Next time, I will definitely pay $2 more for the better version.

$7.99- Mash potatoes, string beans, much better medium steak:
This was the best deal! You get the mash potatoes, string beans, steak, a beer (or root beer), and a side salad (or soup).  What a fantastic deal! The steak is definitely better than the $3.99 steak.  I was literally in love with the steamed string beans (from frozen packages). It was just so juicy (but we all know that it is just the melted ice).

Overall: Great place for cheap food late at night!
last day we were here we wanted to go check out the steak and eggs... the wait was just too long for the food we got. it was okay, probably would of been better if we got the cheap steak and egg meal.
$5.99 steak and eggs deal that you won't see posted anywhere, not even on their menu. I couldn't believe it. My bro recommended it to me and I had to text him to double check it was true because I didn't see it anywhere! Asked the lady at the front just to make sure it was still going and she confirmed it. 

There was very little wait and the server took our orders quickly and the steak came out reasonably fast. The main issue I have here is that they do not know how to cook their steaks consistently. My friend ordered his steak rare and got it medium rare. I ordered mine medium rare and got it done medium well. My other friend ordered hers well done and got medium rare. No, our plates were not mixed up, the little fork thingies on the steaks indicated how they were cooked. None of them were correct. 

Anyway, the eggs were great and the potatoes were excellent! Well cooked and reasonably spiced. I think the potatoes are the hidden gem in this deal (it should be called steak, eggs and potatoes!) They also give you 2 slices of bread (4 pieces) along with jelly. They layer a ton of butter onto the bread too. 

Oh yeah, there's always a couple homeless people on the sidewalk in front of the 7-Eleven. They wanted to trade me some change for my tie. LOL

TIP: Late night munchies? No worries $5.99 steak and eggs waiting for you--they're open 24 hours!
Vegas, Vegas, Vegas!

Went last year, stayed at Hooters with free rooms and good accommodations. We were looking for a good steak and egg breakfast place, locally and the operator at Hooters told us we HAVE to go to Ellis Island. We listened...

It was AMAZING! $5.99 for a good size piece of steak, eggs, potatoes and toast is too good to be true! I ordered a bloody mary, it was 4.50! Haha, this place is so cheap and awesome. 

Old school for sure!!! But you have to "ask" for the special. Enjoy!
I'm going to be reviewing not the actual casino, but the BBQ restaurant they have here. That was pretty amazing. You get some awesome cheap beer and amazing (and wonderfully priced) BBQ. PS. Get a players card.

I ordered a half-rack of ribs and they accidentally gave me a full rack of ribs. They charged me for a half-rack, though. That was awesome, to say the least.

My three guy friends all got the chicken and ribs combo. I would never have been able to finish it. So there's plenty of food in the combo deal for you boys to get full on.

I am definitely excited to be back for it.

Also, it opens at 4pm but you might wanna get there at 3pm to get a number or else the wait time will be awful. We got in very quick since my friend and I went there around 3. After you finish, please skedaddle so they can serve the line :).
HANDS DOWN!! BEST PLACE IN LAS VEGAS TO EAT!! For prime rib and a beer all for $12.99. I found Ellis Island on Yelp.com and we were never disappointed, not once. Our waitress Grace was a delight, smiling, and more than attentive. We actually hung out in the casino for a while afterwards. We will most certainly be back on every trip! I read the breakfast here is amazing so I hopefully can experience this on my next trip to Las Vegas.
The steak special here is fantastic! It's pretty much my go-to when I'm strapped for cash but still want a restaurant experience with courses. Doesn't hurt that the beers crafted in house are only $1.75.

Is this the best steak you'll ever have? Heck no. But where else can you regularly get soup or salad to start, and a filet cut top sirloin with choice of potato and green beans for $8? Nowhere, I tell you. The best part about this deal? It comes with a free beer (or rootbeer.. get a beer, sissy). And their beers are pretty darn good.

I personally love the taste of sirloin. I think filet mignon is overrated in everything but it's tenderness (ribeye.. that is all.) The sirloin at Ellis is hit or miss, really, both in preparation and in quality. Sometimes I've gone and it's been tender, and sometimes my jaw is sore by the end of dinner. I usually order medium-rare and it's usually medium or medium-well, occasionally rare, and once in a blue moon, cooked correctly. The green beans are fresh green beans and are sometimes still crisp, and sometimes really mushy and buttered with loads of fresh garlic. The baked potato is standard, and the mashed potatoes come with gravy that is much like cafeteria gravy and is oddly satisfying in that way.. steak fries are steak fries. The soups change day to day and range from chili to New England clam chowder (surprisingly good). The salads are your standard iceberg romaine carrot purple cabbage mix with croutons and cherry tomatoes, but their Italian dressing is made in house and it is bangin'.

Other dishes: Orange Roughy - delicious. Fish n Chips - delicious! (Same as Village Pub, but cheaper at Village Pub). Clams - good, fresh. French onion soup - super greezy. I think the bread they use is a piece of garlic bread. They also have the mandatory casino breakfast specials that seem like a good deal, I've never tried them.

This is an $8 steak. This is not a steak house. This is the kind of steak that benefits from being cooked a little more by getting just a bit more tender.. go medium-rare. For the price, you won't have any regrets. Unless you're a vegetarian (sissy).
MY review is for the BBQ place inside only, not the Casino or the other restaraunts (they have a family restaraunt, a pizzeria, and a bar area with microbrew beer)

Wow.  wowow.  Now this is BBQ.  I have to say this place is my number one place for BBQ in the US hands down.  I've eaten here four times and it never fails to disappoint, it is a tender BBQ plate with BBQ Corn and all the other sides as well are great.  come here on off hours if you don't have time for waiting, because if you come here during mainstream mealtime you will have at least a 45 minute to hour and a half wait.

Food Channel did a review on this place as well, and rated it very high, while I found out about the place from a cabbie I did find the review via google.

This is a can't miss when you are in Vegas, but don't be suprised by the actual casino itself, this is very much an off strip casino (behind Bally's)  Casino it is dark, smokey and not appealing otherwise the food.
Baby back ribs smell amazing..8 dollars steak special sealed the deal though...beware of 1.5 hour wait for party of 15..
For some unknown reason, I have an affinity for this place.

What is it? It's a dive-casino. Yes, sort of like a dive bar, but a dive casino. It's small, dark, worn down, and not-so-easy on the eyes. But I like coming down here to get away from the strip every once in a while.

Its a local spot. I think their biggest draw is their restaurant, which always has great deals for steak (it's something like 7 bucks) and you get a salad and some other things with it. Everything is very cheap here. 

If you have never been and decide on coming, don't have any expectations. Don't expect great service, valet, or pretty cocktail waitresses. Come here because you want a cheap meal and to take an escape from fantasy and step into reality, for only a minute.
This place is soooo GOOD and sooooo CHEAP! 

Venue: Slightly off the strip. Best to just take the taxi there. The restaurant is inside an old ghetto casino. Old casino diner type place. Came here on thurs 12am no wait.

Service: Very friendly staff.

Food:
King cut prime rib (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=CA0rpZTDLC1UDZ1pARWJLQ) - $12.99  Comes with a tall sized beer and salad. Salad was nasty should have opt-in for soup. Prime rib was Really really GOOD! Especially for the price!! It's definitely way better than prime rib they serve at the buffets in vegas. Nice, Juicy and Tender..

Ny steak and eggs special (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=ijDx9t3kG5Lw58dIQfC5cQ) - $5.99 (Only on Weekdays 11pm-11am and Weekends 11am-2pm) A decent sized juicy and tender steak. Comes with eggs any style, toast, and hashbrown. The food quality was definitely way better than other cheap steak places.

Price: CHEAP!

Overall: Would definitely want to come back every time I go to Vegas.
My friend and I are addicted to karaoke, so while in Las Vegas we had to get our fix.  Ellis Island was close to our hotel so we gave it a try on a Saturday night.  The drink prices were very cheap and parking was great.  

Service was very slow, due to a huge crowd and 2 waitresses for the entire place.  The crowd was noisy and the stage was located so anyone sitting on our side couldn't see the singers.  Bathrooms were way on the other side of the cassino from the karaoke bar.  The KJ was nice, but the song selection was VERY limited...my top 3 choices (sung at numerous other venues...nothing unusual).  The worse part was the smoke, though.  I think close to half the crowd was smoking and there wasn't sufficient ventilation to handle it.  We aren't smokers, and had to walk outside several times because we actually started feeling light headed and ill.  No bueno!

Next trip to Vegas we will try another venue.
I couldn't find a separate entry for the BBQ restaurant inside Ellis Island, but it's a must go joint. Head toward the Metro Pizza Counter and take a right at the beer fermenters and you're there. They open at 4PM and it pays to get there early. I went on a Tuesday night, got there about 5:30 and had to wait an hour. Really, really good BBQ ribs and chicken.
We had a late breakfast at Ellis with each of us ordering easy over eggs, wheat toast and breakfast potatoes.  The meal and service were pretty good though just a little less so than on recent visits.  

A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
This place is one of the best Deals in Las Vegas! $7.99 Gets you an awesome Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings and includes a 20 oz Micro Brew of your choice! Loved it!
I am always a little scared of the off strip casinos but I really liked this place.

The front bar has Karaoke 7 nights a week until 3am and I really enjoyed it. I must say that the first couple of singers had dark sides to them...Sound Garden, Metallica, etc... I instantly knew this was not a happy let's sing pop and love songs kind of crowd. This was pretty dark hard core singing. I was just amazed that the screaming and voices were dead on. It was a little refreshing for me, then the typical singers I encounter.

The bartenders were a little disconnected. It seems like they were making drinks for other people outside the bar. There was a secret window where "OPD" went...what you don't know what that means? Okay fine "Other Peoples Drinks!" Now are you down with me? It was like you needed a road flare to get there attention and I was sitting at the bar. Plus there is a 10 buck min for a tab on credit card. Also do not start a tab with the waitress and then order a drink from the bartender because they do not work well together. Okay as I'm writing this sober I'm realizing this paragraph deserves like one star.

I need to get back to my happy spot...good cold fresh micro brew beer flowing from taps behind the bar. I wish the tap was on my side.  I also wish the bathroom was closer because I needed to return the beer back to nature. So I went on my walk through the casino. I loved it. As I walked around, I noticed 5 buck blackjack...it was over $25 back at our big casino on the strip. I love that these little places have low starting limits. If I was Mayor of Funtown I would make a law that said there will be no set table bets. Hey if I wanna gamble a buck why can't I? Why are you forcing me to lose more money?

I think this place is a find and I can hardly wait to come back here but I'm going to need to start working on some dark songs to sing or I might get kicked out.
Do not pass over this place because of the location.  Simply put, the best sirloin and eggs I have ever had. Even the bread and potatoes were fantastic.  I am a Bellagio snob. Every time I go to Vegas I refuse to give anyone else my money.  However, this was fantastic. Given that there are soooo many other $X.99 steak specials in Vegas, it is easy yo chalk all them all up as crap.  But, this one is the exception. Oh, and my girlfriend got the ham and eggs and the ham was still on the bone. It was that really good textured and uneven colored ham that you would get at a higher end place. Just the right amount of dryness and very dense. Oh, and it was the size of her plate. the only weird thing was the butter that they put on the toast.  It seemed like it was the liquid butter that they put on popcorn. Ask for the butter on the side and you will be golden.
Decent beer, good variety of restaurants, and even better gaming promos make this a good choice for doing Vegas on a budget! My out of town guests have enjoyed taking advantage of the deals here. It's also a popular spot with locals.
We go for the karaoke and the cheap beer. Always have had a good time, except for the last time I went. The cocktail waitress in the karaoke bar was horrible. For some reason she thought it was ok to tip herself with our change, she would keep at least a dollar for herself instead of allowing us to tip her. . . and she was over charging us for our drinks. . . like seriously overcharging. We finally got it figured out with the bartender who happily refunded our money, and we just started giving our waitress exact change for our drinks. 
The KJ on the weekdays needs an attitude adjustment too. . . He has favorites that he lets sing over and over again, yet the new people or people that don't go 3 times a week aren't even given a chance. 
The rest of the casino is nothing to really get excited about. . . although from my experience most of the bartenders are really cool. 
Overall. . . if you go to karaoke on the weekends or just stick to the bar you should have a pretty good time
If you want to know where all the cab drivers hang out early in the morning ....this is the place! It was tough to find parking so we just parked in the garage. We came here for the steak and egg special it was $9.99 when we went. There was like a 15 minute wait ! The potatos that came with the meal were tasty and a nice golden brown. The steak was a little too cooked for me. I like my steak to be a little pink inside. 
We almost left without paying because the alarm went off saying to evacuate the building. It was a false alarm though. If you want a break from the prices on the strip this is a decent place to go.
Is there LESS than one star??   

I used to recommend Ellis Island ribs to EVERYONE coming to Las Vegas, but no more.  You guys absolutely suck.  

We went in with an 11 year old and her dad, the first time in Vegas for both of them, and the FIRST night in town I took them to ELLIS ISLAND.   

After an hour wait for a table, we left with an 11 year old in tears because they don't serve DINNER to anyone under 21, even with outdoor seating, and they don't offer take-out either.  No way for me to pull THAT one out of the bag.  We went to Margeritaville instead.

Way to ruin a vacation, guys.  It just wasn't that much to ask.  

I'm a local, and I won't be back, and I'll tell anyone that will listen that Ellis Island is NOT the place to go.
Cheap beers is the main reason to come here...I think?  $2 for a 20 oz "microbrew."  Unfortunately, the beers I tried (IPA and Amber) were nuttin' special.  $2 is a fair price.

The craps table was closed at about 11 pm on a Friday night.  We had a group of 5 people just dying to lose some money playing craps.  They still wouldn't open the table, and were all put off that we would even dare ask.  Hmph!  Undeterred, we played a bit of blackjack...until the pit boss told us the table was going to be closed after that deck.  What the heck!  This is the only casino in Vegas that will actively try to not take your money, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it.

We took our business elsewhere.  Mediocre beers, dummies running the tables, and tons and tons of cigarette smoke.  I don't have a reason to go back.
Cafe yay!

There were a number of food places in this casino. We ended up in the Cafe. The selection of food here was great and the affordable price even better! I had the pork chops meal for something like $8.99. No wonder the place always had long waiting lists... it goes by pretty fast, though, and we were seated quickly (10 min wait).  Service was good. Not located on the strip but worth visiting if looking for a cheap place to eat.
With so many Steak and Eggs deal in town, it's hard to know which one to choose. I'd have to say Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs are great.

Let's talk about the restaurant itself; it's located about one block away from the Strip, so it's relatively close to all the big hotels. If you're out on the Strip late at night, maybe just got done with clubbing or meeting some friends and want to get some grub at a decent price, this would be my first choice. Yep, and I said grub :) So don't expect any fine-dining steakhouse quality, but it's a great fixer at 2am in the morning when you don't want to settle with pizza or McDonalds.

In fact, I'd give the food more credit than just that. It's a lively little place to chat and enjoy a good dish while at it. The Steak and eggs portion are really great for the price. It's definitely filling and the steak is juicy and well-cooked. The service is what you expect at a casino; fast and friendly. 

My only complaint would be that Ellis Island is really showing its age. I don't know how old the building is but everything, including the casino, interior, and restaurant just seems a little aged. But of course, that can be charming as well, just depends how you look at it.

So where am I gonna go after I see Deadmau5 or Redfoo at Marquee at 2am in the morning? This place of course! Also, now that I think about it, it's probably even walking distance from Marquee (Although being a pedestrian at 2 in the morning on the Las Vegas Strip is probably not a good idea).
My favorite housemade root beer in town, 2 bucks for a big ole glass. It's really good.
This place is great if you go with the right expectations.  The service is pretty poor but everything else is amazing.  $5 black jack tables on a Friday night and an amazing steak and egg breakfast special.  Not only is it really cheap ($5.99) but it is really good!
The wait here for the BBQ restaurant can be over 2 hrs long. It seems better between 2 and 4pm. They have their own brewery. This is dive-y feeling casino with a few hipsters around. It's very mellow, though feels darker then most other places. During the warmer times of the year they have outdoor events, like hot dog eating contests. They steak house here is also very good, with a minimal line. This is a must try place in LV. One of my favorite.
The party that Ellis Island hosted was one of the highlights of my Yelp Spring Break trip!

I had never heard of this place, it's off the strip (but not by much), older, and divey. They were hosting a BBQ that us yelpers were invited to as part of our trip. For $5 each, we got a combo of a choice of ribs, burger, hot dog, or turkey leg, potato salad, and corn on the cob. Plus, there was free beer and Malibu shots all night. Can you see why we all decided to come here?

We rounded up a crew of elites and made our way over. Of course I had to get the turkey leg, because, when do you ever get to walk around biting from a big ol' turkey leg?? It was great but the ribs were my favorite, with a sweet, smoky flavor and falling off the bone. As others here have said, good BBQ is hard to find and Ellis Island really makes themselves stand out. 

We signed up for the players club so we could enter a raffle, and we got to watch a hot dog eating contest, dance, get more free beers, and just hang out. I didn't gamble, but the casino is darker and smaller than most casinos. Staff was very friendly and welcoming to us, too. I would definitely come back here for the summer events they host, or just for the food! Great BBQ, cheapness, hospitality, and great times.
Beer and BBQ: two of my very favorite things in life.  Lucky for me, Ellis Island serves up both for a great price!  

I went to their summer kick-off beach party, where us Elite Yelpers were treated to a fab VIP section and great deals.  They really took care of us!  They offered a choice of BBQ selections and sides - I chose the ribs with corn and coleslaw.  I admit, I had been drinking, and when I'm drinking everything tastes amazing, but daaaaaaamn, those were some good ribs!  They were perfectly sauced and cooked just right.  Their regular beer prices are super reasonable, and their beer is brewed right there on-site.  I'm from Portland, aka Microbrew Capital of the World, so their beers didn't rock my world, but they were still pretty good.  I tried their hard lemonade though, and I had to put it down - icky.  

The casino is smaller and definitely more dive-y, but they've got some of the newer slots and low-limit table games. I had a great time while I was here and I'll definitely be back.
I came here for a yelp elite event and had a great time! We went on a Saturday for a "beach" party. Drinks were on the house at the outside bar they had set up and food was $5 for ribs, polish sausage, hot dog, or a giant turkey leg. Meat came with a small corn on the cob and a small side of potato salad. Food was cheap and tasty. The turkey leg was huge and super tasty! Corn and potato salad were done just right. Especially the potato salad! The beer was okay. It is brewed on site but was lacking some flavor. The IPAD was a bit too light. The Weiss was good in flavor but needed a little more of a kick. 
I tried some of the pizza inside as well. It was great! I ordered the cheese and also had a slice of mushroom because it was so amazing!
The atmosphere is nice inside. Small and quaint. A few black jack tables. One roulette table and a ton of slot machines.
Thanks for a great time and reasonable prices! I will return for sure!!
I thought by day 3/4 in our Vegas trip I would be totally spent, but something about Ellis island infused me with all sorts of energy.  Maybe it was the gigantic turkey leg, maybe it was the raffle with tons of gifts, or maybe it was the free beer.  All I can say is, it WASN'T the hot dog eating contest... as cool as it was to watch, I felt physically ill and I wasn't even participating!

What Ellis Island may lack in the big strip pizazz, it makes up for in charm and guile.  Cheap, delicious food, karakoe, and a super friendly staff all make for a great experience.  We were fortunate enough to meet Mike who was running the event we attended, and he was a total boss.  We were totally taken care of, and even obliged in our ridiculous scavenger hunt requests.  

I know that Vegas is known for good customer service, but I guess I just did not expect to be so warmly welcomed throughout my stay.  This event was just a great example of the kind of things I enjoy;  a backyard BBQ feel with a live band, great food, great friends, and a fantastic host.  I even won some money at the Blackjack table.  It doesn't get any better than this.  

Turkey Leg!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=SICcD3aU6LmtyFMrWrAQKA
Went here with co-workers. One of them got the King Cut Prime Rib, and BOY OH BOY, that thing was huge! I don't know how he finished all the meat. Of course, I got seafood, and didn't get red meat (I know, I don't know why, especially when this place is known for its red meat). I enjoyed our time there, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, it was a late Friday afternoon (5pm). Enjoyed shrimp alfredo and got out of there. Didn't realize there was a free beer with certain orders, I would have gotten that, had I known. Was tired, and after a long workday this place worked.
I keep thinking I've already reviewed Ellis Island.

This is our go to place for steak and eggs. I've yet to find a better deal that doesn't require you to go at odd hours. No having to wait for the midnight special. Gotta love that!

The service is friendly. The wait can be long depending on when you get here. The longest we've waited was probably 45 minutes. Our last visit, the service wasn't so stellar as they server didn't even bother to check in on us and refill out waters. She also practically took the cash from my hands while my companions and I are still figuring out the bill. 

So the brewery part, I've only tried their rootbeer so far and I must admit that I love it. If you're used to commercial rootbeer, this might not be right for you.

The casino itself is pretty decent. Good mix of new and old slot machines with a few table games here and there.

Side note: They also hosted Elite Yelpers for the Yelp Spring Break :)
Wait, there's more to Vegas than the Strip? You've got to be kidding me.

Ellis Island was a partner for our Yelp Spring Break experience, and so we came here on a Saturday evening to enjoy a night of BBQ, free beer, a hot dog eating contest, and live music. It's an unassuming place, with a patio that feels like a backyard, but Mike the owner made us feel welcome and was an incredible host. A limbo contest and small casino with low minimums provided more entertainment for our low-key night!
This is the best steak you're gonna find for under $20....for under $10 (6.99 + a $2 drink).  

Also, the beers are great tasting and you won't find a cheaper beer.  $1.50-2 for a tall one....just don't be a cheap ass with your tips...to get full and drunk in this place can be had on a $20 bill.

BUT

You have to deal with a usually long wait for a table, even when there are tons of obviously open tables....

Bad service....this is hit or miss, sometimes you get great service, other times you get horrible service.  Your steak WILL come out underdone a degree, so if you are like me and enjoy medium rare steaks,  order medium.

Old and smelly location....looks and smells like old vegas in here.  Reeks of smoke and old people.

But if you can look past all the good, the food and drink make it worth your while
$7.99 for a 12oz sirloin steak with a baked potato , green beans, salad, and a beer.  If this doesn't scream cheap airline crew layover spot, I don't know what does.

The kicker is the steak was cooked exactly as ordered, the potato was huge, the green beans had a great garlic seasoning mixed in, and the house beer was cold and tasty... for $10 with the tip... seriously.
BBQ was AWESOME! 
Wait us usually long, plan about an hour to get seated. They start taking names at 3, opens at 4pm. Seating area is small, booths good for parties of 2-4. 21+ only!

For Club members 12.99 gets you a rack of ribs, corn on the cob, beans and cole slaw! What could be better! Ribs were meaty! BBQ was great! Micro Brew beers were $2!! Totally worth the wait! Definitely will be back next time I am in town!!
Good food. Cheap
Yes, this may be one of the smokiest places in Vegas but it is also one of the best. My hidden little jewel off of the strip :) The food is cheap and soooo good. Steak is always cooked to order. And the beer ... I am not a beer person but YAY! I cannot go to LV without making a stop here.
Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is one of those cool off-strip casinos that is close enough to the action without being overrun by tourists.  It's for locals and tourists alike.  We came on a Saturday as part of Yelp Spring Break and enjoyed a BBQ and beer.  There was a live band, food trucks, and our awesome host Mike.  The slots are loose here and the blackjack table we were at was HOT.  

It's a great place to come and enjoy a few hours or a few days.  Apparently they have an awesome $5.99 steak and eggs special.  Who knew?  Not this gal.  TIL.  Thanks for the memories Ellis Island!
Well. What can I say about Ellis Island.  Trashy casino slightly off the strip.  Let's break this down.

First, I stopped by several years ago with my fam bam because Dad read that they had good pizza at Metro Pizza. My mom put one foot in the door and immediately turned around and said let's go.  We'll get back to this.

I came again around 7am a few nights ago for some steak and eggs, recommended by the valet at Artisan Boutique Nightclub/Hotel, and by our cab driver.  This is apparently where every cab driver comes for their steak and eggs, $5.99.  The food was nothing to write home about, very standard.  Clientele was ALL cab drivers, divided into various ethnic groups, telling outrageous cab stories.  I did feel a little awkward, my friend and I being the only girls in there for awhile, and being stared down by the cab drivers.  The waitress was attentive, and she knew the cabbies like regulars.  We easily scored a cab home (this comment will make sense in a bit).  I would have rather gone to the Peppermill.

The next night we came back to sample the pizza (since my dad said it was good years ago) and check out the karaoke bar.  Metro Pizza is 2 for 1 large pizza's on Sundays. Good deal if you ask me.  There is however, no place to sit and eat your pizza.  You can sit in the adjacent booths only after 10pm, because they are really only for the BBQ place.  I thought the pizza was pretty good, but I would have rather had it delivered to my room.

The real irony came when we were unable to find a taxi after our pizza feast. Not a single one to be found. There were 20+ drivers there not 14hrs ago! We walked to the hotel next door, and they called a cab for us and some other folks.  One showed up about 25 minutes later, and he told us to walk to the 7-11, that there were 2 sitting there. Make sure you have a ride home, because this place is not on the regular taxi circuit.

To sum it up, I would not come back unless I had to, and I would have their pizza delivered to my lazy butt.
this 5 star review is only for the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast that they serve in their little restaurant every day after midnight til the wee hours in the morning.  You can also get a steak dinner for 7.99 if memory serves me right.

Talk about a hidden local gem.

If you are hankering for that cheap breakfast deal in the middle of the night - head over to Ellis Island Casino, which is a few blocks off the strip.

It's a decent size ny strip steak, eggs cooked to your preference, potatoes and toast.  Yes - it's not Prime restaurant worthy steak, but it's not bad considering it's a decent cut of steak.

The dining room can get kinda full on the weekends - obviously a lot of people come stumbling in here after a hard night of partying....so keep that in mind when you come looking for a deal in the middle of the night.
My friends and I were looking for a good place for Karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were recommended Ellis Island by the concierge of our hotel. Not far from the strip, the place is small and a dive which is fine. We got there just as a contest was beginning and as far as the Karaoke was concerned, it was fun and engaging.

The service and the drinks however...left a lot to be desired. If you go, order beer because they pour the weakest mixed drinks...ever!!!! In fact calling them mixed drinks is an insult to mixed drinks. We were a little buzzed when we got there and and literally sobered up after drinking their pathetic offerings.

I ordered a white Russian and when it arrived I was treated to a glass of cream and ice with about a 16th of an inch of Kahlua at the bottom and no discernible vodka. The smallest strip of liquor I've ever seen in a drink claiming to be a white Russian. 

I hadn't been paying attention when the waitress dropped it off so I had to wait for her to make the rounds again to draw her attention to it. When she finally made it back, I showed her and she told me that it "comes out of the gun like that". So this "full bar" is using premixed white Russian concoctions? No. It didn't occur to me until later that of course she was lying because you can't get a mixed drink like that to pour separately out of a gun, it would be a solid color and I wouldn't have seen the paper thin stripe of Kahlua at the bottom. So I gave her the drink and asked her to take it off the bill and she left.

She comes back a few minutes later with the drink and tells me she told the manager and they added a free shot of Kahlua to it and now the strip is gone like they stirred it. So benefit of the doubt, I'm thinking it looks like they're trying to make things right. I take a sip and it's like drinking slightly sweetened cream in ice. No hint of alcohol in the slightest.

Meanwhile, my friend had ordered an Adios Mother F****r which should have been named a 'See Ya later, Pal' because like my drink, his didn't even had stiff language in it. He kept his though after watching the little dance I was doing with the waitress. 

When she returned again, I told her that the drink was still horrible. I didn't want it. The glass was still full and to take it back. She did and mostly avoided our table the rest of the evening. At one point she came by and asked my friend if he wanted another and he told her he'd rather not pay $11 for another blue lemonade.

I don't know about the food everyone else talked about on Yelp because after 9 they only served a small list of appetizers that were okay from our sampling in the karaoke area. Nothing I would worry about getting again but not the worst I ever had. The Karaoke was fun and the singers were actually a mixture of really good and really bad,..basically what you want from karaoke.

When she finally brought the check, there was the white Russian living large at full price for all to see. It had not been removed and no manager ever came by to see what he could do. They just didn't give a crap whether we came back or if we told anyone or EVERYONE on the internet how crappy it was.

So the bottom line is: if you go, drink beer and NOTHING ELSE because they will completely screw you as evidenced with them trying to charge me for a small glass of cream that may or may not at one time have been sitting next some alcohol but the inside of the glass never saw any.

But if you want to Karaoke, there are plenty of places you can go where they might respect their customers at least a little and/or be aware that there is this thing called the internet where people will tell other people how poorly(pourly?) they think of the people they expect money from.
Prime rib was great, and only $12, big selection, great beer! Will be back every time were out here!
This is a place that may not be everyone, but I love it.  

They coupon heavily...in both the Las Vegas Advisor and the Casino Guide.  They let you use multiple BOGO coupons at the same table and the free drink coupons (5 or 6) depending on the book are heavy pours.  It is a brewery and the beers are excellent at $2 each.

The food is pretty solid.  I am particularly fond of the Prime Rib.  The service is above average, but do realize that this is a local working class joint.

The group running the KARAOKE are pro's.  I know that Vegas is not the mecca or KAROAKE towns, but if you want to do it come here.

Also kid friendly in the cafe!

I know that it is connected to the Super 8, but this place is FUN!
Ellis Island, you are dead to me!

Oh Ellis Island, I have been a fan for over 10 years. I have been a loyal customer. I have sung your praises from mountain tops. I brought my friends to enjoy the goodness (or should I say former goodness) of your $7.99 steak dinner. But no more! After the experience I had last night, you are indeed now dead to me and hopefully to all the people who read this review.

Ellis Island, I stuck with the even after you continually raised the price of your steak dinner from $4.99 to $5.99 to $6.99 to what it is now $7.99.

Ellis Island, I stuck with you despite the increasingly awful service...your employees have no sense of urgency nor do they understand customer service.

Ellis Island, I stuck with you even after finding out that your "center cut sirloin" is indeed just beef scraps combined with meat glue, rolled up into a loaf and cut into "steaks."

But, after the experience I had last night with your obnoxious, insensitive, offensive, bully of a restaurant manager I will never visit your establishment again.

I arrived on a Monday night at 9:15pm very excited and hungry. I was really looking forward to a "steak" dinner. We were unenthusiastically "greeted" by a hostess who told us there was a 20 minute wait. Odd, the restaurant was more than half empty...in fact the casino was almost empty. The hostess then directed my attention to a printer paper sign stating the kitchen is being cleaned and anyone who arrives after 9:30 pm will only be able to order off of a limited menu. As we were given a 20 minute wait time I asked the hostess if we would be able to get the steak dinner...she said no. I told her we were there now and if we were seated by 9:30, the supposed cut off time, would we be able to order the steak dinner...she said no. I explained we came specifically for the steak dinner, having walked from the strip, and asked if there was any way we could get the steak dinner...she said no. I then asked to speak to the manager.

After a long wait the manager finally arrived...with a security guard. Really, a security guard? Please look at my Yelp picture...do I look like a threat? The manager stood about 2 inches from my face and proceeded to tell me No over and over again. He kept interrupting me when I pointed out his restaurant was empty, that the hostess was specifically giving wait times so that that people would have to order off the limited menu, etc. I told him his manner and policies were completely unacceptable. I finally just asked, "Am I going to be able to order a steak dinner?" He got even closer to me and yelled, "No!" I then informed him that I would make sure to tell everyone about this terrible experience and he yelled in a close and threatening manner, "Don't threaten me!" I told him that I was not threatening, just informing him that this is what is going to happen and this is what happens when people receive horrible customer service like this. We then walked out, while the manager continued to yell at us.

Amazing! I have never had an experience like this. Just an FYI to you my Yelp friends...this is the experience you can expect from Ellis Island. Inferior food, inferior service, all served up to you by a manager who is a bully. Enter at your own risk.
If you're looking for an inexpensive yet yummy breakfast or dinner near the strip, look no further! Their steak and eggs are delicious! We ate here twice during our stay. We will definitely be returning on our next Vegas trip. The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because both times we arrived the hostess clearly saw us but it took her a good 5 minutes to acknowledge us. A simple "I'll be right with you" would have been much appreciated. The waitresses are very nice!
Since writing my initial review, I have been in conversation with a representative of Ellis Island who has offered to make things right during my next Vegas trip. Not sure when that would be but they did reach out and make the offer, so that's something anyway. Shows that someone there is concerned with how costumers are treated so maybe next time.......
I recommend EI for locals and tourists that are seeking a genuinely FUN night! Inexpensive drinks, great pizza, small comfortable atmosphere, and most importantly, the Karaoke! Extensive song selections, supportive crowd, it's like home. Plus there are frequent visits from local celebrities like Joey Fatone! :)
Hands down, best STEAK and Egg place in Vegas. Wayy better than buffalo bills! I heard about this place from my roommate and decided to try it. I am not really sure if I like it because of the price but this is my go to steak and eggs place in Vegas.
My new favorite late night spot in Vegas. $7.99 for a sirloin dinner with salad & root beer/beer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tE6wusQQtmsG3r5NyN7EQg)? Or how about $12.99 for a delicious prime rib dinner (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=AiG3iREeIJLCS2y5QjLU3Q)? 

Win or lose at the tables, you're sure to win here at Ellis Island Cafe. The steak and prime rib, especially the latter, are so tender and juicy. The prime rib might as well come out of one of the buffets from the elite resorts on the strip. Each bite you take, you just wonder to yourself how the hell this is so cheap? The service is great, staff's always attentive and friendly. If you want meat in the wee hours of the morning, skip Earl's and get yourself a real meal for the same price.
I skipped Ellis Island Casino & Brewery because of the negative reviews with no feedback from ownership - especially Carrie D.'s where the manager came out to yell at her with a security guard. 

Seriously, look at her picture - he needed a security guard?
Came here for steak & eggs for 5.79. Such a good deal. Food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing. It was pretty packed even at 5 in the morning.
scary.

pretty damn scary.

I know this is Vegas but these are the places where you can feel the gambling addiction running through the place like a current, the crowd was tense, manic and the smell of desperation wafted through stronger than the pumped in air over the smoke.

I feel bad to write this to be honest, the staff I spoke to before we went were really nice but once we slipped inside, this place was WHACK!

You know those movies where people are just 'in the background' trying to not look at the camera? Well those people come and sing karaoke and gamble here.

We slid in on a weeknight around 11pm to see about karaoke and found that the book was pretty sparse.  The singers were taking it all WAY too seriously for a place like this and the host said it'd be an hour or more to get on the rotation.

Um, not for us, sorry.
Is this where I rate the juicy BBQ? 

Is this where I rate the only place in Vegas where I can get a half portion of juicy BBQ chicken and ribs with 2 pieces of buttered toast, cole slaw, baked beans, and a side of corn for a whopping $10??

HOLY MOLEY. Cheap EATS in vegas is a miracle! Not only was it affordable, but it was also deliciously filling.
I come here to get my Steak and Eggs fix!  Pretty good for the price.
Best ribs around. I'm not a drinker, but they do make their own pretty good root beer. You must get to this place around 430-5pm because otherwise there will be a wait up to 2 hours. All my friends hit this place up each visit. Love that its off the strip (1block) and close enough that you dont get lost on your journey. The restaurant inside is great too, but I dont come here for that.
OK, moving it to two stars because the Marketing Manager at Ellis Island sent me a note that he's looking into what happened with Carrie D. 

I'll keep you posted!
Contacted by a marketing person from Ellis Island for more info about the incident. I responded...then never heard another word. Really think they do not care about customer service. Clearly enough people show up for the cheap food. Whatever...just sad.
My steak was good. My friends burgers sucked. Not like it use to be.
So you don't have a lot of money to spend on dinner because you lots almost all your money on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine, so what are you going to have for dinner?  Well, you need to come to Ellis Island and check it out.  The only thing I've ordered from here is the $12.99 Prime Rib dinner.  I love love love me some prime rib and this place does not disappoint.  The portion is very decent, it comes with a side of garlic green beans and your choice of baked potato, fries, and I think a few other things.  You get your choice of soup or salad. And the best thing for me is their house brewed root beer.(I'm not a fan of beer)  My Bf always goes for the beer since you have your choice.  Oh, and if you want to order another beer or root beer, it's only $2.25!

The service is hit or miss.  The first time we came here, it wasn't too good.  But the second time around, we had the same waiter and it was really good.  Now the only bad thing is the wait, sometimes it's long, sometimes it's not.  I believe it depends on what time you come and how many people are in your party.  We came the second time around 9pm and were told that it would be a 35min wait.  Less then 10 min later, we were seated.

They have a huge variety of food, so if you're not a prime rib person like I am, they have filet, fried chicken, breakfast, fish, appitizers.  Basically American food.  Everything is reasonably priced and you can't go wrong coming here.
Came out to Vegas on vacation with friends.  We stumbled on this casino/restaurant by walking to it from the Condo we were staying at.  All i can say was we ate there for dinner every night.  The steak, the pot roast and bbq was hands down awesome!  I will definitely be there when i come out to Vegas again.  The service was great!  We had no problems with getting seated right away even on busy nights.  But like most of the reviews on here, some do get into snags.  My experience was great!
Best place to eat breakfast or BBQ in Vegas.  Great food and great price, it can't be beat.  Trust me try this place!
4 Stars for reasonable prices, good food, and one of the managers, Bob for overcoming the poor customer service of one individual, Sabrina.

Six of us were seated at a booth.  When the above aforementioned employee approached to take our order I advised her that my wife and I will be on a separate ticket.  She said that she was not able to do that because we were all seated at the same booth.  I asked that if we were seated at the booth next to this one we could be on a separate ticket, she told me "yep".  I asked what the difference was that we were here and not there, without explaining why she just came our with "it's policy, and is written right in the menu".  I told her then we wont be returning.  Her response is the exact reason why honest working people employed in less desirable positions get a bad rap.  Their mindset is this ain't my place so what do I care if you come back or not.
Some friends and I went to Ellis Island to get our Sandwich and EIB or Root Beer last night. Well I decided that I wanted a Sandwich and waited in line at the Board-House. It was busy and when it was my turn I ordered the BBQ Chicken with no tomatoes and lettuce. She took my order and my coupon and did not ask me what my name was. I stood there the whole time watching what was the so called Manager make all the sandwiches. It was apparent that there was no more chicken to make the rest of the BBQ Chicken sandwich orders and he told his employee that he is going to be out of chicken. So I stood there to see if I was one of them that might not get my BBQ Chicken due to the sudden lack of chicken. I walked a way for a few minuets to ask my friends if they wanted my free beverage because I don't do beer and root beer. They said yes and I went back to ask the not so friendly cashier if I could have a half root beer half light beer and also asked her how much longer will i have to wait. She asked my name and when I told her Jon she said that they have been calling me for the past 10 mins. I told her how could that be because I have been standing her watching for the past 10 mins and no one called me to tell me that there would be no more chicken. I explained to all of them that the manager told the other person about the lack of chicken for the rest of the orders but no one called me to tell me. They also messed up on an order for the BBQ chicken sandwich. This gentlemen was supposed to get a whole and they made him a half. The bottom line is they messed up and did not want to admit to their mistake. If the cashier did call my name she is blind as a bat because I was standing right there to her right of her cash register the whole time and she never called me. Their solution was to call the casino security to have me removed. They tried to offer me a free item off their menu. They told my friends brother that they would be happy to make me anything off their menu. They could not come up to me to apologize or face me in person. Right before we left Ellis Island the cashier passed me to go to the restroom and gave me such a dirty look. I hope the owners read this and do something to correct the attitudes of their employees. They have no reason to call me a liar.
We found this by chance using Yelp to search for prime rib within walking distance of our hotel !!  What a find, we had some of the best prime rib for the money.  Bake potato, salad green beans and a beer for 12.99 can't go wrong !!
Go to the restaurant for the $13 king cut prime rib (Crispy meat plus you get a free beer)
There drinks are cheap, the staff is super friendly, and the karaoke is awesome! I'm from DC originally and our karaoke bars back east pale in comparison to this place. It's loud, obnoxious, and rowdy in all the right ways like any karaoke place should be! Be careful on the cursing though; I sang summer nights with a friend and almost got kicked off stage because I kept forgetting my words and supplementing with that famous four letter word!
On a Monday night, I tried the steak dinner for 10. 

- Great deal! Not the best taste, but it gets me full and satisfied. comes also with dinner rolls, a salad, your choice of potato (i chose baked), and green beans. oh yes, and a beer (i got hef) or root beer. 
- steak prepared how i ordered it! unlike coronado's, ellis island made a medium perfectly. juicy and delicious. 
- decor looks like a place for pirates than a land of opportunity for immigrants. lol. boats shooting boats. 
- quick service. i got my food in time without getting grumpy. 
- Overall, a 4 star for good price and friendly service.
This is where the locals go! For six bucks, you can get a good ol' fashioned steak and eggs with toast and they are pretty good :)  Which was very surprising! I have paid triple that at other "on the strip" casinos, and they weren't as good at all.

The good thing about this place is that it is not far from the strip, but you will still have to drive or get a cab to get here. Good service, good prices, and good food!

I'm a fan! 

Side note: I always use to see big deals on billboards on the way to Vegas, advertising a Steak breakfast at around this price and never thought it would be any good. I am glad I was wrong! At least I know that I can count on Ellis Island!
Yelping around Vegas for some delicious craft beer, I came across Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.  We had some time to kill before check-in at our hotel so we wandered over here for some quick gambling and drinking to get the party started.  The place is a typical, old, off-strip casino.  The vibe is old and stale but it's nice that it's off the grid and cheap.  I sat at the bar and asked if they had samples of their beer so I could try them all and the bartender basically laughed at me.  I settled for a house brewed IPA in lieu of having ALL THE BEERS and was asked for $2.  $2 for a 20 ounce beer?!?  HEAVEN!  And then I tried it...it wasn't a BAD beer by any means, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near hoppy enough to be considered an IPA for me.  There was just not much flavor and it basically tasted like an everyday lighter ale.  Would I rather drink a $2 house brewed craft beer, albeit without hops, as opposed to a shitty domestic for $5 elsewhere?  HELL YES.  But I definitely wouldn't make the trip back out here just for the beer.
Holy SMOKE, this place had so much cigarrette smoke in the air it looked hazy.  It made the dining less enjoyable.  We went for the famous "Steak Special". And I must say it was pretty darn good.  The green beans and mash potatoes that accompanied it was enjoyable as well.
Was in Vegas for a few days (3) checked ellis out and became a instant fan...walking distance from the flamingo hotel... had dinner twice ... great prices and tasty food.
This was the 3rd time I went to eat at there BBQ area, RIBS ARE TO DIE FOR! 


Down fall is the lady explained it was a hour wait time, which is no big deal we went to the casino and gambled. My mother came and found us 20 mins later and explained they called our number which we could not hear, and it was not 1 hour later which was good to eat early but we didn't expect our number to be called and if it wasn't for my mother we would have missed out! Also service kinda sucks if you want refills or the check you will wait a long long time.
Great BBQ! I love there ribs and chicken combo. The beans, corn on the cob and slaw are also very good. I usually get a $2 ipa with my meal and its all the better NO CHILDREN ALLOWED! Please plan accordingly. Make sure you get there early I came in 1 night around 8 and BBQ was all gone.
Ellis Island is not a big casino but a little off the strip so its not as busy or hard to get too. The prices of the food and cheap brewed beer were acceptable. They have a karaoke bar which was rocking the house down! Seemed fun but i was there for the food :-D. I was expecting a great 4-5 star experience, but sadly it couldn't make it.

I am a patient person and I do not mind if the waiter is busy helping other guests, but the fact that the waiter consecutively did not acknowledge my presence made me sad. I was ready to order a beer but since my two friends ordered water, the waiter assumed that i would have ordered water as well and walked away :( . Once the waiter came back I asked him what selection of beer he had and if he had anything similar to Blue Moon. He mentioned some beer and he walked away again. :'(. I gave up on the beer and decided to try their appetizers. 

I had ordered the Texas chili cheese fries, and the potatoes skins along with the chicken fried chicken. The chili and the cheese did not look appetizing and smelled kinda funny. The meet from the chili stuck to the cheese and was very awkward. The potato skins were salty, and kinda hard. The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING, but i was getting full from the weird appetizers from earlier. 

After the main course we decided to order dessert. "The Really Big Ice Cream Chocolate Brownie Thingy" had immediately caught our attention. Sad to say, it did not live up to it's standards. There was ice cream, a brownie, and it did look like a thingy. 

Overall everyone has a different experience, but you should come out and try it out for yourselves. I'll just make sure the waiter KNOWS i am aware of them lol. :-{D!
Sometimes I miss the Vegas I used to know, when buffets were less than $10.  It's getting harder to find those cheap meals.  Sahara used to have $7.99 Prime Rib dinners and $1.99 breakfast buffets, but Sahara is all shuttered up now. **SIGH** 

It was getting late and I wanted to get a decent, inexpensive meal.  I wanted to see if I can get a cheap steak dinner. So, I did a quick search on the Yelp Mobile and I got a hit...Ellis Island Casino had $6.99 steak dinners.  Score!

Ellis Island is located on Koval, the backside of the strip.  It was almost 10PM, but the restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  The place is pretty divey, but I loved it since it reminded me of how the Vegas restaurants looked liked when I would visit when I was little.  Very nostalgic.  

Turns out the steak dinner is $7.99 now, but that's still a bargin.  Sizzler's is still more expensive than that.  The steak was only the size of my fist, but it comes with a baked potato and green beans (which they didn't overcook, thank goodness).  The quality was no Morton's or Ruth Chris, but hey, for the price, it filled me up and it was decent. I would come back if I am looking to satisfy my late night steak craving.
Best steak special in Vegas!!!  I live in the mid-west (KS) and have my share of great steaks.  $100 steak in KC on the Plaza, home raised steak you name.....Ellis Island is good as all of them!
Never go here. Went to the karaoke bar and the service was terrible. The people in the bar are mostly vagrants and degenerates. The karaoke dj (travis) only lets you sing if you give him money. After our party repeatedly gave him cash in his giant blue cup he continually moved our names back and asked for more money. Its the shadiest of all shady in Las Vegas. I am a born and raised local concierge and after the first time going in I will make sure to inform every person that asks about Ellis island that they should never go here. The extortion of money to participate in karaoke and the extremely unsafe environment that guests are subjected to is not a situation i would ever let anyone be subject to. last but not least there were a ton of underage kids slamming shots in the karaoke bar that the Dj guy (travis) was hanging out with, seemed like his friends. Embarrassing for Las Vegas.  HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL AND ILLEGAL.
Cheap eats in their cafe and cheap gaming options make this place worth a visit. Sign up and get free play = leaving full both in your wallet and gut!
Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer!

This off strip casino is a hidden gem. They have the best karaoke bar in the city and absolutely the best rack of ribs around!

Be prepared to wait to get seated as it is very small but it will be worth it. Trust me. 
The only items on the menu are chicken, ribs or ribs and chicken combo. That's it, folks. 

I usually just get the full rack but I have tried the chicken before and it is definitely damn good. The sides offered are a whole ear of corn, beans, slaw and toasty bread. 

I've recommended this place to out of towners and they always come back here when in town!

P.S- they have a brewery in house and I recommend the Heffeweisen as a personal favorite!
It's the place like to drag a showgirl back to at 3am for a meal (but I honestly don't know if they're open at 3am)  
I like it just at the beginning of an evening - dusk.  
This place is kinda dark and creepy - this is the Las Vegas you've read about.  
Order the Steak Dinner that's off the menu.  Mine was about 10 oz, two sides, a beer and pie for $7.99. And it all tastes great (as long as you remember this is Seedy Vegas)
Hmm... 

I have many a dilemma with Ellis Island. First off, the prime rib special there is excellent. The ribs and chicken combo at the brewery is one of the best deals out there. You receive free play instantly when you sign up. I lost a ton of money here. Okay let's not retread on the bad memories.

The food is what you get when you come here. The games have pretty bad payouts, and I don't remember seeing many people win here. The whole atmosphere is kind of sad and there are much older people here than some of the other casinos. Parking is abundant though, and signing up for a free player's card is easy and quick. I would say not to get the 10oz steak here though. It was the only disappointing food that I tried it. I asked for medium and it was waaaaay too well done. 

Other than the disappointing steak and lose of money, Ellis Island and its prime rib is now a staple on my Vegas trips.
Ok I get that you want to keep this place OG and all BUT...this place is durrrty and freaken stinks....
BUT 3 stars for the bomb.com steak and eggs and prime rib special :) 
Next time Ill try the BBQ.
I honestly was not impressed with this place at all. I knew the hype was all about the steak and eggs, so that's exactly what I ordered.

I ordered my steak medium, and it as definitely overcooked. Everything else seemed fine though (eggs and hash browns.) I also ordered a large glass of orange juice-- which was a whopping $3? My friend ordered country fried steak and it was slobbered with gravy as it should be and but that seemed tastier than my overcooked steak.

Service was terribly slow. I saw a lot of tables left dirty for a long duration before they were cleaned up. I'm sure as a hole-in-the-wall Vegas gem, the hype of this place won't ever go down though.
Love this place! Old school vegas, and the BEST beer deal in all of Las Vegas (that I know of!). Beerwise: quality, price (non-bud drinker here - beer snob if you will!). And the 2 for 1 pizza specials at the Metro pizza inside is fab. Oh, and nice lounge with killer Karaoke, free parking, motel next to it, close to strip, hardly any VIP booths, etc. :-)
I am quickly realizing that the best places in Las Vegas to visit are all off-strip (see: Pinball Hall of Fame)

This place has some solid steak and eggs and for cheap (under $10 including tax). 

Our waitress was attentive and I WISH that it had been the afternoon when we went because I am impressed with the idea of a brewery in a casino and would have loved to try their beer. Sadly, it was 8 AM, far too early to be drinking beer :'( next time

Edit: I have been back here again and it is still well-priced and thus popular with the locals. If you go at a more popular time for breakfast such as 10AM, prepare for a longer wait (45 minutes)? But otherwise, food and service is still excellent.
We heard about the 5.99 steak & eggs special and couldn't resist coming here. The place is in the middle of the casino. It wasn't very busy when we went, and the food was pretty good. It wasn't the best I've had, but for 5.99, you can't complain.
This place is a total gem that I can't believe I never knew of before. It looks like a dinky little run down place but here are the two things I love here:
1. Microbrews at less than $3 a pint (try their craft root beer, too!)
2. Gigantic delicious rib dinners with all the sides/trimmings for less than $15 (join their free players' membership for discounted dinners).

Rib dinner goers beware: they close at 10:00pm, meaning that THEY STOP SEATING AT 10:00pm EVEN IF YOU ARRIVE AND GET A NUMBER BEFOREHAND. Make sure to get there no later than 8:00pm if you want your number to get called. After that, the host will warn you that there is no guarantee of seating and you would have wasted 1.5-2 hours waiting. Their dining area is extremely small and our group barely slipped by before the cut-off. Whew! :)
I love this place!  It is much harder to get over here now that I have kids.  Some people look at this hidden gem nestled into the Super 8 motel as some dingy little casino.  I see it as one of the best deals close to the strip.  This is are "go to" place when we have guests in town.  I think it's funny when you are driving through the parking lot there is a sign that have the beer price and you can tell it's been changed many times.  I always joke with people that their beer prices are like the stock market.  

First let me talk about the beer.  They are pretty standard, Amber, IPA, Stout.  and you also have a root beer.  The beer isn't special but its a craft like beer that is cheap.  When you spend $12 on the strip for a 12oz corona you learn to appreciate this place.  They have a little lounge in the corner that has karaoke.  Let me warn you though,  it does tend to get pretty smokey on the weekends.  Also, every time I have been in the lounge there has been a homeless guy sitting at the bar.  Or, he might have been a truck driver.  Either way Ellis Island is for everyone!  It's not some secret hipster bar that serves strange drinks.  

I always heard about the food here.  We have only eaten here a couple times.  Is the food incredible?  Not really, but it's cheap and pretty good.  You can get a steak and beer at a really great price.  So, if you are in the area or neighborhood check this place out.  Cheers!
In a few words cheap, good, cheap, big portions, cheap, beer

So this review is a little late however still applicable since this place doesn't seem to change much. Vegas is a city of decadence and imagination. In such a place it is rare that one finds a location for cheap eats of huge portions that isn't McD's or ::insert chain::. In that respect this place was amazing. It was like stepping into stereotype land. I wouldn't have been surprised if fear and loathing had of be-bopped thru this place in a tweaking, Hawaiian shirt clad rumble. If they had it would have been remise to not stop and devour some cheap eats.

It takes awhile to get a seat here, especially on Thur-Sun, but once your in its all gravy, or bread? Well that's what they start you with, tons of bread! They have several specials where you can get a main item and a beer or drink. This is a ridiculous deal. The beer is gigantic and so is the food. A side of beef with potatoes and veggies. Classic. Nothing fancy just food that you would expect to get in an old vegas casino.

Definitely worth the time/money to be full before going out in Vegas. This is a new staple place for me in Vegas!
One of the best prime ribs I have ever had in my life! What a steal for that price. Love the vibe of this place and will be a must eat destination whenever Im in Vegas. Root beer prime rib dinner all the way! Oh and if you sign up for their players card you get free $10 slot play.  We ended up winning some money too so it ended up being almost a free dinner!
Okay.... don't judge a book by its cover.  This casino/brewery is kinda divey looking on the outside, and it is off-strip, so two strikes against it starting off, but it is totally worth the walk from the strip (behind Ballys).  Especially if you want great steak and egg or BBQ combos at a cheap price.  The cafe and bar both serve the Ellis Island Brewery beers even flights of all of their offerings and $2 craft beer pints.  The beers are pretty average, but I support the micro locals whenever I can.  I liked the Amber Ale the best follwed by the middle of the road IPA.

They have Karaoke going on in the casino bar if you are into that (some good some bad).
Note: This place has a BBQ restaurant and steak restaurant. This review is for the steak restaurant.

Wait: We arrived for dinner at around 7 PM on a Sunday. The wait was about a half hour for 2 people, but there are seats for you to sit while you wait.

Food: The portions were hearty. I had the Chicken Fried Steak (delicious but heavy on the salt and pepper) with mashed potatoes, salad, and mixed vegetables for $8.99. The husband had a 10 oz steak with beer, salad, mashed potatoes, and green beans. He said the beer was good. (This place also is a microbrewery.) I also had a slice of apple pie (for $3.99). There was a slight fishy smell (as if it was placed next to a bowl of steamed shrimp) and portions of the slice were either really warm or really cold, but that didn't bother me because I really did enjoy my dinner overall. :)

Atmosphere: The area around the establishment isn't as clean/safe as the Strip, so just be aware of your surroundings. It's not dangerous though. 

Service: Our server was Carol. She was quick, accommodating, friendly, and helpful.

Bottom line: I'd give this place a 4.5 but I'm rounding up to 5. (The -0.5 was for the atmosphere and the multi-temperature and fishy smelling apple pie.) The best thing about this place are the prices and portions. (Great value for your money!) It is a nice relief from the overpriced fare on the Strip. This place definitely is a hidden gem, and there is a very high likelihood I shall be returning.
$7.99 Off-Menu Steak Special: It's been written many times, but I have to repeat it again - this is a fantastic deal, and a truly quality meal. 

One of the best developments in the past decade of Vegasdom has been the arrival of America's top chefs, but I love to balance my Vegas trips between the pricier offerings and dirt cheap, classic meals of yore. While pretty much unavailable at the large strip casinos, if you're willing to wade into local territory, you'll find that few deals are as good as the steak special at Ellis Island.  

It's a nice (not Morton's nice, you greedy assholes, diner nice) slab of steak, a couple ounces more than what you'd see at Sizzler, along with crunchy, garlic green beans, steak cut fries (or baked or mashed potato), and a choice of beer or root beer. I tasted the root beer, which is far superior to the corn syrup version you might be used to, and I had the dark stout, which wasn't as dark as I like it, but fuck. Eight fucking dollars for the whole thing? I'll take it. 

***We only waited ten minutes, getting there on the late side of dinner, mid-week. I don't know that I'd want to wait more than a half hour for this, or anything, really. Lastly, the waitress was covering way more tables than most would have to, but she was great, and I enjoyed veering into a conversation with her about the perils of the LA-to-Vegas weekend drive.
This place really rocks! Although they are really busy, they get to you fast. They told us an hour wait, and about 30 minutes later, we got in. They seem to tell people a long wait even when it may not be.
The food is outstanding! Not much selection, but what you get is fresh, good quality, tasty stuff for a reasonable price. What more could you ask for?
I really liked my ribs and my wife enjoyed her chicken. If you don't mind the off-strip location and the pain-in-the-A parking, you will be rewarded with a pretty good dinner, especially for the price!
Awesome food and people! New Vegas fav.  The locals asked how did we find this...like it was supposed to be theirs alone.  Thank you, Yelp!
Cheap eats right off the strip.  I had the New York Strip with eggs for only $5.99.  Can't beat the price and the food was good.  This is more of a local hangout  but worth checking out.
Great place for locals & the best kareoke in town!! And the steak specials can't be beat!!
Everyone else has already said it -- they have an off the menu $8 steak special, which gets you a decent sized salad, a big slab of steak with potato and vegetable, and a tall cold pint of decent locally micro-brewed beer.  The best deal in Vegas? I should say so!!!

This place is walking distance from the Strip, and a much better value than what you've find a few blocks away.  I was confused when I first walked in, and didn't know where the restaurant was. It's NOT the barbeque area, where the big vats of beer are, with only a few tables.  It's a more conventional restaurant set-up, on the other side.  They don't take reservations and there is usually a wait, but there's a casino to spend your time in.

TIP: Sign up for a player's card. You get $10 in free play that you can use instantly. My suggestion? Play something with a relatively high payout like video poker; as soon as you use up the promotional value, you can begin cashing out anything that you earn on top of it. You can easily earn about 75 - 80% of the comp play back at every Vegas casino that gives you comps for signing up for their player's card.

I didn't see any cocktail waitresses while I was there -- but with $2 (actually good) beers and special $2 cocktails, do you really need them?
One of the best spots to grab a meal after a long night of partying in Vegas.
I usually all over the prime rib here. The prime rib here is delicious. Comes with a side and even a beer. I always wanted to try the beer but I'm usually done drinking for the night when I get here. Their root beer makes a good substitute and allows me to recover some life back in my night.
From one experience they didn't have prime rib for two straight nights. I learned my lesson and saved their number so I can always check if they're serving at some odd hour of the night. I started ordering the chicken fried chicken here. It is fried for a nice golden brown crisp and is really moist. I never had a bad experience here.
For those that want to go cheap, they always have the $4.99 steak and eggs. It really hits the spot on the cheap.
Service here can be slow even though it may not be that crowded. I usually come here pretty late in the night so I don't really expect speedy service. They just serve you your food and pretty much leave you alone.
For years everytime I have come to Vegas. I ask the cab drivers where they like to eat for cheap and good food. 1 of 3 always say Ellis Island. So I finally came here to try it out for lunch. I loved my food and service I received. They have a lot of options and like most places breakfast all day. And the one thing that will keep bringing me back. The micro brews they have here are some of the best. And for 2.50 a pint you can't go wrong. I will go out of my way to come here again the next stop on Vegas.
Good that I discovered this spot. Great $5.99 steak special. Everything is priced right, good portions. Open 24 hours. Fast and friendly service. What more can you ask for? Will be coming back all the time!!
What the hell, yelpers! I thought maybe the power of 4 stars and over 700 reviews could compel me to love this place. But I couldn't get past how amazingly terrible this place was! No matter how heavily intoxicated or hungover you are, eating here will still be a mistake.

Now don't get me wrong, I came in here with a positive attitude. Who wouldn't be excited for a legit meal that would cost me less than $10 especially in Vegas! So we wait about 45 minutes before we're finally seated. While walking through the restaurant to the back portion (to fit all 12 of us), I noticed half of the place was empty. So I was unsure as to why we waited 45 minutes for a table. Nevertheless, I brushed that aside, retaining my hope and ready for my 4 star meal. We all ordered the steak special. Simple right? Well no, because we waited an hour and a half for all our food. We were starving at this point. And when the food finally came, I just wanted to eat. Except, my knife could barely cut through my steak. It was so well done that the slab of meat on my plate was just hot rubber. I managed to eat half of my meal because I needed something to just keep my stomach as ease. But I was definitely not satisfied. Come to think of it, I don't think anyone at our table was happy with their meal. Some of my friends even went over the gas station next door to buy a bag of chips because of the emptiness Ellis Island left us with.

What's terrible here? The service, the food, the wait, the food. Just disappointed all around. But hey, have another star Ellis Island for being such an affordable place for people to come eat and gamble. Just don't expect me to come around again.
Ellis Island is the Vegas dream!  Everyone hears stories of cheap steak and eggs or prime rib, but Ellis Island is the definitive Vegas Value!

Not only is the food damn good, but it's a bargain!

Examples:

Prime Rib Dinner w/ baked potato and a beer under $14.

Steak Dinner w/ Sides and a beer under $9.

Whole Rack of Ribs w/ 3 sides under $14.

Chicken and 1/2 Rack of Rib Combo w/ 3 sides under $14.

These meals can definitely feed you for lunch or dinner with leftovers for drunk munchies late at night.

For a complete Vegas experience, check this place out!
Love this place! You can't beat the $7.99 steak and beer deal!You have to ask for it though since it is not on the menu!  It comes with a pretty decent filet, a choice of either soup or salad (broccoli cheese is my fav!) a side of green beans and your choice of potato side and also your choice of a tall house brewed beer or their own made root beer!!!  It gets very busy around dinner, so if you do not want to wait to be seated in the main dining room, you can ask to be seated at one of the tables in the bar area, a lot more room and much faster service! Everything I have tried has been great. Every time family or friends come out to Vegas for a visit, we always go!
First visit to Ellis Island, went for breakfast.  Great food and great prices!  I had the ham steak and eggs, my husband had the steak and eggs. Both were very good. Will be back.
You will probably die getting there, probably of stabbing or dehydration, but the steak special is worth it. Get off the strip and go! Just don't use the restroom, because you'll probably catch hepatitis.
People that rate this place high are cheap! It's a $8 steak with slow service to say the least! I only went off a friends recommendation! Bottom line you get what you pay for!!
Yelp, how could you have led me so horribly astray?!?

My husband and I decided to visit Ellis Island, based on Yelp reviews and our love of cheap food and beer. I even appreciate a good dive bar or a good hole-in-the-wall restaurant. But Yelp, you are wrong. So very wrong.

Other Yelpers have failed to mention that this place is in a terrifying location. It may only be 2 blocks off the strip (2 VERY long blocks, don't try to walk it), but the location is just awful. There's the vacant lot across the street, the cheap motel, and the dingy 7-11 next door. The amount of homeless people laying around outside was appalling. The whole experience was depressing. 

We didn't even stay to eat, because the whole place was just miserable. I'd rather pay a few more bucks for a beer on the Strip than subject myself to Ellis Island ever again.
Tasty ribs and cheap microbrews ... what more could a guy ask for? Perhaps a shorter wait. Not exactly a great date place, but hits the spot for a casual meal out with friends or loved ones.
This is the best value and the best kept secret in Las Vegas.  I hate to review it for fear I won't be able to get a table next time I am here!  The prices are going to throw you because of how low they are, but don't let that stop you!  You will be shocked by the amount of and quality of the food.
Wow! This place makes any loss in Loss Vegas just a little easier to deal with. The prices and food are outstanding. The staff is very fast and courteous. The food comes out fresh and hot, and the beers on tap are only two bux!! Great eats in Vegas baby!!
LOVE THIS PLACE !  I have been comming here for 10 years 
if you are on a budget , eat here ! eat here everyday . lol
The steak special is great , ( its not on the menu)   
the sour dough rolls are great , green beans are awesome 
I have had other things here and they are just as good . 
Everytime i go to vegas i must go to ellis island atleast once for a meal , even if its at 3 am :)
Very much a dive, but it's got character! Cheap beer and cheap food, helluva way to cure a hangover. These guys make okay beers and the staff is very friendly
It ain't the overpriced, over hyped LV Strip casino but one block off of the strip ya can't  beat it. Local prices for local people and its just behind Bally's parking lot. Highly recommend it.
Our first visit on our most recent trip coincided with a NFL game so I ordered chicken wings which were on special during the telecast at $2 per basket which included a mediocre blue cheese dressing.  The chicken wings, numbering 5 per order, were the smallest and most overcooked that I have ever eaten.  The one plus was the special included a small, 12-ounce, in-house brewed beer - a Weiss in my case.  

We returned a few mornings later and ordered our usual - cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs with wheat toast and breakfast potatoes for myself. Both dishes were very good and the prices are more than reasonable particularly since 2/1 entre coupons are available from the LVA and American Casino Guide.    Service continues to be better than what you will find in many higher priced coffee shops.
$12.99 for a full rack of baby back ribs!
Make sure you get the players card and print out a discount coupon first
Paired with the $2 hefeweizen. Delicious!!!
This little casino is like the greatest place to go for Ribs!!!!  I never would have thought to go to this casino if it weren't for a friend that told me about this place.  If you do decide to go, be prepared to wait because its so popular especially with the locals that there is always a line and you have to get a number.
Yet another place I decided to go to off reviews on Yelp. I was accompanied by 3 other people in my party.

From reading the reviews, I was expecting an older hotel. Once we arrived, sure thing the place smelled of old cigarettes and mold. After we got used to the smell, we ventured in looking for this "steak house". When I found it, I noticed it was a cafe and not a steak house at all. We got a number and waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. 

What's funny is that while we were waiting we noticed some other younger gentleman using their phones (noticed Yelp app) and I over heard them saying "This is the place?" I found it amusing.

My party was already laughing at me for finding this place, and even funnier is that an a hour earlier we were seated in a 5 star steak house having appetizers.

We got seated and I told my party "please order the prime rib or BBQ ribs, that is all that is popular on yelp." Against my advice 1 ordered a steak special and 1 ordered a chicken wrap. Two of use ordered the Prime rib (so glad I did). We also ordered some an appetizer entree that consisted of 3 Wings, 3 Onion Rings, 2 Potato Skins, 2 Chicken Strips, and 3 Cheese sticks. When they came, they were pretty greasy, and expected as much.

I want to note that the few waiters we had were awesome, and made the trip even better. 

Once the entrees came, the Prime Ribs were awesome for the price. They were juicy, had flavor and big portions. The other 2 entree's weren't that great. The chicken wrap was average and the top sirloin was over cooked in certain places and under cooked in certain places and had no flavor. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, so glad I wasn't the one that ordered it. 

As expected the Prime Rib was awesome. If you do come please stick with that and from what I read but never tasted the BBQ ribs. It appears that's the only thing the restaurant is good for.
We came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning. The restaurant is nicer inside than how it may appear from the outside. We had the steak and egg special for $5.99. The meal came with 2 eggs, a nice cut of NY strip, tater tot like potatoes and your choice of toast. The NY strip was a very generous portion and good quality steak. One of the best values for breakfast that I have ever had.
Great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner. For $12 we got a generous cut of prime rib, a salad, a side, green beans and a beer. 

Exactly what you expect when looking for cheap eats in vegas.
Awesome food. Super great price!!  Had dinner & a couple of breakfasts there during our stay. Fast friendly service and fresh food. We had the steak & beer $7.99 special. Super yum. Also had chicken fried steak & eggs/eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast & French toast loved all of it.
Service- A++ I was starving and told the waiter that. He literally ran my soup to me :)

Homemade caesar dressing.  

Prime-rib was an excellent deal but the spaghetti is just okay.
When I first saw the outside of this place I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. People who know me know I love pretty decor and a clean, scrubbed look. Well, you won't get the aesthetics, but you will get fabulous food!

The wait can be long sometimes, but trust me, it's well worth it. I'd say that the service is okay. It's nothing that I'd write home about, but it's average and you won't have any complaints. 

Again, the inside is NOT pretty, but the food is so yummy good. I used to always order the salmon salad and, oh my gosh, it is so delicious that I went back three days in a row for it when I first ate it. That's how spectacular it was. I then branched out to the salmon dinner (I know, I really put myself out there, don't I?) and, of course, cooked perfectly. I really do love this place.

Seriously, when you walk in you will wonder what you are doing there, but you eventually find out that this place is not only great, but affordable! Don't let the outside keep you from going inside for a whole lot of goodness. Yum!

I wish I could write about all the food, but I've pretty much had salmon every time, but truthfully, if they can cook that fish perfectly, think about what they can do with steak/chicken, etc! Go do it!
I can't begin to understand how the ratings for this place are so high. The food doesn't even live up to mediocre and the surroundings; just gross. This is where Vegas visitors go to cry in their drinks. The only reason I give as high as two stars is because the servers were so nice and very quick.
Hey if you love prime rib, this is the place for you. Comparing to other places in Las Vegas, the prime rib only cost 12.99 (it also comes with root beer). The quality of the food is top notch!!! However, if you are planning on eating here, please be advised that the food take a long time to be served. Otherwise i would be giving this place a 5 stars.
No idea how this place gets such high ratings. Service is terrible, slow, uninformative, no follow up, not good.  Food was average.
Ellis is interesting...It kind of reminds me of an old diner off in the middle of nowhere during a really weird roadtrip. 

This place was definitely hyped up by several friends and a couple other newly-friended cabbies, but do not be fooled by words, fellow Yelpers! (And I mean fooled in just a misleading way, not negative.) I'm not going to trash this place and say I had a bad experience here. I actually had a great time with good company, solid people-watching view, good laughs from the very loud kareoking next door, and friendly service. 

I think all the "BEST STEAK AND EGGS" plastered all over the reviews here are either 1. You're not a food snob (especially not a steak snob), and loves simple food. (Nothing wrong with that) and 2. You were drunk.

It's silly to think with that great of a price to expect "great" quality steak, but hey, it's a piece of steak for an affordable price if you dont't mind it. A little too hard and bland for me even though I asked for medium rare and A1, but the eggs and toast... the fish and chips... twas tasty for the price we paid for. Just don't come with those high expectations for a "great steak." 

Originally came to try the prime rib and they were out... at 3 a.m. which I suppose makes sense. I would came back again though to try it, despite my sub-par food experience.
This review is only for their bar and karaoke.  I went there for some cheap fun off strip. I heard their homemade brews were $1 but it was really 2.50 when we got there.  Still cheap.  Still happy.  Talk about people watching.  There were people who sang like angels, people who sang like rock gods, people who I'm pretty sure were transvestites, and people who were no good at all.  All in all it was a great experience to what Vegas is to locals.  Thanks Ellis!
Our large group walked from Planet Hollywood to here. Damn that was a long walk!!!

I had their side salad and split pea soup which was so delicious. I also had an order of their chicken fried chicken. It was good, but their gravy was a tad bit on the salty side. Their rootbeer was so refreshing too. My meal was only $7 plus some odd change.

My Hubby had their prime rib w/ beer. He said it was good. Can't beat $12.99.
 
Overall, it was pretty good. Next time we are catching the cab!
After seeing Ellis Island featured on numerous Las Vegas deals and shows since I was a kid, I knew I had to finally check it out. Located right behind Bally's on the strip, they offer an amazing steak dinner for $7.99! It comes with soup/salad, steak, green beans, baked/mashed potatoes AND  a beer. Honestly, I was skeptical of the food once I walked in, but I'm not going to lie, it was great. I was stuffed by the end and I couldn't believe our dinner for 2 was less than $20! 

I wouldn't be eating this every night, but it's definitely a hidden gem in Vegas!

--
Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
Everything here is cheap. Cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap tables. If you happen to stumble into this place, try their steaks.
Can't eat here as a family since the moved  the BBQ next to the sports book.  It's sad that we can no longer eat at this famed establishment when our children are with us!
My husband and I tried this place after looking for ideas on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  Most all of the previous reviewers were spot on. Ellis Island casino and Brewery is small and dive-y in appearance and the location is not enticing. As you enter, you will notice the strong cigarette presence.  The restaurant is actually the 24/7 Cafe in the back corner.  The seating is done by a number system. My husband ordered the prime rib dinner which comes with soup or salad, choice of potato, green beans and a micro beer or root beer.  I ordered the grilled salmon.  Both meals were nicely done.   Our waitress seemed disinterested but efficient.  Another waiter brought out our meal, however, it was 2 meals of prime rib, which I suspect belonged to another table.  I explained to the waiter that one of the plates he brought out was what my husband ordered, so he left it on our table and returned the other to the kitchen. I had to wait an extra 5 minutes until my salmon entree came out.  But 4 minutes prior, the waiter brought another 2 plates of prime rib to the table behind us. 

Bottom line, if looking for a restaurant with a large selection, decent taste and inexpensive, come to this place, but come early to avoid waiting too long.
Super chill. Cheap food and beer. Feels more of a local spot.
Great Barbacue And Top Sirloin With A Micro Brew Beer.
A Las Vegas Local Restaurant For Many Years.
Imagine this you are in vegas and you are trying to ball on a budget

YES kind of hard on a budget, but juct incase you spent a little too much heres a place that will fill you up and your wallet won't take too much of a hit

I came here one morning with a few friends and we had wanted something filling but not heavy as in grease, knowing that we checked yelp and this popped up
so i said lets give it a try
located behind the strip on koval we walked in and it just seemed like a retro casino that hadn't changed a bit since idk 20 years ago

we head straight to their cafe lo and behold they had a 5.99 NY steak and eggs special so what do we do, we of course order it DUH!

it came with 2 eggs any style you want , potatoes, toast, and the steak
steak was kind of small but not bad, everything else just came to fit with the order really.

I would say nothing too special other than its the cheapest decent food i've had in vegas

P.S. don'tget the orange juice I got a Tall and it was ridiculously tiny
Great steak and eggs are $7.99. Just remember that this is not the menu just tell your waiter'/ waitress. 

Steak and eggs dinner comes with: steak, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and home fries. The steak isn't the best quality but it was cooked pretty well. I really enjoyed their sourdough toast. Be aware that they smother lots of butter on it so if you are watching your saturated fat intake make sure to ask them for no butter on your toast. Home fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

I love their home made root beer. It was around $2.25 for a giant glass (probably 20 ounces). 

Service: Come around 11:00pm on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Waitress was very attentive as well

Come back again? For sure! My mouth is watering thinking about the rootbeer
Craft brewed beers, super old school. Can't wait to try the restaurant
We went to Ellis Island Casino and Brewery based on a friend's suggestion.  On a previous trip to Vegas, he had asked a local "Hey, can you tell me a good place that the locals around here go for some good food that isn't very touristy?"   I'm glad he asked that question because the place was awesome!  There are two restaurants inside:  One sells beef-related entrees and the other restaurant sells BBQ-related entrees.  We went to the BBQ side.  The entrees are huge, the food excellent, and the prices cheap!   The waiter even gave us all "member's discounts" when none of us were members.   They brew their own beer on the premises and that was good too (except for the IPA.  I swear they must've had the hoses connected wrong or something.  It tasted like a light beer).  But that didn't take anything away from the whole dining experience.  I definitely recommend this place!
Hands down, the best steak and eggs place in Vegas!

My gf who lives in Vegas recommended that we try this place for our steak and eggs cravings and we werent disappointed.

- Be ready for the smell of old people and stale smoke
- Be ready for the old decor
- Be ready for the slow service
- Be ready to die and go to steak and egg heaven!
Took a friend here on the buy-one get one free deal from the LVA.  We were going to split a rack of ribs; however, it was less expensive w/the coupon for us each to get 1/2 a rack.

Service was SUPER quick - seriously no waiting but this is the slow Vegas season, so maybe that's why.

Ribs were meaty, perfectly cooked, and fit well with the BBQ sauce.  Sides of beans (boring) coleslaw (sub-par at best) and corn on the cob (decent, but probably frozen first) left LOTS to be desired.

Total with the coupon and a few beers was about $20.00.  Good value
WOW
This hidden diamond on Koval is a Winners dream.  The $7.99 Steak special is amazing, and delicious. I went 3 times on my vacation, and it was super service , and great Steak each time. Yummy
Just awesome!!  Just as good as Lawyer's but 1/4 of the price. My favorite prime rib joint in Vegas!!
Coupon is now REQUIRED for $7.99 Steak and beverage including beer deal. You must be a member of their free Passport Players Club. Print the coupon at a player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. Coupon valid only on day of printing.
Went back for the first time in awhile to join a person I'd never met (trust me, relevant). The food was delicious, but when it came time to get the check the waitress said that a new policy had been implemented where they don't split checks.

I had come here to meet a complete stranger and when I was told I'd have to split the check (not pay for mine and he his) I was really uncomfortable. We both only had credit cards and my meal was more expensive so I was totally against this person paying for any of my meal (for other reasons).

The waitress went and got the manager while the person I was dining with had gone to the bathroom. She immediately asked in broken English 'Where he go?' I was like, why do you need to know that? She kept pressing until finally I said, it's not really any of your business, but he went to the restroom. The next question in the interrogation was 'who paying for this? You must pay.' I thought I misheard her just accuse me of trying to steal, but she repeated it and I was sure then that she thought we were going to walk out on the check. 

I have never been accused of trying to walk on a check before (especially when I'm sitting there with a credit card in my hand), and I never will again because I will never go back here. 

Terrible service. UGH.
Ellis Island.....very aptly named. Be prepared to be treated like some homeless third-world vagabond that just crawled out of the steerage compartment of a ship straight from the war-torn country of Whogivesacrapistan.

Okay, I've got family in town this week. Their favorite past time while visiting Vegas is to go casino hopping. The first one on the agenda today is Ellis. We get there, first I have to avoid the broken glass scattered around the parking lot so I won't get a flat. 

We go to the players club to sign up for the cards ($5 in free slot play is a free $5).  There's no one behind the counter, but there's an employee shouting out bingo numbers into a telephone going out over the intercom. We're waiting there for at least 10 minutes. 

In between bingo numbers the guy on the phone says (and I quote) "I can't help you, I'm really busy right now. I might be able to do something in about a half hour or so. If a floor person happens to wonder by and see you, she'll probably help you out".

Seriously?

Well, then I see a table games pit boss about 30 feet away from us.  I go to him and explain we've been waiting for quite a while, and could he please call someone from players club to come help us. He says okay and makes a call. About another 10 minutes pass with still no one coming to the players desk!  That's the last straw....we leave.

Good job, ellis island. You've lost several hundred dollars today. We went to Terrible's Casino and spent our money there. We put a stack of 20s in THEIR slot machines, played blackjack at THEIR tables, tipped THEIR dealers, ate at THEIR cafe, and drank at THEIR bar. Screw you ellis island, you useless incompetent jerks!!!
One of the better values in LV.  $2 20 Ounce taps 24/7.   They brew great beer and you can't beat the price.  I wish they would make a hoppy IPA someday.  Food is good and a great value.  Casino is a smoky and it's a "locals" bar.   Worth checking out.  Players club has gone downhill recently and it's become much more stingy when it comes to handing out comps and givebacks.
It's 4am.....walking out of XS, and you realize after your last meal which was 12 hours ago, you're due for some feasting.  Enter the brilliant idea of going to Ellis Island Casino for some late night/early Breakfast specials.  Considering I didn't know what they offered at time, but had a reference to the all day steak special I normally attend to, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the options available.  

At this point of drunkeness and hunger, anything with eggs and meat seemed most appropriate.  Even the Bills $4.99 Eggs special was appealing, but no no no, enter the last item on the breakfast plate specials at Ellis Island:

A Country Fried Chicken smothered in gravy with house potatoes, two eggs, and toast for $7.99!!!

Let's just say it didn't take long to browse through the menu before that decision was made.  The fried chicken was nicely battered and tasted amazing with that gravy.  The eggs were just making it double the better and the house potatoes hidden underneath the toast offered a pleasant surprise and reason to dip food into ketchup.  Ellis Island....you're the best.
Excellent food - I had a wonderful grilled salmon dish.  The steaks and beef are very good too.  Service was a bit tardy to get started, but the price is right.  Definite return.
So bad and so good!

This is the off the strip, gritty Vegas I love! Fortunately, this fabulous place is right down the street from the hotel my company lays over at. 

Cheap good dinner, cheap beer and a lot of great people watching. There is nothing like enjoying your meal and watching some really awkward and inappropriate flirting between the servers and lonely drunk men at the tables. There is karaoke that is dominated by some of the worst singers and you have a first class show from the dining room. And of course the icing on the cake is the Elvis impersonator. A tiny man in an oversize Elvis jumpsuit. Heaven! 

Ellis Island is great because it's 1960s classic Vegas however it's sad because it's still 1960s classic Vegas. 


Viva Las Vegas!
Good food at a great price. The food is really filling and the home fries are amazing. The place is filled with smoke so if you have trouble breathing or asthma you probably shouldn't go. The portions are really big. I come here every time i go to Vegas.
Cool place for drinks food and fun! Low prices. Won a lil cash. Got a lil tipsy. This is what I call Vegas Fun!
Best deal on a Prime Rib Dinner I've had in a long time.  Soup or salad, King size cut of Prime and a pint of the house microbrew all for $12.99.  One block off the Strip!  This is where the locals go to eat, drink, watch sports and gamble!  Not a fancy high tech place by any means, just good food and fun!
Great food, service and atmosphere.
This review is only in regards to Metro Pizza delivery service.  Read my previous review if you are interested in the Cafe/Steak special.

I work down the street in one of the large hotels on Harmon.  This is a 5min drive...10min if you catch every light on a Sunday night.

I placed the order, and was told 45min-1hr ETA,  After an hour and fifteen, I call back and get the same hostess/order taker.  I ask if she has any idea if my food was on the way.  She tells me there was a mix up with the order, that they were busy, and that my food was being cooked as we spoke.

Really??  So it isn't even on it's way yet??  So I get told that it will be another 30min for my order.  So obviously I am mad, and she says she will take off some of the food  (about $6 worth) and add some extra rootbeers.  Still was thinking about cancelling the order, but I was starving and decided to go forward.

Food finally gets here, almost 2hrs after I initially phoned in.  Was the food worth it?

I ordered the San Gennaro (meatball) pizza, and it was not very awesome.  It probably tastes a lot better fresh and in restaurant, but by the time I got it at work, it was soggy in the middle and the sauce is lacking taste.  Meatballs weren't bad, but nobody wants soggy pizza.

The wings and fries were mildly warm, the fries a bit undercooked and had that slightly starchy taste.  I was not a fan.

The rootbeer is awesome as always though.  They send it to you w/o ice, and a cup of ice on the side, so it doesn't get watered down.  Thoughtful!  Probably shouldn't add a star for this, but I did.

Too bad the rest of the experience was bad.  I have guests ask me where to order pizza all the time, and I am sorry to say, I won't be sending them back here again.
Hole in the wall that's right near the corner that Tupac got shot (so you know it's good).

GET THE BBQ RIBS HERE!!! They are some of the best I've ever had.

Also get the Hefeweizen here. Not a beer drinker? Grab their root beer. I'm not a fan of root beer but it's supposed to be the best here. They brew all of their beers here on site.

The ribs are made right there and fall right off.

My girlfriend will eat like a bird but she cleared a whole rack no problem.

On my birthday I could have chosen any restaurant in this city of amazing food but I wanted one thing. Ellis Island BBQ ribs. Now that has to saysomething.

Sorry about the sporadic review but you get the point...GO HERE

(Don't do the restaurant in the casino, go to the BBQ spot on the side and don't get it twisted haha)
This place is a Winner!!! King cut prime rib w/ free rootbeer (refill included) w/ salad or soup for only $12.99! How can you go wrong???
Okay had the BBQ at Ellis Island.. The BBQ place has its own space and is not part of the cafe. It's located right next to the sports book. I feel like it should have its own space here on Yelp since it would be like reviewing Wicked Spoon under the Cosmopolitan business listing. It's located at Ellis Island but its a separate restaurant.  Anyways.. 

The BBQ meats are ribs and chicken only, no choice of sides tho you do get beans, cole slaw, corn on the cob and garlic French bread with every entree. Ellis Island does have a brewery which means 20oz beers for cheap. Entrees are super reasonable and don't worry a combo rib and chicken platter will fill the heartiest of eaters and at these prices go ahead order an extra one entree to go. 

I was pretty blown away.. The meats were incredibly juicy, tender and tasted like the most awesome back yard BBQ. The chicken was like eating meat silk, you hardly even needed to chew since it was that soft. Ribs were meaty and just barely clung to the bone (thats a good sign for BBQ). I'd have a hard time only choosing one meat as they both were pretty dang tasty! I love the sauce too, smokey and not overly sweet! 

Whoa! I still have BBQ sauce in my beard, nom!
The place everyone goes to and know one knows about. The hidden gem of Las Vegas. Highly recommended! All the locals rave about it. The deals are great for steaks at the cafe wand very yummy, but the service is slow. The brewery was just remodeled and it's the best deal for BBQ ribs and chicken. Yummmmy!  My husband loves the pizza joint there. The place had everything. They also have great tacky karaoke!
It feels like an old school Italian restaurant... dark interior, red leather seats, and you feel like a gunfight is about to go down at any given moment. Maybe a couple of Italian thugs will burst through the kitchen and demand that everyone get down on their knees....

Or not.

The steak is excellent! There is a special if you sign up for their players card (free service) you can get a steak dinner with sides and a 20 oz beer for like $8. The beer is delicious and cheap. The food is hearty and tasty. So cheap here. Definitely a place to go to if you lose all your money (or restaurant standards) in Vegas.
My friend and I were headed to an event at the T&M center Monday, and I requested a stop before we got there for a couple of quick craft brews. He suggested Ellis Island Casino, which brews its own beer onsite. It sounded like a good idea. I remembered the name of the casino from my last trips to Vegas 4-5 years ago, but couldn't place it. And then he pulled into the lot and I said to myself  "Oh, it's THIS place"

Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a small, divey casino off the strip with a Super 8 attached to it. Classy. My friend digs dive spots, and I don't have a problem with them ... but I was skeptical about the quality of their beer and tempered my expectations. Which was a good idea, because the beer was a disappointment.

They offer five house-made brews of standard varieties - Light, Amber Ale, Weiss, Stout, and IPA. I started with the IPA and noticed that it had absolutely NO flavor. How can an IPA have NO flavor? I thought maybe he poured the wrong beer, but I saw him pour from the IPA tap. Maybe the lines were mixed up with the light? This would have been acceptable for a light beer - it was crisp and not unpleasant tasting. Rather, it was just flavorless.   

After chugging it down, I went for the stout. This was a better choice, but still just an average stout at best. It reminded me more of a porter than a stout, and similar to Yeungling's porter. Acceptable, but nothing to write home about. 

My friend, like many Vegas locals, love this place. And I kinda dig the seedy, divey vibe as well. And he says their house-made root beer is outstanding (I have never tried it). But the beer was disappointing. If that was really their IPA, then they need a reality check on what a true IPA is supposed to be. 

If you're looking for a microbrewery in a casino, Triple 7 downtown is the way to go, not Ellis Island.
Little hole in the wall in a tiny casino. The food is awesome and cheap. My meal came with a beer. Would be a 5 star if the place was a little cleaner.
First let me start by saying I haven't exactly been completely sober each time I've been here.  First time I ate at the restaurant and had steak, potatoes, and veggies. I was so excited for real food in Vegas you could've almost charged me anything for it, but it was inexpensive...almost a steal since its Vegas.  They have their own micro-brews and my favorite is their Amber. Its SO good when it hits your lips! 

The most recent time I just played slots, drank, and won more money than I did anywhere else! Always makes for a good time!
We have been to Ellis Island many times over the years.  This is about our trip in February 2013.  I will touch on the Cafe, the BBQ and the Casino.  We have been coming to Vegas for over 20 years and spend plenty of time at the black jack tables.

Restaurant's get four stars but casino only one star on this trip.

The cafe was great (as always) we both had the steak special. The salad was good and the steak was cooked properly.  The in-house root beer was delicious and dad enjoyed the micro-brew.

BBQ was equally delicious.  We both got a full rack of ribs, our hotel room had a fridge for left overs.  They could do without the corn on the cob.  Why serve corn on the cob when you let it sit in a pan of water and it turns out soggy rather than crunchy?  They could roast the corn on the grill and have it turn out awesome.

We have played black jack in the casino many times.  They have good rules. decent limits and friendly dealers.  They have older pit boss who has been there forever, an older gentleman.  He always seemed less than pleasant and a bit offish.  We had an incident where the dealer misdealt and had to call the boss over.  He told her to burn the Ace.  the Ace would have helped my dad's hand and he would have taken the card whether he knew it was an Ace or not.  The boss said to burn it.  

Now, whenever we have encountered something similar to this at other casinos (mistakes do happen) the boss would give the player the choice of taking or burning the card.  After all, it was the dealer's mistake, not ours.  When I spoke up (cause dad is 87) the boss rudely and gruffly said it's his casino and his rules.  End of discussion.

At that point we took our money off the table and left.  We will probably go back another day but we only play where we enjoy and have fun.  I had a rude pit boss at Foxwood's twenty years ago and have never been back.  Ellis Island is worth the trip but I won't play there if Mr. Happy is working.
Had a 10oz New York strip with veggies, baked potato, soup, and a fresh brewed root beer for $8. Great service too. Went back again today. Best deal in Vegas. The 1971 decor was perfect for the 1971 pricing!

(Update - was just posted but is an old review)
My review is strictly for the karaoke only.  I had more fun here than I have ever had karaoking anywhere.  There are some really amazing singers.  We went on a Tuesday night so it started off pretty dead so the rotation went quickly and we got to sing about 3 times each.  As the night wore on, it got more packed and by midnight we were sure we weren't going to get to sing again.  The ambiance and the crowd just makes singing so much fun!  They cheer you on and dance and sing along.  The sound system is great too.  They have TVs all over the bar with the lyrics displayed.  They also seem to have a good selection of music.

We went back on a Friday night and that place was PACKED to the hilt.  We put our names in and ended up having to wait about 1 1/2 hours to sing.  It was still a TON of fun. 

They brew their own beers and we got the Heffe's, which were delicious.  I hear they have really good food so I'd like to try that sometime.

This is my new favorite karaoke spot!
Recently went to Vegas and planned to visit 3 breweries in 3 days. Eliis was our first stop. Its off the strip so don't expect all the lights and glam. The beer was good, i tried the IPA, not as bitter as a sierra so it was smooth and refreshing. The steak and eggs breakfast was great for $5.99! Did some gambling and won a little bit.  Will visit again next time in vegas and try some of other beers.
It's our girls dinner night out for our birthday.... After dinner, the other birthday girl wants to do some karaoke at Ellis Island! 
I'm also still hungry so decide on some MOZZARELLA STICKS! Oooh yeah friiiied cheeese!! And you know, I rarely EVER order mozzarella sticks... These were SO good though! Cheesey and gooey and served with marinara sauce. NOM. 
Watching everyone karaoke was really fun too and the drinks were CHEAP-CHEAP!
One of the Best Deals in Vegas! Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings for$7.99 and 20 Oz Micro Brew Included!
Steak dinner was excellent! Gr8 brew, too.
Came here with my girls after a nice dinner at Bagatelle and we had a blast!!! It was my first time singing karaoke "American style" where it's on stage in front of strangers rather than in a private room in front of your friends.. It was so much fun!!! The crowd was very diverse. Although located close to the strip, this place is more divey than anything so don't expect anything fancy coming here LOL 

You pick a song from the book, tell the person at the podium and then get drunk while waiting for your song to come up.. The drinks and food are cheap.. I bought 6 drinks & we got drunk using just about $50... When you sing on stage you get an awesome adrenaline rush and the crowd cheers you on. No booing or any negativity here which takes some of the pressure off.. Great sound system and lots of screens with the lyrics... Although when you're drunk all the words just jumble into one HAHA 

Definitely want to come back with more friends and also to try the steak and eggs!!!
I sit here in the Cafe at Ellis Island Brewery listening to Ricky Martin on the stereo wondering how some 700 of my fellow yelpers have deemed this establishment to be of 4 star quality. 

Coming in the late morning - it is Vegas after all and the only people awake in time for breakfast have not yet slept from the day before - I was hoping to have some eggs and potatoes. The normal breakfast menu was no longer being served and the only option was the Bacon and eggs. Being a Vegetarian I was offended by this and asked for a substitution, which was not allowed. I ordered it anyway with instruction that bacon not be brought out. The potatoes were terrible but the eggs were fine and the toast was over buttered. I had two beers while I was here. The first was the Amber Ale which was a true to style amber. The second beer I ordered was the IPA. Now the IPA, let me put it this way; I had to ask the waiter after a couple sips that he hadn't accidentally brought me the Light beer.  I then later also had the stout - while I played a hand of black jack - which was again a below average stout, no creativity: no wood aging or bourbon or dry hops nothing to make it stand out.  

But to get back to my wonderment of the 4 stars by my fellow yelpers; I fully understand the appreciation of this restaurant. The service was great, Alex was my server and he was extremely polite and attentive. The hostess was at the least bilingual and seemed to know some of the guests by name. Every guest that I could see in the restaurant was enjoying their meal and their company. 

When I started this review I had given this restaurant 1 stars but I bumped it up to 2 while I wrote this review.   I would tell all vegetarians or health conscious people to avoid this place, but if you want a good price on a steak and want to be welcomed with open arms than please come here. True beer lovers should also avoid this place given that there is good beer to be had in this town.  I am judging their beer by only three of the five brewed in house.
I have come here many times in the past but am now starting to notice a trend. They are slowly starting to go downhill.

Today's meal consisted of a chewy prime rib, undercooked green beans and a rock hard baked potato. 

I sure they start to turn around again.
After days of Kathleen W. mentioning how she really wanted Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs, we finally made it over after clubbing in Vegas at around 5:30am - yay for 24 hours! Though a bit off the strip, it was not too bad of a walk going through Bally's from Las Vegas Blvd side. We were promptly seated and ordered our steak and eggs for $5.99 - awesome.

This must be a different one than the Steak special from friends Dmitiy S. & Nina Y.'s reviews because it did not come with beer, salad, or mashed potatoes, but rather eggs, potatoes, and toast. Also, the steak was cooked more on the well side when ordered. Typically I get medium rare, but this time I ordered medium and it was more medium-well. Just a tad crispy for my liking, I still really enjoyed the steak for the value - a good 8 oz. The plate definitely filled me up, and I was actually glad we stayed out rather than heading back to the hotel to sleep.

Tip: juice not included, so when we got the bill, we were just a bit surprised that our small juices cost about half what the breakfast plate did...haha
amazing karaoke every night!
the coolest bouncers/security!
great drinks/cheap & so so so much fun! 

if you are looking for karaoke it is worth coming off the strip to ellis island!
Yet another Vegas treasure that has given into the pressures of "The Vegas Scene"...

This lounge used to be divey, smokey, crowded, AWESOME! Karaoke 7 nights a week!

Now they have remodeled, taken out all the killer booths and you're now forced to co-mingle and sit on picnic tables and shared booth seating, like it's Taco Bell. Gross. 

The waitresses are so bitchy, the "craft beer" that they brew in house is AWFUL, even at $2.50, and the karaoke DJ was super douchey and fishing for tips. 

I guess I will try again in 5 years when you're ready to change again?? 

They still have the diner, which is OK and the gaming is still really good! The gaming bumped them up a whole star! Cheap table games and machines galore...
I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure.. lol.. I am referring to the late night Karaoke situation at Ellis Island Brewery. There are few things that are as much fun when you are having a drink with friends.. as karaoke both good and bad!

Every so often I get a hankering' to head on down and have a go at the mic. As an added b onus.. Ellis Island has root beer that they brew themselves..and why am I so excited about that you wonder? ...1 (hyphenated) word.. "JAGER-Roo" It's (2) shot(s) Jagermeister in a tall glass of fresh brewed root beer. It will make you a believer. I love Italian, German and many other herbal liquors .. but Jagermeister was my first. Therefore, it will always be my baby ;')

if you are even remotely interested in how delicious this could be dancing around your palate with hints of sweetness, herbs and sassafras.. .. I say go for it. Also, maybe stop in for some Karaoke. 

Have Fun!
This review is for the BBQ Menu inside the Brewery.  The BBQ seating area has moved and expanded next to the Sports Book and can now accommodate more guests, which is a good thing.  Been here several times for the BBQ and it never disappoints.  The best value is the full rack of baby back ribs that comes with cole slaw, baked beans, corn on the cob and bread.  If you use the Player's Card you get a discount of a couple of bucks.  The ribs fall off the bone and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  Almost always stop in here for a meal when I'm in Vegas.  Service is friendly, but be warned this place gets crowded on the weekend.  You won't leave hungry.
Visited for lunch, super steak special for $8.99. Delicious meal, Super friendly folks. Highly recommend for those who want value for their buck & are tired of the glitzy glamour. Awesome comfort food!
Thankfully i discovered this place while staying at the boring platinum hotel which is next door. Forget everything you have heard about vegas and go to ellis island.  16 oz craft beers were $1 during march madness, discounted from the normal price of $2.  Steak and eggs $5.99, deli, pizza, bbq, etc.  Beware though, its kinda like a dive bar and there is a lot of smoke.
Been coming here since we our honeymoon in 1997. Great place, cheep good food, great tables for learners.
The cafe at this casino is a hidden treasure.

My family and I go here all of the time specifically for their steak which comes out perfectly every time. Ever since my family started eating here, it has been the only place we go out to to specifically order steak, of all the places in Las Vegas. I usually order the Steak and Shrimp and it is always a meal that fills me up and has me looking forward to eating my leftovers, I have leftovers every time because the portions are great, especially for the price. The dinner salad that comes with a majority of the items on the menu is a salad I always crave because their thousand island dressing is to die for. 

Their food is always freshly made and it's obvious that the chef put time in from preparing the food to plating. 

I recently tried their steak and eggs and fell in love. The portions were again, very big for the price, and the steak had great quality. The breakfast potatoes were light and crisp, and the eggs were perfect, and I'm not the usual egg eater. Even at 11 in the evening, none of our food tasted slacked.

As far as service, you can't expect too much coming from a cafe inside a casino. It was dimlitted and the hint of smoke is somewhat bothersome, but the food definitely makes up for it. Depending on how busy it is and what time it is, you will either have great service with the waiters constantly checking on you, or a waiter running around trying to do multiple things.

I give this place 5 stars because it is a great place to eat if you want to get full, and I constantly go back looking forward to a great meal.

I've heard the other restaurants in this casino are hidden treasures as well, but I have yet to try them. I would definitely recommend the cafe and swing by the sandwich shop as well!
Expect a dive, and that is what you get...But the Prime Rib was worth it.
I had the prime rib. Yum. Be ready for a wait during popular hours. There's always a bar next to the restaurant to kill time.
Two words: food poisoning.
Came into Vegas for my boys' 21st birthday and this was our first stop. Had the steak special. Had a great time and a great meal. When they found out it was his  birthday got some extras as a slice of cake for him. Will come back again for the special. Just back from St. Patrick's Day weekend and again great meal. Only change is that you now have to get a slot card and slid it thru a kisok and get the coupon. Then give it to the server when you pay. Good for that one day, but good for the entire table. Cost of $8.99.
Great quality meat, total dive mini-casino, but the food is decent & the pricing is near unbeatable. If anyone is attempting to dodge a buffet , wants cheap food & cheap drinks, this is your spot!
This review is focused on the Barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island, although I like the casino, too!  It's small, but comfortable - although a bit smoky.

We've been eating at the barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island for years.  Because of this, I've never had chance to eat at any of the other food opportunities there!  This visit was our first time since they moved the barbecue restaurant to the other side of the casino.  I guess I like that our large group can now sit inside - a bonus on particularly hot, cold or windy nights, but I did like the patio on beautiful nights!

First, you need to know that it's still small!  Unless you get there just as they are opening, you're gonna wait to be seated.  Just plan for it.  Know it.  Deal with it.  It's okay. They're open 4-10.  Your wait will give you time to get a players club card so you can get your discount coupon.  You want that because the already low prices will be even lower with it.
.  
Once you do get seated, you have an enormous menu to choose from.  You get either a half rack of ribs, a full rack of ribs, a half a chicken, or a half rack of ribs and half a chicken.  That's it.  That's the menu.  With each of those meals, you get beans, corn, cole slaw and bread. I think the most expensive one is maybe $12  (with the coupon).  The meat is delicious.  The price is right.  The service is good.  Oh, and it's a brewery, so you get REALLY GREAT beer for about $2.50.

Best deal in Vegas.  Trust me.
You can still get excellent food at great prices.  The steak I had here was better than the steak at The expensive place next door.  I at breakfast there 2 in a row.  I can't wait to try them for dinner.  

They are a very busy place se get there early.  The decor of the restaurant is beautiful dark paneling. I wish they had more places there. 

I knocked them down a star for the beer.  I brew beer so I know good brew.  This was too watered down for me.  I tried their lightest and darkest beer, but hey, it is only $2.
Now I know where the locals go in Las Vegas. In the parking lot my car was one of the few that was not a cab. This place is a dump, but the steaks and eggs special at $5.99 was pretty remarkable. The service was friendly and it seemed like everyone except for me was a regular. Compared to the overdone, overpriced casino restaurants this place was a breath of (smokey) air. I do want to go back and try the beer and the BBQ offerings.
Went in for breakfast to the restaurant.  Unfortunately we had to walk through the casino first because of construction. YUCK....Smelled horrible, smoke, dirty, dark.

That said breakfast was pretty good for the money. Steak and eggs, bacon were all good as was the coffee. Not a healthy alternative by any means, but if you are looking for a overall decent plate of bacon,eggs and toast it is fine. Our waitress wasn't great. Argued with me for ordering a la cart as it would have been .50 cents cheaper to order the special, but the special had too much food I would have wasted. Appreciated the help with saving money did not appreciate the constant disregard for my order.
I've been looking a long time for some cheap food and I've finally found it!  The cafe has wonderful specials, I had french toast for $3.99 and it was Denny's quality (does that say much? haha)  There was a 20 minute wait to get into here so it's not really a hidden gem.  

I also thought the place would smell more like smoke and be a bigger dump, but it's not.  They even have a Metro pizza which has BOGO specials on certain days and a brewery.  I know this place is synonymous with 2am drunken karoke, so I'll need to observe that one night!

Not a bad bang for your buck at all!
Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop here and have something to eat!  The chicken fried chicken is AWESOME!!!  I flew home still talking about it.  I have family members that now want to come try it.  The root beer floats are so freaking good!  There is also karaoke each night for those who like to sing or for those who want a good laugh.   There have been so many changes in Vegas where buildings are torn down and replaced.  I just hope that this one remains.  Till next year Ellis...we will meet again!
Not an American BBQ fan but this placed changed my mind.

Not many choices here, I think there were 4 or 5 choices coming with sides you either ate or didn't but that's what you got. 

Ordered the combo plate, half a chicken and half rack. 
The bbq sauce was very good (and I don't like bbq sauce) the bbq beans were good (and I don't like bbq beans.) 

Only regret was I should have ordered the "full rack"
I went to this ellis island, for the cheap food not for the ambience or class. suffice to say, for the price, the food is good. I tried the steak special at the caf, it was ok, but for the price, u cant really complain. the wait is crazy. 30 minute wait just to get a table at some dingy place. they brew their own beer too, and it does taste good. though, I prefer the rootbeer for myself. if u sign up for a players card and spend 5$ on the machine, for sure ull get some free 5$ slot play on the mail and free pizza and beer at Metro Pizza. this place, also boast a bbq place, which for me, is the best they have. the bbq is really tasty. I like the chicken bbq better compared to the ribs. the ribs can be dry and chewy. but for the price, it is a good deal. I also learned from one my co-workers that they have a karaoke bar in the casino, though I haven't gone there. maybe, I will one of these days and ill tell u all about it. well, that's gonna be another review then.
Fun karaoke nights, happy, cheerful, friendly locals and tourists alike. The cheap however delicious cold beer and ambience keeps me coming back for more. This is one of the joints I take my friends when they come to town. There's a limited amount of tables and benches so, come early.  You can get your own beer at the bar cause they are short staffed making the wait services extremely slow.
Steak dinner is now $8.99. Coupon is still required and you must be a member of their free Passport Players Club to get it. Print the coupon at any player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. In addition, you can get $1 off any item, including specials such as the steak dinner, if you play a minimum of $1 in slots or video poker (make sure your players card is inserted in the slot machine). This additional coupon is valid for one person only but each person with a card can redeem their coupon in addition to the $8.99 steak coupon (effectively making the steak $7.99, again). All coupons print from a player's club kiosk. Steak is GREAT, high quality, and includes soup or salad, potato of your choice, vegetables and one of their microbrew beers or a soft drink/coffee.
Steak dinner - 10 oz sirloin, choice of soup/salad, potato how you want + the best part free in house brewed beer/root beer (8.99 - 7.99 if you use the $1 off coupon) 

Oh Breweries, how I tend to seek you out, well maybe not this time, my parents sought you and brought me. It's a rather small establishment, the restaurant and its adjacent casino, but it offers cheap eats that I have to admit are decent quality. I almost feel I should be paying a little more for the portions and well yea including an in house brewed beer too, think I'm robbing them but hey I pay whats on the presented bill. 

The wait I have heard can be atrocious, though I cannot comment on such since when I arrived I joined a party that had already been seated. Service was spot on and quick even with our party of 9 people.
Quite a fun place. It's a casino that have it's own microbrewery and they produce a fine product. I like Stouts and that's what I had here this week, it was good and cheap ($2.50 for a large glass). The bar has karaoke and the regulars here are quite good actually. More locals here than tourist.
My significant other got me onto Ellis Island beer, the Ellis light in particular. I'm not much of a beer drinker but that stuff is really refreshing and easy to drink. The prices on their house made beer are ridiculously cheap. I think its like $2 for a pilsner! They offer a Hefe, a stout, and an IPA as well. I liked the Hefe but as a non-beer drinker, it can get to be a bit much after a glass or two. 

After coming here a few times just hanging at the bar, I decided to see what everyone else had to say about EI. I didn't know this place had good, cheap food as well. Thanks to Yelp, I found out they have some really decent prime rib and BBQ as well as some other great dishes. So far, I've had the chance to try their BBQ, which was really good and probably some of the best I've had here in Las Vegas. It was even better than this BBQ place I ate at in Houston. I've also had the prime rib twice now and although they are a little bit inconsistant with the temperatures, the meat is actually very tasty and is a great deal at just $12.99 which also includes beer. 

Ellis Island has got to be one of the last places in Vegas where you can find some good food and beer at great prices. Like how Vegas used to be. Just be warned that wait times for the restaurants can be a bit long during peak days/hours. Just grab your number from the hostess stand, have a few beers and listen for them to call you overhead.
I had a burger. It was... A burger!
I used to love Ellis Island because of the great beer and cheap prices for pretty good food. Things have changed though. When I was there in March 2013, they had raised the price for their steak dinner and one could only get the steak dinner special price with a coupon which I didn't have. I was not allowed to be seated in the bar during their dinner hours because there wasn't enough servers, I was told. One person...not enough servers?! It's just not worth it anymore. They let the good reviews go to their head.
Great BBQ Ribs and Chicken!  This restaurant serves huge portions for cheap prices.  We came to the casino mainly for the food.  The microbrewery serves quality beer for $2.25 and the root beer is better than anything you can in the store.  Clearly the best BBQ dinner that you will find on the strip.  If you enjoy meaty, falling off the bone ribs, this is the place to go.
Five stars for the place that it is. Its not fine dining, its not healthy dining, but its just vegas cafe food. My second time here within a year, both for breakfast. Both times we received great, friendly service and the food was good and steaks cooked to our liking. It's attached to a somewhat smokey casino and its fairly dark in there. I got the New York steak and eggs which came with these crispy potatoes- kind of like deep fried potato cubes- and choice of toast. All for $5.99! Prices are very reasonable and food was good. Would definitely come back.
$2 big microbrew beers!  Decent bbq spare ribs.  Excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw.  I ordered the combo ribs and chicken and the chicken was not very good.  But the ribs are great.  Corn on the cob was just ok.  Service was excellent.  Everything here is cheap with your players card.  Great food and drink value.
The food was decent, the casino was fun, but there craft beers were very good.
This place is ... too great to be describe when you want good food and cheap price!!! I had all my breakfasts there when I was visiting LA because that was the first thing that came into my mind when I woke up!!!
The house beers were excellent!! I wish I can say the same for the steak dinner I had but unfortunately not...
If there were zero stars, that is what I would have selected.  The only redeeming quality this place has would be the $2 beer, contrary to other sad sally posters, the beer is actually pretty good. 

The staff however, is horrible.  I would never return here based on the rudeness of their staff.  I guess I would be miserable too if i worked in a casino connected to a Super 8 hotel and was surviving on the business of hobos and hookers.

Never. Again.

Off to get my hepatitis test results!
I came here because I thought with all the great reviews on Yelp it would be a decent place to eat. 

Much to my disappointment it was below mediocre. I ordered the top loin steak with eggs. My steak came in hard , dry, and close to leather. I asked for medium - well done. 

I think the saving grace was the waitress who seemed sweet and gave good service. 

The ambience of the cafe area was dark, dingy , old and leaving something left to be desired. 

I will take Yelp reviews in Vegas with a grain of salt from now on.
Oh man... good ol' Ellis Island.  I might have a dislike for it because this is the ONLY place my parents wanted to eat at cause it was super cheap, but when I'm on vacay, I want to check out as much as possible.  Nonetheless, I had to be a jerk and tell my parents every time NO and that me and the hubs were gonna go somewhere else.

The one time we did go was after a showing of the Phantom.. I usually don't get too snobby about decor and upkeep in a dive restaurant, but when you go from the gorgeous Venetian to Ellis Island you are going from Ghiradelli to Aldi brand--and man Ellis Island was looking a little on the drab side that evening.

Anyway, lets get back to the food.  I actually didn't want the steak special, but was craving some Italian so I opted for the Chicken Parm -- not only did it come with a side salad, I also got pasta and garlic bread, and I think it was only $6.99.  Glass of wine was CHEAP too, I think $4??  Not the best food or wine around (was actually on the watery side) but what else do you expect with those kind of prices?

Do I think its something to enjoy in Vegas?  Sure, why not?! It's Vegas -- but def look around for other deals too :)
Great karaoke 7 nights a week ..the kj is good and the sound system was great..it is smokey inside but thats just what ya have to live with to dp karaoke in Nevada.  We will definately return ..a fun supportive karaoke crowd
Ok these beers are not going to wow a seasoned beer drinker such as myself. But they are what they are. The Light is piss in a glass, just horrible, as is the heffe, which is damn NASTY, this stuff smells and tastes like a fish tank smells, justt GROSS!!! But the Stout is not bad, and the Amber is actually pretty damn good. All beers at the main bar are $2.00 for a 20oz beer. They cost $.50 more in the lounge and cafe for some reason, so get em at the main bar. The IPA is the latest addition to the line up, and it is not very good, it in no way shape or form resembles an IPA, and in fact doesn't even come close to an APA. It needs a hop punch that just isn't there.
The star of this place is the food. The Cafe has good old fashioned comfort food at great prices. A full Prime Rib Dinner with a beer is under $13.00 and it is delicious!! A steak dinner with a Beer is under $8.00 and not too shabby either. There is a BBQ place that offers up standard BBQ fare at a great price as well, as well as a sandwich stand, and a Metro Pizza, both of which offer up tasty creations at reasonable prices.  
So go for the food, try the beers, you can't beat the price.
BBQ always does me well. (Review is for the BBQ place, not the casino)

I had gotten off work and as usual was quite ravenous, so with my friends in town and wanting to try this place from hearing great things over the years, we ventured out. Be aware that the BBQ restaurant is not open 24hrs!

It's also a 21+, good house brew of "weiss" = hef ... and the ribs that came out were pretty big, I didn't opt for my own plate, but instead munched off of the BF's plate. Cole slaw was delicious and the ribs had a distinctive taste that didn't taste like any other place I've been too. 

Will definitely come back, because there's a karaoke bar that I might suck up the courage, liquid courage ... to belt out.
Las Vegas hidden gem. Good food at a fantastic prize.  Open 24/7
This smoky, teensy "locals" casino certainly won't win any beauty prizes, but if you're looking for a low key place to gamble, eat, and drink on a budget, there are definitely worse places you could. 

We went to meet a few friends on the "$5 steak and a beer" night, fully expecting swill and shoe leather, and ended up having about an hour to kill due to late friends. So we bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a few beers while we waited. 

Pros:
 - For the price, the dinner was actually pretty darn good. Steak, potato, and green beans and a beer. Nothing was spectacular, but nothing was bad, either.
- My husband's request for a steak "as rare as you can legally serve it to me" was actually honored! Quite frequently, places like this serve everything at a chewy medium well. Ellis Island actually served all the steaks at our table the way they were requested. This is the big reason for 4 over 3 stars.
- The beer was actually good! All of the different varieties actually tasted different.

Cons: 
- It's an old, small, casino. So it's smoky as heeellll.
- Service was pretty slow, but considering how packed the place was, and how obviously hard the servers and staff were working. I was still happy to tip well.
- The atmosphere is a little on the dim  and depressing side.
There it comes to overall value, quality and taste, there is no better deal than the $8.99 steak dinner at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I make it a point to eat here every time I am in Las Vegas because for $8.99 you can't go wrong.

If you are a snooty food snob who turns their nose up at the site of white people in jean shorts and American flag tee shirts turn away now. I'm warning you - this isn't a place you want to eat. After all, it is connected to a Super 8.

While the atmosphere is very "Southern Americana" you would never know based on the food. For $8.99 or $12.99 without a free players card, you can get a 10 ounce steak, green beans, baked potato, soup or salad and a 23 ounce microbrew or root beer.

Even though I am a beer snob I have gotten root beer both times and have loved it. By the way, the place has great service and even has five dollar blackjack tables right outside. Moreover, it is next to a 7-Eleven which is great for picking up booze on the way back to the hotel.
The sheer look of this place outside (attached to super 8) and in (dimly lit with an overwhelming smell of smoke) instantly made even my adventuresome soul wonder why I walked in. My plan had been to have lunch and try out the beer but this establishment just felt so grimey. Still I pushed forward and sat down, the menu wasn't anything special and to my dismay I was informed that wont even let you try a flight of their home brew. Well that's all I needed to decide I didn't want to partake at all. 

I was going to give this place a one but since I didn't actually eat any fod or try the beer, I'll be generous and give it a two. Even if the food and beer turned out to be worth a damn, the place is old and disgusting, nothing about it is inviting and its beyond divey at this point. The place could use a makeover, new paint, some better lights especially since its off the strip and feels like I might get mugged if I were alone.
What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.
Not exactly your 5 stars establishment but the food will definitely bring me back for my next visit to Vegas!
I ate here twice in the span of two days in Vegas and ordered the exact same thing...that speaks for itself!

The first day was a harrowing beginning as we got there at 10:30pm but the 5.99 steak didn't awaken till 11. We didn't get seated until 11:15 or so, which was quite annoying, infuriating, and repulsive, especially considering how empty the place was and how aloof the employees were...

Upon sitting, my group of 8 people all ordered our respective 5.99 steak deals. Took at least half an hour for the plates to come out and when they did, two orders were messed up. 

Service aside, the steak was very good for 5.99. Not gourmet stuff but extremely good for 5.99, especially with the eggs, taters, and toast, which was particularly good/buttery for some reason.

Service was better the second night I came, we were seated immediately and food came out much faster. Guess service is hit or miss! It wasn't crowded either night.

This place is a must go for those of us on a budget but still looking for quality eats, before or after Vegas shenanigans. It's open all night basically so keep it in mind for your late night needs.
Worth the short walk from the Bellagio.  Got there at 9:30 and there was still a wait for dinner! But only 20 minutes, AND it gave us plenty of time to sign up for the Players Card mentioned by other reviewers.  Spend $1 to get $10 in free slot play, plus discounts on their food.  The $8.99 steak and beer dinner was overall very good-- my boyfriend got the IPA and didn't care for it much (living in Wisconsin can ruin that for you), but the root beer was good and the steak was fantastic.  Potato was pretty good if you get extra sour cream and add tabasco :)  I don't like green beans myself so I can't speak to those. AND you get a salad or soup to go with it. 

The waitress we had was efficient and polite, not overly friendly but I'm pretty sure she was waiting on pretty much the whole room so totally understandable.

In summary, it's an insane deal for Vegas. Take the walk if you're staying close by on the Strip!
My wifey & I decided to venture off of the strip, try something the locals probably do :)

This is a cute little casino that has Karaoke nights. It is really popular because when we got there & put in our request for a song we wanted to sing it was like a 30 minute wait. Enough to make you a nervous-wreck if you hate waiting. 

The locals there mistaked my friend & I for locals because I guess people don't really venture off the strip. The locals were very welcoming & inviting. I would totally go back here when I go back to Vegas.

Not to mention I got hit on by a lesbian ;) that's a first. Whoa der..... lol.
Beer is awesome! Food is a russian roulette! Seems to be a very popular and busy place. Drinking at the bar is my favorite thing to do with my Vegas Chain gang and pretty reasonable! Too smokey for my taste but after a few beers it less bothersome,  lol! Dinner is ok, but very busy so you might have to wait longer for seating and eating but reasonably priced.
Every time we come to Vegas this is the 1st place we stop and the only place we hang out! Love the people and the atmosphere. The Beer is very good and priced just right. Food was good to.
what a find this place was , had the steak special thats not on the menu someone  just told me to ask for it . Really really  nice and only seven dollers we called in a few times after that .the true yorkshireman coming out of me.get it darn thee neck..
FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE.

Have gone here every time I've been in Vegas since I first went to Vegas seven years ago, and will continue to go there any chance I get.

The food is just such a good deal.  You can't beat the prices for what you get anywhere in town.

Don't expect anything fancy.  This place is the antithesis of the new, modern places on the strip.  But the people are decent, the tables are cheap (all $5) and it's a good place to go to escape the bougie folks if you just want to grab some grub and play some craps.

I took my parents here for their first time just this past month and they enjoyed themselves, too.  Not to mention my family won a couple hundred bucks on the craps table!  We'll be back soon!
We were referred by a friend and I must say if you are hungry for a juicy steak and eggs this is the place to come, this is the best tender juicy steak I've had, we were seated in less then 15 mins, for the price we paid it's well worth it less than $14 meal and drink, I give 4 stars just because there's no drink menu
The parking sucks but besides that this place is super cool!! Cheap food and beer! Hmmm shots are not so cheap... but thats all i have to complain about! The Karoke was lots of fun!
This place is AWESOME!!! I've been hearing about it for years from friends, and I only regret not going sooner! The karaoke bar is so fun, I saw everything from dungeon masters singing Metallica (and well, too), to a girl with a nice pair getting them autographed by everyone at the table! The prices on beer are outstanding!! If you drink one of their brewed in-house varieties, it will only run you $2.50 for a HUGE 20oz beer!! The shots are about like everywhere else for the pricing though. If you want to go out with a bunch of friends, party your a$$ off, and not spend a ton of money, all while in a nice environment, this is IT!!
So I'm staying at the Holiday Inn off the strip for work. My budget is pretty tight, and there really isnt much in walking distance that seems all too appetizing...enter yelp's greta reviews of Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.

Only a 10 minute walk up the block from where I'm staying, the unassuming roadside casino looks way seedier than the inside lets on...well kindof, the low light, smoky electronic casino with a few craps/blackjack tables isnt exactly Atlantic City.

Of course, the review is about the food - $15 gets you 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken with 2 pieces of garlic bread, 2 pieces of corn, chili, and cole slaw. I ate this about 3 hours ago and I'm still totally stuffed. The ribs were delicious, and the corn was cooked so perfectly - it fell right off the cob. The rest of the food was a notch below these 2 things, but really no major complaints. 

I wasnt a huge fan of their BBQ sauce, it's a little too sweet not enough smoke, but it was still very tasty. I think it would work great with pulled pork.

I'd be back here again, I know I will be by the end of the week to try out the rest of their food.

Ohh and the beer is pretty good and VERY cheap.
Wow this place is fun!  The beer is good and the prices are cheap!  It's actually refreshing to come and chill, sing karaoke and play the slots.
Ellis Island Casino is an old school casino that brings me back to childhood when I visited Vegas with my parents. There was a wait here when I last came here with my group for late night around 11 pm. The steak and eggs is still good but the quality is not as consistent. Some days the steak is cooked just right, other times it's a little over cooked. The size of the steak does not seem consistent either. However, for the price, I can't complain. I still haven't tried the prime rib dinner yet. That's on my to eat list the next time I'm here.
Love the ribs here. Gotta arrive early to put your name on the list. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes during meal times. 

Get player's card and print discount coupon. One coupon works for entire party. $14.99 for full rack + 2 sides; you can't find it anywhere else other than Ellis Island!

Well worth the wait for good food and cheap gaming at Ellis Island. A must stop in Vegas!
The food is awesome at some very reasonable prices! Stay away from the fancy Vegas restaurants, this one is the Bomb!
If your looking for a diamond in the rough, this is the place for you. We waited a few minuets for our table so we took in some sights at the karaoke bar. Our food was excellent. I definitely recommend the prime rib. Amazing!!!! The brewed beer was a plus.
Several years ago a cab driver told us about Ellis Island & we've been regulars on each of our Vegas trips.  OH YEA, it's a funky place, in between the Motel 8 & a 7/11 but they have an amazing bbq restaurant with just about the best baby back ribs you can get anywhere & the prices are incredible.  when they open at 4pm on any day, there's a line to get in & at 6:30p there can be a 1hr wait for a table.  They've recently moved the BBQ restaurant to the back where it's a much nicer space.  Waiters are all fantastic & when you get the players card, you get add'l discounts.  (one needed per table) I don't recall the prices, but they're lower than anywhere else.  Easy parking outside.
Haven't eaten at Ellis Island, so this review is on the beers (my specialty).
Note that their beers are also available at the Village Pub in the LV airport.
The bar is set very low when it comes to breweries in Las Vegas, so within that context their beers are average. The Amber is my favorite, and has a strong caramel flavor, slightly sweet finish, no hopping to speak of. The light is essentially Bud/MGD but made locally. Nothing special. The Weiss features only minimal wheat, clove, spice fruity flavors, so think American wheat beer rather than German hefeweizen. The stout is a slightly less roasty Guiness, easy to drink though, and the IPA is nothing of the kind. Last time I had it I thought it was the light at first. The IPA has really little to no bitterness, hop flavor or aroma. 20 IBUs perhaps? Don't expect much from it if you are a craft beer drinker.
They are known for having decent, super cheap food, so go here for the food or gambling, not the beer.
Always my first stop in Vegas. I usually catch the redeye from Boston and upon checking in to the hotel I head straight on over to Ellis Island for prime rib.  Sooooo delicious and the food there is beyond reasonable.  You could do well here if you are diabetic or gluten sensitive.  They don't load their menus with starches and sugar spiking foods.  Where necessary you can substitute vegetables, the fruit is fresh.   When it's crowded in there you may have to wait for a seat/table but you can gamble while you wait.  If you're not a gambler pretend that you are and sit at one of the slots.  There are no benches or seating available to store yourself while you wait for a table to open.  They have a boisterous karaoke bar in another section of the establishment.  Some of the singers in there are loud, drunk and awful.  If you can sit through this you'll be fine.  My kind of place!
Great place for cheap beer and its brewed there hef for $2 and $1 during happy hour. I don't drink beer but my man liked it. And for you non-alcoholics who are naturally high on life they brew their own rootbeer! the best I ever had. I recommend it for groups who are looking to drink cheap beer eat greasy food and socialize very low-key a lot of locals. I tried the ellis island chicken it was tasty and huge portions
Make sure to get the $8.99 steak dinner special. Go during lunch for fast in & out service, there is a wait during dinner.  They make you sign up for a casino players card now to get the steak special, but it only takes 5 mins and is free.  The special comes with steak, soup / salad, veggie, and a 20 oz beer.
All the food is homemade, american diner type food.  The soup is fresh made daily. 
All the beers are good, but the IPA and wheat were my favs.
The atmosphere is a bit dated, but adds to the "old vegas" feel of the place.  Cheap food, cheap beer, and delicious.  Only an 8 minute walk from the Flamingo.
This place is an absolute MUST whenever I'm in Vegas. Just writing this review makes me dream and drool about their chicken fried chicken... yum...

The prices are insanely low and you get a TON of food. $12.99 will get you a steak & a beer! Their deals are fabulous and you get way more than you pay for. I seriously don't know how they do it, but please, keep it up!

The casino and restaurant are not the greatest by far, but you'll get cheap tables ($5 craps anyone?) and there's plenty to do while you wait for dinner (and trust me, you'll be waiting for at least an hour to be seated). Ellis Island is not far from The Strip, so if you don't have a car, a cab ride will not cost you much at all plus you'll be saving so much money on dinner.

Even though I've been here a couple times, I never go with any expectations, so I am always beyond satisfied with my experience at Ellis Island!
Went here over the weekend. Heard great things about it from some locals. We did the Karaoke bar. My girls Nicole and Kelly sang some amazing songs. The DJ Travis was fantastic. If you love to sing ( which I don't sing) but if you love to and want a nice dive bar that is family owned and friendly, I suggest you go here. I truly had a great time.
The must visit restaurant when you come to Las Vegas is not Wicked Spoon, it's not The Bellagio Cafe, not anything you'll find in a guide book... it's the cafe and smokehouse INSIDE Ellis Island Casino.  

First off the cafe.  $5.99 Steak and Eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs, buttered toast, home fries and a 8 oz steak.  $5.99!!!!!  I went in thinking it was too good to be true, there must be a catch!   The steak is probably some overcooked piece of expiring supermarket aisle chuck steak, right?   Noooooooooooooooo... this steak is magical!  It's a thick cut of meat, cooked to perfection.  Charred on the outside, just a little pink on the inside.  Fatty meat, juices oozing out, tender loving care by the mouthful.  Quite possibly the best steak on the strip-- certainly better than the $70 wagyu I had at Jean Georges Steakhouse (seriously guys, dipping sauces for your steaks?)

Second, the smokehouse.  $13.99 for a full rack of ribs, garlic bread, brisket and beans and coleslaw.  These are some quality, falling off the bone ribs.  Not the overcooked kind, but the juicy meat with smokey flavor and just a touch of sauce.  Need to wash that down?  How about a $2 beer?  any beer.  Try the Amber Ale...   BECAUSE THESE GUYS ARE A MICROBREWERY TOO!!!!  

This is real match made in heaven.  I love Ellis Island.  Power to the locals, please don't hate us for giving this place away on Yelp!
It's a place for late night cheap meals but the last time I went, service too extremely long. Other than that one time its alright, cheaper than places on the strip.
This place was close to my hotel and I went here because a local said that this place had loose slots.  I walked it and it was dungy, dirty with a lot of shady looking people.  I thought about eating or having a beer but everything looked grungy and nothing looked appetizing.  When I left, a shady character stopped me and asked if I wanted "Party favors".  I was alone and on foot so it was intimidating.  I wouldn't go back here.
cheap but not worth a long wait, had the prime rib and asked for medium rare and it came out medium - steak was dry/tough. its a place where the old timers go and its off the strip.

they make their own rootbeer which wasnt bad.
This is always a must stop by spot for me everytime I am in vegas. I recommend their bbq which is open 4pm to 10pm. If its any hour in the day I recommend the chicken fried steak or the prime rib. Also try to go on tuesday they have amazing split pea soup. The environment is a run down casino and bar, but man do they know how to make food.
On my annual roadtrip to Vegas with my family (yeah I'm classy like that) we almost always go straight to Ellis Island for dinner. Originally we went for $6 steak dinner (not on the menu) and $1 draft beer. Since then, prices have raised- beers are now $2/pint at the bar, and $2.50 at the table. I in no way believe that's expensive, just pointing it out. Also- the steak special is now $12, unless you have a coupon, which you can only get if you have a player's card. With the coupon it's $9 or so. So keep that in mind when you come. 

Honestly the steak is pretty good but on our last trip, we ate here two times and I got different items instead. Once I got the chicken and rice pilaf, I can't remember the exact name. It was excellent- sauteed chicken breast, spinach, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms on top of pilaf. It also came with salad. The next time I got "no carb fried chicken" which is just fried chicken without breading, and I will say that this made me rethink fried chicken completely. It was without a doubt much better than most fried chicken I've ever had, specifically because the skin was able to get very crispy not being battered, and the meat was incredibly moist and flavorful due to the skin being on. 

We've definitely had some colorful visits here, and sometimes the food has been not as good. The steak can be chewy and tough at times, and once my father literally choked on it (like, there was a line of people giving him the Heimlich maneuver). However I think he blames it on his lack of chewing, not the food, since he happily returns here for the steak. I realize that's a bizarre endorsement but hey, it's gotta count for something. Our most recent visit, it was right after my birthday and right before my mother's birthday and our waiter brought us a free slice of their chocolate cake. Normally I wouldn't care much about free chocolate cake, but this was fantastic. It was also made in house and really made me see their desserts in a different light. The BBQ, pizza and deli options here are also very good, so I would happily come back here on my next trip, and if you want a good cheap meal, I would recommend others come here as well.
Steak and eggs !!! It took a while to get our food and the french toast sucked but it was well worth it for a 10oz steak for $5.99. This is a must stop place in Vegas if you want to eat steak and eggs like a champ.
The hole-in-wall of a wall with many, many holes. If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and not spend $20 on a hearty breakfast, or $40 on dinner, get yourself here. Now, don't get me wrong, the food is by no means spectacular. It's highly average, but for the area it's cheap, decent and will fill you up. The fried chicken seems to be the standout on the menu, and for less than $7, you get four HUGE pieces, freshly fried, not too greasy, incredibly crisp on the outside/moist on the inside (plus a side). 

The in-house brewery also makes some solid beers. 

The casino seems to be the place locals who work on the strip go when they get off.  90% of the slots are penny machines. 

Lastly, if you love karaoke and don't want to spend a ton to do it, come here.  The bar next to the Cafe (mentioned above) seems to be bumpin with folks having a great time.  

If you're decked out in 80" inch heals, or maybe leather pants, or maybe something that would be more fitted for the streets of Manhattan, you won't fit in here.
Some of my girlfriends coworkers recently invited us to join them here to sing karaoke. 

Many years ago this was a great little place called the Village Pub. That was back in the 70s. I once had dinner with Joyce Dewitt here.

Well the days of dining with celebrities here are long gone. Let's flash ahead 30 plus years to my current review.

I work down on the strip and knowing the kind of riff raff that hangs out around here I wasn't expecting much from this experience. As soon as I stepped into the place my expectations were fulfilled. The place was dingy and crowed with the typical prostitutes, drug pushers, losers and other assorted parasites of society you'd expect to see in a bad part of town.

The place has the worst sound system of any karaoke bar I've ever visited.

The staff was slow and seemed bored with their jobs.

Despite all these positive attributes I think I'll refrain from visiting again.
After a long day of dancing at a day club, night club, gambling, and drinking, the $5.99 steak and eggs sounds like heaven in your mouth at 4am!

Some say you get what you paid for, but that is definitely not the case at Ellis Island because the $5.99 steak and eggs tasted pretty good too! I ordered mine medium rare and that was exactly how I got it, although some friends ordered medium rare and got their steaks closer to medium. The food  was actually more than I could finish so I had to ask my bf to help me out with the rest which he gladly obliged and goobled it all down. Not only do you get steak and eggs, it comes with perfectly cooked potatoes and wheat toast on the side. I think awhile back the combo even came with a beer but they stopped offering that now. I seriously don't know how they stay in business with the awesome prices! 

While we ate we also heard karaoke in the adjacent room and if you are a beginner blackjack player I heard they have cheap $5 tables where you can practice your blackjack skills at. Overall, Ellis Island is a great place to hang out if you are on the budget in Vegas and want some cheap thrills and food.
This is a must stop when in Vegas. The BBQ is wonderful! This is the only place that I will order ribs. I don't like food on the bone... but I will eat it here! We have had the prime rib in the coffee shop as well and it was very good!
$6 steak and eggs? Obviously people who get excited about this deal aren't from LA's San Gabriel Valley. The Chinese cafes around here offer $5 steaks and that comes with pasta, steamed veggies, soup and salad. I guess in Vegas, $6 steak is a big whoop so I landed here with a large group around 4am after a night of partying.

Our server was nice and patient. I ordered a medium rare steak with over easy eggs. While the eggs were cooked perfectly, my steak came out medium well. The steak was too dry. I was not going to send a $6 steak back at 4:30am so I ended up putting a lot of sauce on it to make it palatable.

The worst part is the asshole security guy who was rude to me. I walked in with my shoes on and took them off under the table because I had been wearing them clubbing all night. He was reprimanding someone else who walked through the casino barefooted and saw my feet under the table and started pointing at my face and raised his voice at me to put my shoes on. I, remaining true to my nature, gave him some choice words about his rudeness and utilized appropriate profanity to make sure he was clear about my anger level. Luckily for him he backed off before I went even more ape shit on him.

Am I coming back here? If I find myself with another group of 20 and they want to come, sure I would force myself to come back. I, however, will not be suggesting this place or have any desire to come back.
Whenever I come to Vegas I always make a point of visiting Ellis Island. I seem to do most of my gambling here, but there's way more to Ellis Island than that.

Food

Metro Pizza (local chain) has a counter here. They have whole pizza and pizza by the slice, and Thursdays and Sundays feature BOGO free deals.

Their restaurant is open 24/7. The vegetable omelet really hit the spot late night (or was it early morning?) The fish and chips were just OK. If you eat red meat, I hear good things about the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast and the $7.99 steak dinner.

Drink

$2.00 20 ounce microbrews. Yes, you read that correctly! They brew on the premises and the IPA is my favorite. They also have hard lemonade which I haven't tried yet.

They have a karaoke bar which is quite popular. I was there for a while and I never got to take the stage, but maybe my song got tossed (Sid Vicious' version of "My Way" might not have gone over very well).

Gambling

$5 blackjack and craps tables. Well, one craps table that you may have to get them to open. I was doing pretty well last time but they shut down at 1:00 am. That's why I'm docking them a star.

They also have full pay Jacks or Better video poker. If you haven't played, it's a mellow, low-stakes game that you can learn at your own pace. Why pay $2 for a beer when they'll serve you for free?

OK, so Ellis Island may lack the glamour of the Strip casinos. Do you want to actually have fun while you gamble? Do you need $5 tables and $1 video poker? The only way you can't have a good time here is if you lose all of your money. Don't do that. Bet with your head, not over it.

Good luck!
Saw all the Yelp reviews so I decided to give this place a chance. Plus since we came here as four students out budgets were quite low for dinners and lunch. 
I ordered the King's Cut Prime Ribs. It came with a salad and mashed potatoes + a free tall (and by talk I mean REALLY talk glass) of root beer/beer. However, the ribs were alright, borderline under the normal standard. The Mashed Potatoes though is SUPER SMASHING. I would totally pay $10 just to eat them. The texture is silky and the gravy is like... There is really no words I can describe it.
My friend ordered a Streak Sandwich, NY Strip and a Pasta and they all came out to 
about $100 something for four so that's not bad.
One plus point about this place is that the service is excellent and there are plenty of seats. 
So all in all, a great place to eat if you want to pass all the ridiculously expensive restaurants but also don't want to have to resort to the McDonald across the road
great place never heard of it i decided to stop by since it was close to my hotel i liked it alot old place but good food i was surprise not expensive at all great place to eat check it out
Will make sure to stop at this joint every time I come to Vegas. Got a steak dinner for $8, with a beer, soup, and a baked potato. Very good deal
The meal deals here are dirt cheap! =)

Check out their menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/ellis/dining.html

Waitress was very nice & sweet; made us feel like we were very welcomed here.

Got the special Steak & Eggs deal: AWESOME deal in all of Vegas! =)

The steak was tender, juicy, yummy; just perfectly cooked.;)

Service: A

Food: B+

Atmosphere: C (typical old dimly lit casino with smell of cigarettes everywhere)

Thank you Aaron L. for recommending this place! =)
So much fun! It's a little ways off the strip, but if you're looking for a mostly pleasant atmosphere and decent food for a great price, I recommend it. The karaoke in the lounge was a blast!
I was looking for something reasonably cheap since I spent a ton of money the night before on dinner. This place looks like it hasnt been remodeled since it opened back in the late 60's, lol.

Anyway, I ordered the Meatball pazone. It was a bit greasy, but it tasted so damn good. I got full eating the thing. The side of fries were also good. Not overdone or oily.

If your looking for something late night or cheap, come here. Food is good, the service good and can't beat the price.
Wow. This place is just awesome. Cheap slots and table games, $2 beers, $8.99 steak specials...why wouldn't you come here. The food is delicious and the people are friendly. This is seriously the best dive bar I've ever been to. Also, there's Karaoke starting at 9pm. Skip some of the hustle and bustle of the strip to come by enjoy affordable food and stick around to gamble the way Vegas used to be.
During a 4-day stint in Vegas my friends and I found ourselves here EVERY night, lol. Why? Well, it's got good cheap eats, cheap gambling, and free karaoke--are you sensing a pattern here? I ate two meals here and both were solid: chicken fried steak on one occasion and the fish & chips on another. VERY generous portions and stick-to-your ribs good. Another good option if you get before before midnight is the pizza; as with everything else in this place, it's cheap and good. And the $2 beer! It's the kind of Vegas value you don't see very often anymore. I'm definitely a fan and I believe it'll have to be a stop every time I find myself in Vegas. Apparently they take the Ellis Island motto of "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses" to heart!
Prices great, didnt realize it was attached ti a Super 8
I want to give this place ZERO stars.

A group of my friends and I walked here from our hotel to eat what was supposed to be cheap and decent food according to yelp. There was around 14 of us and we came at 5 pm on a Friday which is a pretty off time since it is a bit before dinner time.

We walked in there and standing behind the younger hostess in the front was an older blonde lady that seemed to be in her late 40s-50s. We came in, gave her the number in our party and she told us that there were too many of us and that the restaurant can't accommodate us. We looked around and just from the parts of the restaurant that we could see, we saw around 5 empty tables. We told her we didn't  mind splitting up into many tables. She also went far enough to say that no restaurant in Vegas will accommodate our group since there are so many of us. We said again that we can split into many parties, but her adamant answer was that we "cannot be accommodated". This whole time that younger hostess next to the moody older lady just looked at us awkwardly.

We were very polite and gave them absolutely no reason to refuse service to us but just the fact that our group was big (even though they have numerous empty tables).
Ellis Island is an oft overlooked dining gem in Las Vegas.  While its neighborhood location and interior atmosphere could BOTH use a bump up, the food is of consistently good quality and value.  What Ellis Island doesn't offer in ambiance, it returns in quality and value of food and service.  Drive by fast and you'd never know it's there!  Except for the returning fans who stand in line all day, sometimes for as long as an hour, to get a table.  Like many Las Vegas restaurants, Ellis Island has "off the menu" specials, one of which here is the $9.99 steak dinner.  it includes a well-chosen, succulent steak cooked to order (NOT like the gristly, tough shoe leather they pass off as steak down the street at Mr. Lucky's (at the Hard Rock).  Add to that a choice of soup or salad, choice of potato, freshly prepared vegetables (I usually receive green beans sauteed in garlic & butter) AND your choice of a tall ice cold beer or root beer, BOTH brewed right there on site!  When you walk away from Ellis Island, your wallet will thank you, your stomach will thank you, your friends and family will thank you, and most of all, you'll say to yourself "WOW! that was actually a really good dining experience! I never expected that kind of quality and value from such a meager place!"  TWO THUMBS UP FOR ELLIS ISLAND!
The price for food is what the rest of the Las Vegas strip SHOULD charge. The higher end places now just steal from tourists because they won't leave the casino to eat because of travel time and more importantly the HEAT. I heard back in the 70s and 80s food was almost free to get you to gamble now corporations want to rob everyone for every dollar. Go here save a few bucks it's worth the $9. Pass on the $58 steak at the Wynn unless you burn money for fun.
I really don't like when people rate a location based on what they expect, rather than what it is... Ellis Island is close enough for tourists and just far enough for the locals trying to avoid the brunt of the strip BS.

Ellis Island has been around since the 60's and they have DELICIOUS home brewed beers (stout, IPA, Amber Ale, root beer, light, or hefeweizen) for even a homeless persons budget on top of meal deals that will make the late night drinker (or smoker) beyond satisfied. They have karaoke in one bar room, a cafe in the other, and a middle bar that surrounded by their main games/tables.

Located just one cross street from the strip you can't beat the feel of older town vegas, with the prices and deals this place provides. There is also a Metro Pizza located inside the casino open during the day which a HUGE local favorite spot around Vegas.

I've been sipping on a stout and eating loaded potato skins since I arrived and can definitely get used to this place... The security and bartenders were nicer than most places in Vegas and the place is very laid back.

$7-10 cab ride (if that) from the strip and you will save a lot more heading here if you are on a budget rather than staying on the vampiric money sucking strip...

5/5 stars for fusing what tourists/locals are looking for for right off the strip! A cheap good time!
prime rib isnt what it used to be, but on my 2nd to last visit the 5.99 or 7.99 (bad memory) steak & eggs hit the spot! i used to always come for prime rib but now i'd come back for the steak & eggs. my friend ordered a roast beef sandwich here last time and it was pretty delish!!
I only had breakfast at the restaurant. I ordered an omelette and they charged me for Salsa.  I always order omelette's when I go to a restaurant and I've never had a restaurant charge me for that.  It's no different than ketchup or steak sauce.  There is no excuse for them to be charging for salsa.  My family and I will not go back until they change that policy and stop taking advantage.
My mom and I came here for breakfast after seeing it on Yelp.  We had the steak and eggs for $5.99.  The steak was very tasty, what a bargain!  We came back for dinner twice.  One time we ate at the restaurant and everything was really good.  The other time we went for the barbecue . . . Amazing.  Delicious!  Love the down home ness.  The beer is also really good and SO cheap!
For years, this has been home to an off-menu $7.99 steak & microbrew special. I've been coming to this dump (and I mean that in the most loving way possible) for a quality steak and beer brewed on the premises for at least 10 years.

Those days have come to an end.

You can still get a better steak than you'd expect in a somewhat run-down coffee shop that's just a little too far to be walking distance off the Strip, but you now have to work for it a little bit. Step 1: sign up for the players card. Step 2: play at least a dollar with the club card. Step 3: go to a kiosk, swipe your card, and print a voucher for a $8.99 steak & microbrew. Then go eat. 

On my last visit I hadn't known that the off-menu special was now off the off-menu and the waitress was kind enough to give me an extra voucher to use, but you can't always count on them being able to help you out. The meal is worth the extra hoops to jump through. If you're not a drinker, you can get a house-made root beer in place of a microbrew. 

The EI also has cheap pizza, cheap ribs, and a cheap steak and eggs special if you don't want to deal with the players card. The restaurant is frequently busy because it's cheap and good. But the place is a total dump. You won't impress your date here.

If you want to party like a total low-roller, you have to go to the EI at least once.
A fantasic Rib special!!
Stopped here for dinner before our Vegas departure. Should have been eating here all week. Great food, huge portions, at a great price! Oh and its not crazy packed and loud like the strip joints. Great to relax , eat , drink and gamble. Just a block behind Flamingo and Ballys. Check it out! I got the fish and chips, husband got the prime rib. DELICIOUS!! Oh and that chocolate spoon cake was to die for.  Sad I missed the breakfast and ribs too.
Best place in Vegas! Food is great - Beers are cheap! I go every time I am in Vegas!
We all like dive bars right? Well I gotta like a dive casino too... 

This is a perfect example... What could be more fun while in lost wages than that? They have the basic table games, slots, grub, etc. But they don't have a $25 min per bet and let you just enjoy things a bit more. Want to win a free jug of beer at blackjack? Well then you need to bet $10 per hand... fun little incentive there isn't it?

Pro Tip: Hell you can nap at a restaurant table if you need to after clubben n grubben!

They have a karaoke bar, a pizza parlor, a diner (the aforementioned sleeping zone =Z). I mean what more could you want... wait you want lower prices? Fine its pretty cheap here, so we got you covered... something else also??? Argh! How about a giant roundabout bar in the middle of the gaming area?

Seriously this joint while being only a city block off the strip, is full of fun chit at cheap rates and provides a wonderous nightcap. There is even an attached motel for those who can no longer drive. What more do you want? I don't know but I was here every day for an hour or 3 on my last trip to lost wages... cray cray I know but so what its fun, especially at 4am or whatever ridiculous hour it was when I last rolled into this joint. 

I just had fun here and liked the chill crowd, fun peoples and games. Everyone in our group just about thought this place rocked also.
The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous.
Its all true! Great Steak, beer, penny slots that pay. 
Make sure to get the players card and play a  least a buck, its worth it for the deal on the beer & a meal.

~old school LV~
We usually come here every year, but the host at the front desk was EXTREMELY RUDE. We had a big party, but they don't accept reservations. We came in and we had to be split up at different sides of the restaurant. She rolled her eyes when we got to the front. I'm rating a 1 star because they usually take us, no matter how big of the party. They have gone down in hospitality.
Searched the Internet for a great, reasonably priced Prime Rib & found Ellis Island. Walked a mile on some sore feet but after the first bite of the Prime Rib all my aches disappeared. (Guess the Prime Rib had healing powers!) Entire dinner delicious and was only $13.99 (includes dinner, soup & craft beer). House Merlot great too ($3.25). To top it off had a fantastic waiter, Eugene. Only thing that would have made this any better would be if my Hubbie was here to enjoy with me. Will be back next trip for sure!
We must check out any brewery within our reach when we travel so we decided to walk over to Ellis Island.  Just a few blocks off the strip, behind Ballys, but man o man is that a hot few blocks!  So as we walked up I was thinking that it looked pretty crappy.  Not very nice from the outside, in fact not really that nice inside either.  But it ended up being a good experience.  We sat down at bar and asked to get a flight of their beers.  The bartender said he didn't want to make us pay for a flight but that he would let us try all the beers.  All light at refreshing.  Not amazing but nothing was nasty.  I am always super excited when places also have a homemade root beer!  The beers were really cheap and the service was really good.
Have not been back since the food inspection noted on November 2012.
http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/177746751.html

"The pictures really do tell the story of Ellis Island restaurant's 60-demerit closure."
One of the Best MicroBrews in Las Vegas. The brew is set inside the Ellis Island Casino along with their restaurant and Karaoke Br. All around favorite of mine.
Divey and delicious BBQ.  This is a great alternative to the high-end/expensive restaurants on the strip and a great place to relax  with a cold beer made in the adjoining micro-brewery.  There are only three menu choices: ribs, chicken, or chicken and ribs, and you get a $3 discount by getting a players card at the casino.  The drinks are inexpensive and the atmosphere laid back, but what more would you expect from a casino located right next to the Motel 6.  Don't expect too much in terms of atmosphere but do expect a good time and good food.
This is a friendly, divey spot, providing a relatively close, off-strip option if you feel like some low-key gambling.  It's not crowded (or wasn't when I was there), and has various low-limit tables.

The cafe was about average.  I had steak and eggs, and the steak was quite tough and dry.  The garden salad is basic and no frills, but crisp and fresh.  The fish and chips were fine - the breading on the fish was a little oily and bland, but the fish was moist and tender.  I tried the amber ale, and it was a little bitter for my tastes, but the handcrafted root beer was good.  Our server was suuuper friendly.
The best friends I have in Vegas mean everything to me.  The best friends in Vegas can do no wrong in my eyes.  The best friends in Vegas LOVE Ellis Island and that makes me love it too.  We planned a short stay-cation on Friday and thought this was the perfect place for a dine in dinner.  I've been here before and knew what to expect...and was ready!

Ellis Island is a small casino on Koval and Flamingo.  It's a little outdated but busy with locals and tourists.  The casino is a little smokey and the carpet makes the place look dated.  The restaurant in the casino is no different.  Dark maroon booths, wooden tables and lots of printed carpets.  The one thing I can appreciate is the wait for a table.  There's always a wait.  Tells me that this place is worth checking out.  On this visit, our server was a little creepy.  He kept winking at us and stared us down, but in the end, hooked us up big time.  

For dinner, we got the steak dinner (which is not on the actual menu...it's on their secret menu!)  for $8.99.  It's usually $11.99 unless you have their players card.  Although the card is free, we didn't have one, but our server actually gave us the discount anyway.  That's how he hooked us up!  This meal comes with a thick cut of steak, mine cooked medium rare, choice of potato, I chose the baked potato, and garlic green beans.  This meal also comes with your choice of their in house brewed beers.  I chose the light beer, equivalent to a bud light.  The steak resembled a filet but only the look!  It was still delightful and a thick cut of meat.  Juicy and cooked just the way I like it.  The baked potato was just served with butter and sour cream.  Where's the chives?!?!  I loved the green beans.  Seems blanched with nice sized pieces of garlic.  Super good.  The beer was refreshing and perfect for the meal. 

The one thing I love about my best friends in Vegas is the fact that they are so humble about the places they frequent.  They've turned me onto this place and the rest is history.  In my opinion, it's almost a five star.  I just can't give it that, as the places I've given five stars to before is in a whole other league.  Trust me though, I will be coming back to this place over and over again.  It's worth every last penny!
This little casino has one of the best deals that you can probably get near the strip.  It's not walking distance but it would be a very short cab ride.  Inside the place is dark, a little dingy and kind of ghetto coming from staying at Encore but surprisingly busy.  Back to the deal, all you need is someone to sign up for the players card and they will get a coupon for the whole table to enjoy a $9 dinner of Sirloin steak, baked potato, garlic green beans and a beer. Freaking crazy deal! 

Our server Eugene was extremely friendly and gave us some tips on what to do with our time there and didn't make a stink face when I sent my overcooked steak back for another one.  My 2nd steak was a perfect medium rare and at $9 was better than I expected.   The other sides weren't anything special but better than nothing.  

While you're waiting get a $2 beer at the bar.
Cheap food, busy spot and it was extremely HOT!! At first, I thought it was hot because it was busy with lots of people but something was wrong with the air conditioning. It was difficult to sit and be patient because it was hot. As I looked around, I could see other people feeling the same way. Not a good experience when you're feeling extra hot. I'll try it again.
Everytime we go to las vegas we make sure we go to ellis island, its cheap and delicious! Once we wen for breakfast before 11 am and we got steak and eggs for only 4.99, the steak was delicious and a good size, we have been there for bar-b-q and their chicken and ribs are also great and not to expensive. Make sure you get their rewards card and you will get good dinner deals too! I highly recommend it!
Off the strip but totally worth the walk.

Friendly staff.

Great prime rib.

Beer was good.

Prices were great. Can't beat 13.99 for king cut prime rib with a beer.

Drinks in the casino were well portioned.
Yummy, tummy-satisfying meal without breaking your bank account. LOVE! My boyfriend and I found our way to Ellis Island thanks to yelp. Totally would have missed this nice little gem without the help of yelp f'sure.

+King Cut Prime for $12.99! I mean how cheap is that?! Glorious price considering it's a prime rib meal.. in VEGAS. The prime rib was cut in generous portion and I had hard time finishing half my meal with all the sides that came with.
+The prime rib comes with soup or salad AND root beer or tall glass of beer. Yes, you heard me right. A tall glass of beer! Ellis Island, I love you. When we went, the soup of the day was cream chicken soup so we opoted for that and it was delish! My tall glass of amber beer was good too! The meal automatically comes with green beans cooked in garlic. yums!
+You can also add baked potato for additional $1 charge. You can load the potato with sour cream and butter to your liking. Yee.
+Waiter and waitresses at Ellis Island are sweethearts. They always remind you to get the player's card there so we can get a $1 off coupon for our entree!
+All the other items here are reasonably priced. Will definitely venture out to other dishes next time.

-The only downside is that this place is unnoticable. It's located behind Bally's so it's only a street down from the strip but I never really noticed it before even though I've passed by it bajillon of times. I don't think I would have chosen to stop by here on my own will if it wasn't for yelp..

My boyfriend and I have decided we'll visit Ellis Island every time we come to Vegas from now on. Two thumbs up!
The prices were great, but they were out of stout...

I was a bit crowded and that left the staff super spread out... Our table faced the kitchen door and it was obvious they only had two cooks in the kitchen, I wonder how the dining room got so croweded?  But for the price I don't mind having to wait for our food, beg for water and the check.

I will say the people watching was priceless!  It looked like perhaps a convention of middle-aged mid-west salesmen had hit the place hard just before we were seated! Hilarious :)
Best prime rib dinner ever! If you're looking for lots of food at a great price, look no further!
This was our first stop this past weekend.  We walked in, starving, hoping for some awesome cheap steak and prime rib.  

The place was pretty empty when we got there, around 4pm on friday.  

Server was friendly.. I wanted the steak and eggs but its only available from 11pm-11am.. figures.

Server points out the $8.99 sirloin steak special but says that i need a coupon which i can get for signing up for a players card... after some thinking, i decide to get the card.  Pretty easy, 5 minutes and i was done.  Anyways, the special comes with a 8oz sirloin, mashed potatos, green beans, a soup or salad, and also a beer.  NIce! 

GF got the $13.99 king cut prime rib

Food comes out and my steak while cooked perfectly, is pretty tough.  The prime rib is also served as requested but i guess it cooked itself sitting on the plate because after about 3-4 bites, the pink color started to go away.

Prime rib was definitely better than my steak.  Mashed potatoes were the best thing we had but probably cuz of the salty gravy.  

Overall, i can see the hype but I wouldn't come out of my way to come here again... I was expecting a $5.99 steak and eggs as other yelpers mentioned.
Purely for the value:  5 Stars.  If you like ribs, you won't find a better value anywhere.  A full rack for $16.95 ($13.95 if you're a players club member).  Comes with bread and corn on the cob.  The bread isn't worth the bother but everything else is good.  Wash it down with one of Ellis Island's own brewed beers and you're well on the way to satisfaction!  

The gambling is good (they even have a few table games) and their Karaoke is the best in town (they DO need to beef up their music selection - they don't have ANY Tupac.  I classify Ellis Island as a hole in the wall... don't come here if you are the "strip" type.  Come here to get the gambling, good food and fun for less than half the price of the strip... and only a couple blocks away!
Steak and eggs!! Best deal ever! Open 24 hours too! :)
2 slices of greasy pepperoni pizza and a craft hef $8. Growlers $13 with $7.50 refills. Best deal in Vegas. Right behind the strip next to a super 8 motel.
Never got to eat here. Went here with 13 people and they said they could not accommodate us. They said they are used to a maximum of 8 people only. We spoke with the manager and she said the same thing in a nicer way. This place was half full many empty tables but the couldn't help us. They said they could not guarantee our food would come out at the same time, or even that we could sit at the same table. Let alone in the same area. It was ridiculous.  But it should be expected from a shabby place like this off the strip. This is the first time i have been disappointed after checking yelp. I recommend u don't go with a big group. Terrible for groups.
Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good. What I like best about the restaurant is the quality of the food and the price of the meal.  The price you pay for the meal is very good and the quality is very high.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  They are located east of the strip and behind Bally's on Koval st.  One of my favorite stops to eat when I come to Las Vegas.
My thoughts on Ellis Island is that since the place is too small, the smell of smoke is way too strong but the up's to this place is that they have good cheap beer and you can karaoke while you're there too. Can't comment on anything else as I haven't ate here or done anything else except drink but when and if, and that's a big if, I do then I will make sure to come back and comment. Laters, for now.
I got the steak special.  It is about the cheapest you can get on the Strip.  Of course it is not like the fine dining options that are nearby, but none of those have a special under $10.
when u come here think of a very large hole in the wall bar with alot of extra machines and cheap food and drinks. A local favorite because of how cheap everything tends to be during the right hours and all the giveaways. William hill sports book is here as well so u can pick up ur winnings from all ur online betting. Good specials during games as well.
I must admit, Ellis Island hit the spot when fiending for some steak and eggs. It is a good sized steak and the price isn't too shabby, for $9.99 you get a great steak, cooked really nice even at 4am in the morning, I must say I got to give credit to them chefs back there working after dark and still putting out good food. The food can seem to take awhile for it to come out, but it is expected when a ton of people show up to order the same exact thing you are here for. So i'[ll definitely be back on my drunken binge when I am in Vegas.
This place has deteriorated and is closing down soon. Drink the beer and you will get diarrhea for sure. Don't believe me? Go ahead try it at your own risk! What do you expect for $2.00? 

Look at this : 
Dirty Dining: Ellis Island 
http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.html 

They kicked out food inspectors??? Really? When I was there the other day, they kicked out this guy who was in the middle of winning a game. Security guards uprooted him because management wanted to collect the money. I couldn't believe they would treat a customer like that. Management needs to be replaced or this place closes. Can you imagine how nasty the kitchen is? For a local spot, they sure are brainless to treat locals so disrespectfully. 

Anyways, it's just bad news all around. Same night, someone got mugged outside and I heard gunshots. I hear that someone gets killed out there every week. Not cool even if it was management. Oh, the stench from that place will linger on you for a week even if you take 15 showers a day! Disgusting!
Oh boy Ellis Island.  My coworker suggested this place the first time I went to Vegas a few months ago (yeah I'm a loser I waited way past I was 21 for my return to Vegas).  I was really skeptical since she said the prime rib here was under $10 with the Players Card and tasted exactly like the expensive stuff.  Still, I managed to pull my hungover self as a place to eat on the way back home on a Sunday and OMG I fell in love.  I ended up staying here a few hours longer than I expected and make it a point to come back here every time I'm in Vegas!  The first two times I came there was about a 20 minute wait, but the last time I came for lunch there was no wait at all.  I heard there is usually a wait so just make a Players Card and use the $10 credit they give you while you wait.

They don't have the prime rib as a special anymore but they have a top sirloin with a beer (regular brew or rootbeer) for $8.99 so I always order that instead.  The value for the type of food is spectacular!!!  The 8 oz steak I usually get medium-rare and usually is cooked to perfection except for one time (it was overcooked just a little but it was easily sent back).  It comes with a side of potatoes, green beans, and a salad.  The steak has a nice crust  and it so deliciously juicy.  All the sides taste like how they are supposed to and you'd be surprised by how not overcooked/soggy the canned beans taste cause they still have a slight crisp to them, and baked potatoes are pretty hard to mess up.  This last time I ordered a french onion soup and I thought it had a pretty decent flavor for being $4.99.  I have also tried their rootbeer and it tastes pretty good but you can definitely taste the spices at the end.

I always end up sitting around the bar for a while before/after eating and just relaxing getting out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I like winding down here and having a light beer (really refreshing!).  Bf always forgets and orders the Hef which he doesn't like and the 2nd beer always turns out to be a light heh.  Service is always quick and hospitable.   

There are tons of advertisements for cheap food with the actual food not looking like the advertisements, but hands down I think Ellis Island has the best taste and value for the price!  If you're coming to Vegas without intentions to spend a lot of money on food, definitely stop by here.
My first time trying steak and eggs in Vegas! Although my review may be a little distorted... due to the late hour of our visit and other things, I really liked the steak and eggs here! It was $5.99 for a decent sized sirloin cooked to your preference served with toast and eggs. The restaurant was pretty busy at 4am, but we didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. I really wouldn't expect anything more or less from a steak and eggs run!
"A taste of Reno with a reminder of what makes Las Vegas great": that should be the tag line below the giant "Ellis Island" sign that hangs out in front of this amazing establishment.  Cheap beer, friendly folks and a great time await any patron with an open mind and a good attitude.

I must admit that most of my time here is spent at the bar, but there's more than meets the eye at Ellis Island.  Mosey on towards the cafe and a hearty meal can be had for a reasonably low price. $2 pints are easy on your pocketbook too; try to find that anywhere on Las Vegas Blvd.  The ambiance of cigarette machines and celebrity art work let you know there's no other place like this.

So if you're looking a change in scenery or just need a break from the strip, head over to Ellis Island and escape from the mainland!
Went here for breakfast after asking a waiter at a restaurant the night before where to go for a good, inexpensive breakfast. Went here with ten people and each meal was fantastic. Clean, basic restaurant with good food, service and a great price. Our best meal of the week while in vegas.
Rated #2 prime rib in Vegas! I had a huge craving this past weekend, we came in to eat and gamble a little. Lots of great changes at this past in the last couple years. Great staff/service. Quick, great food, good beer they brew there and some nice upgraded machines! One of my favorites in Vegas will be back each trip!
I come here strictly for the ribs meal.  It's such a great deal and so much food.  The ribs are yummy, not amazing, but very very good.   The sides are okay.  The star is clearly the ribs.

I love that they made the space larger.  Less waiting time.

A must for a bargain meal in Vegas.
The food was great!!!! The staff was very attentive. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of. The Steak and Shrimp combo were excellent and reasonably priced at $11.49. I highly recommend this restaurant to locals as well as tourists. The only issue I had was that I went with a group and we were not able to receive separate checks.
Hands down my favorite restaurant EVER. Whenever we visit LV we eat here at least 2x. I have never had a bad meal or service here. The wait does get crazy long sometimes but it's worth it. Best chicken friend chicken I've ever had. Husband always gets their steak & beer special. Usually less than $20 for dinner for 2. Counting down the days until we visit again.
Meh.
Pork chop with eggs was dry. Bread had a very salty butter. Buddies steak was good. Don't care to go back.
If you like good food this is the place it doesnt have great ambiance and the casino cigarette smoke is horrible while you wait for your table but the good cheap food is worth it. There prime rib and NY style stake is my favorite but when I say medium well they cook it very well and the steak lose the juice so I started ordering medium rare. If you are with friends and want good food this is the right place. They also give u free appetizer soup or salad you cant beat that
Hey not too shabby though our waitress was kinda cranky. But you probably would be too if you worked around cheapskates like me for the past 35 years. 

Definitely an adventure and worth the hike. No we did not get sick. Would go back again.
Our favorite spot for steak & eggs in Vegas! Can't beat the price & its super yummy!! Sign up for their players club & you even get coupons. The root beer is delicious too! We had their brownie dessert last time we were there and OMG...it was to die for!! I definitely recommend this place!!
this place is seriously a must if youre in vegas and have late night drunchies (which is   bound to happen). good food and its CHEAP! 
 
seriously where can you get prime rib and a large glass of beer for about $10?? thats a win in my book already! last time i went i got the chicken fried chicken and was soooo utterly satisfied with my meal. the gravy they used was delicious and you get a huge chunk of battered chicken! my friends ordered different things but they all said mine was the best one. 

service here is wonderul. i forgot our waitresses name but she was so nice and sweet!
Was it just only me or the $4.99 late night Steak & Egg got increased to $5.99.

Even at the $5.99, it is still a good deal and very tasty. Well, anything after 3AM and a long time of clubbing tasty.

I would recommend to take a cab there because the area is dark and without sidewalk at night
Ellis is a true locals favorite. They make their own craft beer priced at $2 for 20 ounces or half price during football. They offer the best barbecue in town s d at the best price in town. Love the Karaoke bar open 7 days a week with KJ Charlie and KJ Lucy. You never know who will show up. Always a great spot did a great time.
In search of a new local brewery to get some great craft beers now, since Main Street 777 sucks, I found Ellis Island Casino. I have been in Vegas over 15 years and have never been in here mainly because I thought the place was a dump. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. This casino is fairly nice inside, not what I was expecting at all. The microbrews are all very good, and at $2 for a 20oz draft, you can't beat that. The reward club is equally great. I got a free $10 in slot play just for signing up. The cafe offers a steak dinner with a beer for something like $8.99. The food was decent and a great value for what you get. I have been back 3 times already and love this place. A really cool place to have a few beers and relax.
If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably be 50 lbs. overweight with all the buffets and cheap (but good) eats everywhere in this desert town. 

By the power of Yelp, we found something off-the-beaten-path that only the locals know about and a few tourists willing to venture out here. It's located just off The Strip, but pretty far enough to get away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. 

This is old-school Vegas at its finest. 

The cafe is located on the corner of this casino with old, dark, rustic wood panels that reminds you of those classic movies from the 50's and 60's. It's definitely uniquely charming in it's own way. She ain't pretty, in fact she's pretty ugly...but beautiful nonetheless. 

Vegas is known for many things, and Steak & Eggs is certainly one of them. Wifey and I were looking for a late-night place to grab some grub and this place lit up as bright as all of Vegas' neon signs combined. 

How could you go wrong with a $5.99 Steak & Eggs special? You simply can't. This is unlike those $5.99 Steak & Eggs specials from Denny's, IHOP's and Reno. It doesn't even come close. 

So the special runs from 11:00 PM to 07:00 AM. It's perfect for a town that doesn't sleep. They also make their own brew.

The one thing I was not expecting from a joint like this was exceptional service. The place is not a dump, it ain't first class either; and certainly not a place where one would expect great service. Our server, Rosie, was superb. Loved everything about her, especially her English accent. 

Besides their $5.99 Steak & Eggs special, she recommended the Prime Rib ($13.99) as they only had a few cuts left and we better get them before they are 86'd. Wifey and I decided to share, and Rosie said that it comes with a 20 oz. beer. 

SOLD!!!

I ordered the 10 oz. Steak & Eggs ($9.99) while Wifey ordered the special, and the Prime Rib with a side of salad. Rosie threw in the soup of the day for good measure. This place did not disappoint one bit as the steaks were cooked to perfection with all the tenderness and juiciness one would expect from a medium rare steak. But I was in for another surprise as I cut a piece of the Prime Rib and the flavor just hit me like Manny Pacquiao's left hook. Rosie was right. 

Had we had more time in this town, we surely would have returned for an encore performance. But alas, that would have to wait until we're in Vegas again.
Honestly the restaurant is very mediocre. But forget that. This is the best casino and the best brewery in Las Vegas. All the machines and tables have low limits so you can stay here for a long time and entertain yourself or a group for hours. The beers are amazing, all hand-crafted on draft and only $2...or if there is a football game, only $1! Which makes this also the best place in Vegas to watch a game, as there are tons of screens with all the games on, plus great service. This is a wonderful spot.
Located about 2 blocks off the strip its a bit hard to get to without a car or a desire to do some walking but if you make the trip the food is worth it.  The casino itself is "interesting"  and certainly not a place I'd hang out at but the food is great.  I found this place by accident a couple of trips ago and make a point of going every time I'm in the  Vegas now.  Portions are large, staff are friendly and the food is good.  Only word of caution is that on weekends during breakfast there tends to be a bit of a wait for a seat.
I absolutely love this place. I go to Vegas at least 4 times a year, and we go to Ellis Island for their steak special every time. It has gotten pricier over the years but it's still worth it. Their beer isn't great and you are lucky to get 1 free drink an hour if you are gambling. Don't go here to play, just eat.
This place is kind of a dive, but it is definitely a diamond in the rough! Some of the patrons are kind of sketchy, but there beer is inexpensive and amazing. They have: light, amber, heffeweisen, and stout. I always get the heffe which has bubblegum and clove flavors like a traditional German Heffe. I always get my hefferweisen with a lemon wedge instead of the orange wedge they serve it with because it just tastes better. Ellis also has growlers you can take home! Beyond that, the cafe has amazing food for cheap. The wings are good, the prime rib is AWESOME, the potato skins are good, the mozzarella sticks are good, and the philly dip is pretty damn good to. Also, Ellis has karaoke every night and it is always fun. Some amazing singers go to Ellis karaoke too!

Every time I have friends come in from out of town I always take them here.
It is a straight retro from the older Vegas era. Dark and low key. A great break from the loud & bright modern Vegas

They have great beers, personally the STOUT is the best option. $2 for a cold 24oz mug doesn't get any better. The food is good and priced to match
Don't be in a hurry, while the staff is very friendly, it takes forever to get anything.


They have plenty of 1 slots to kill time on.
This is a horrible place. Why is it still in business. We went to the karaoke bar. If your not a regular,you will be skipped several. Several regulars went before us 4 times before our group went once. Our waitress who was great, Elizabeth hipped us to what was being done. The DJ  made no secret about it. She told us we could leave if we chose, she was a fat white old chick. This was 12/7/13.
Second time here, and I think this might become a regular haunt. The staff is efficient and super nice. The beer is cheap - and yet still yummy. There's the typical karaoke crowd: good, bad, ugly, tone-deaf. Yet, the crowd is universally supportive, and isn't that what karaoke is all about?

Oh yeah, and the ribs. OMG.

My only complaint: the Baton Death March to the bathroom.
$2.25 root beers, bomb ass tasty fish n chips! $8.99!
Decent food for cheap prices!

I had the full rack of baby back ribs ($14).  The ribs are alright!  The texture of the ribs are odd, I agree w/ Kelvin C.'s review, it tastes like the ribs are boiled.  If you slab on BBQ sauce they taste pretty good.

I also had the half rack of chicken ($9).  The chicken was pretty good.  I thought the breast was pretty dry but nothing BBQ sauce won't fix.  The rest of the chicken was ok.  I'm usually not a chicken guy but this was solid.

Beer is super cheap at $2.  The beer is alright.  It tastes watered down.


TIPS:
-Sign up to be a member to get a discount on your meal.  It saves you about $3-$5 a plate.
-The wait time can be long so queue up before you gamble.
just a block away from the main strip you can feast like a king for under $20.  I had a 16oz prime rib, served with choice of sides and a salad AND a 16oz beer for $13.99  CRAZY DEALS!

The casino floor itself is very old and dingy, so is the restaurant itself but perhaps that's why you can get such a great deal on the food because you're not paying for all the overhead.
Love this place. 

i come here every time I am in Vegas. The prices are fair and the food is good. The location is slightly off the strip but it is easy to get to. They haven't updated their air filtration system so it smells like what Vegas would smell like if they didn't pump perfumed air into the casinos. But aside from the old decor, and the smell of cigarettes and shame, I love this place and highly recommend it.
One of the best kept secrets of Vegas. Just a block from the strip. I sensed more of a local vibe. $2.00 beers,cheap food, a seperate pizza joint, and a sports book makes this place one of my favorites. I love Ellis Island because of its size. The casinos on the strip are so big and a pain in the you know what to get around but Ellis Island is so intimate. More of a hole in the wall than glitzy so if you like bling I would stay away. But if you like great food and drink at awesome prices than Ellis Island is for you.
Ellis Island is a little off-the-Strip Vegas gem! My friend who lives in Vegas took me here to watch the UCLA USC game during Thanksgiving weekend. We got a seat at the bar, got a couple beers (did you know they brew their own beers? I didn't know this until I got there, and they're only $2!), and cheered the Bruins until halftime!

It's a pretty chill casino compared to all the hustle and bustle of the strip. The bartenders were nice and accommodating in changing the TVs for us to watch the game.

Apparently, the food is is not bad either.. perhaps I'll come back to try the steak, but I'm def glad I got to explore this place as a chiller alternative to the Strip.
Ellis Island brewery was an interesting place to visit .  The ale is brewed right here; the pretty copper brewing vats are by the bar area and easily viewed.  The pizza is quite reasonable and sold by the slice and the beer is very reasonable too !!
The down side is the smoky, dark atmosphere and it's somewhat rundown inside,
Great food at cheap prices. Good selection of brews. Gaming is limited and the place can often reek but hey, it is what is is. Grab a meal and go!

Short walk from the strip
2 for 1 pizza on Thursday. Pair with $2 beer, brewed right in the casino (you can see the brewery set-up along one of the walls.

The pizza was fine, but nothing to rave about (but for less than $4 for 2 pieces, which were on special) it was a great accompaniment to the beer.  We sampled the Weiss, the IPA, and the Stout.  Good solid beers, I would totally get the stout again.  Order the beers from the center bar, instead of the pizza place or the sandwich shop to get them in glass (ours were in plastic).

The atmosphere is pretty smoky, so if this is an issue, do not plan to spend much time here, but it is a great pit stop to try some local beers.
Very smoky! We came to try the brews ($2) and they were just OK, definitely not worth a special trip.  The heffeweizen, amber and IPA were served in plastic cups, and all of the beers were very monotone in flavor with little to distinguish them. All also had a slightly off aftertaste.  There were booths on the side of the casino to sit in. It was a Thursday so pizza was 1/2 priced, but it was just ok also.  Overall, very mediocre and while sitting in the 'nonsmoking' section for ~10minutes I started getting a head ache because the little casino had really poor ventilation.  I had to leave, and I definitely wouldn't recommend coming back.
You will find Ellis Island beer at the brewery, Village Pubs and various Metro Pizza locations.  What I cant ever put my hands on is their signature egg nog that is available around the holidays.
If you wanna feel fulfilling at a reasonable price. This is the right place to go. The premium steak was juicy and huge! A must-go in Vegas. The only problem is it is too popular, need to wait for a while before you can get in.
Bouncer told me I'm not my ID.  Had second bouncer confirm, and looked at the other dude like WTF.  So, you know, eff this place we all leaving.  Owner.  I'm 32.  My GF is 26 and didnt get a second glance.  I will share my opinion with everyone I know.
Shhh don't tell. This is likely one of the best meal deals in Vegas! 

It's not on the strip, so you will need to drive or *gasp* WALK yourself over here! It was not a pleasant walk in the sun, and I had the foresight to wear flip flops so I spent a good portion of my walk looking at the ground and avoiding the scary fire ants. The view on the walk over here isn't great, so I wasn't missing out on much.

The interior of the casino isn't great either and the restaurant looks a bit run down, but don't let that fool you. The food here is decently priced, good portioned, and pretty tasty. Our server was wonderful! She was personable, knowledgeable about the menu, and had just the right amount of conversation to  keep you happy, but give you the privacy to eat. 

We went with the prime rib, and it was such a good deal for so much food! The meal came with two sides and a glass of their homemade root beer, which I was quite fond of. 

I'm looking forward to stopping by again the next time I'm in town.
Baby... Ellis Island,

So you've decided to get a divorce and take away my deals??

You had me at $4.99 when we met in 2010. Sure, we argued and I put up with your $3 increase by 2011 when you knew I was returning from a long hiatus. But now, you decided to pull a fast one and take it all away?

No... you've decided to be the hot one and call me out, keeping my babies of steak & eggs away and needing to sell out $12.99 for some even at 3AM?! You've just gone mad now. You've changed. WE'VE CHANGED. And now you've gone way too far.

I found a new one to spend my nights of meat cravings elsewhere. One that understands me and knows I want a $4 steak deal after getting a little bit tipsy.

It's over.

Love,
Andy

PS: You were never that good anyway. I've had better meat in my mouth...
Ellis Island has a small cafe that had great steak specials.   The only problems are that there usually is a wait and the service is slower than molasses but I still come here. 

Food: steak and eggs for 5.99? Sure!  This isn't any angus beef rated steak but for the amount of money, why not eat it?  If you like your steak a little rare inside or even medium rare, ask for rare.  Why?  They cook it two ways, well done or rare.  The rare is a little pink inside and the medium rare is where their well done starts.  Not because they don't know how to cook, just because the steak is so thin.   The Sides it comes with is usually pretty decent too.

Service:  The service is SLOW.  I mean SUPER SLOW.  If you were waiting for your steak to cook on the sidewalk outside during the hottest day of summer in Vegas, you'd probably have a steak sooner than in this place.  They wait staff has a lot of tables to serve and they're also under staffed.  I'm not saying it's a bad thing.  This place is great to chill with friends while waiting for your cheap food.  It's just a thing to note if you're in a rush.

Overall, great prices for decent food and slow service.  It's vegas and it's off the strip, what do you want?  

I'd go back.
The food is satisfying and the prices are very satisfying. I recommend the prime rib ($13.99 and comes with a 20oz beer) and the chicken wings. When a sports game  is on in the bar area, they offer 5 wings for $2 and $1 beer. The beer in the restaurant are is still only $2.25. This place actually brews their own beer, so it is not your typical bud or coors for these prices. I love craft beer, so I am probably more critical having tried so many, but I am sure most people would really enjoy the beer here. The flavor and complexity of the beer is nice, but it did seem to be a bit watered down. Maybe to appeal to piss beer^ drinkers? That said, it is still good beer and very drinkable with a large meal.
They NO LONGER have steak and eggs for $5.99!!! When I asked the host, she said they have it for $9.99 now. So we sat down ordered but the waitress said they have the top sirlion and eggs NOT with NY steak! Argh! We walked out! No need to ever come back this place ever again...unless promo comes back. I am so mad!
Love this place.  A small, local casino.  The majority in here and locals and not tourists.

Hands down the best meal value in Vegas.  BBQ ribs and chicken for $11.99.
Can't beat the price.
You can't beat their $5.99 steak and eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs anyway you want them , breakfast potatoes, and strip steak cooked to your temperature perfectly.  The food was prepared as ordered and delivered very fast.  The service was responsive and friendly. Food wise everything was delivered as promised and expected. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is for the smoky environment.   I am not used to smoke filled restaurants anymore as they do not exist in Tennessee anymore,  this is the norm in Vegas, But they are extra smoky.
The slab of ribs is a one shot deal, you only get the special when you sign up for the players card.  Take a drive to Koval, make that U-turn, tolerate the less than 5 star casino, it's worth it.  I'm going to try the prime rib next time or maybe even pay full price for the ribs, was very good.
Was a great time the food was great and the brewery is amazing...Las Vegas Own Beer. The bar tender Rory at our local Village Pub on Rainbow told us about the fact the E.I. owned and brewed the beers that were in fact on tap at Village Pub. Also told us about the great food specials. Which in fact were amazing almost like Vegas should be. Food portions were good side as well. Overall this was a amazing time. Will for sure be going back & will indeed recommend this casino to all my friends
Great place to hit up when you are in Vegas. Pieces of meat are very good and the servings are good sizes. Everything we had was absolutely worth the price. THe means, the bear and the drinks. Not only a really fare price the food was more than work it. All 5 people that were in our party were happy with they they had and the price they paid for it. Not always something a restaurants do well on.
This place is old school Vegas all the way. The prices here are crazy cheap for all that you get. Where else can you go and get a Steak, beer and sides for $8.99... Just crazy prices. What is even more amazing is the food here is great. Everything we tried was top notch and homemade. Even the cheese stix here are homemade and some of the best I have had. The Desserts are great also if you can find a way to have enough room left over to try them. Be sure to try the cheese cake it is great. The cheese cake here is light and fluffy unlike any other cheese cake I have had. The service is also great, Our waiter was very friendly and took his time to let us know all the stuff we should try. Overall very impressed with Ellis Island.
This place is a staple for every time I go to Vegas, (GO about once every two months). Anyways I love love love this place, It's definitely a locals casino but this place I would say is one of Vegas' best treasures. This place is awesome and if you ever want to have a true orgasm in your mouth go and get ribs. If I was forced to only eat one thing for an entire year it would be those ribs. The portion is huge but also comes with Texas toast, beans, two corn on the cobs and coleslaw. I have been here countless times and I have taken both friends and family to this place and they love it just as much as myself.
Four of us went for breakfast.  2 of us had the $5.99 steak and egg special, which includes house fried potatoes (which are amazing) and toast.  2 of us had the veggie omelet, which was packed with fresh veggies, smothered with cheese, and also served with potatoes and toast.  With coffee and tip, total bill was less than $35. Great deal.  
Service was very good, servers were really friendly and refills of coffee/water were abundant.
We returned for dinner the next day.  2 of us had the penne al forno, which was creamy and delicious.  2 of us had the burgers with no complaint.  The best part-- $2.25 20 oz. beers that are brewed in house.  Both the Hefe and the Light are very smooth.  Total bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees was $45, a steal for being walkable from the strip.
$12.99 for a HUGE cute of slow roasted Prime Rib and baked potato plus it comes with a mother fucking beer too! Granted it may take a while to get seated but you can fill your time watching sports, gambling, or getting drunk with your friends.  

Don't expect the Wynn though cause its old school up in hur, but the food and beer make the trip worthwhile.  And for those of you complaining about it being too far away its located just off Koval and Paradise, which means its only a stones throw Paris / Ballys / Planet Hollywood and is as close as you can get to the strip without being on the strip.  

And hello did you read the first line of my review. $12.99 prime rib, baked potato and BEER...lots of it too and they're dirt cheap.  All beers are brewed on premise are only $1.75 for 20 ounces of ice cold goodness.  Now if that's not enough to sell you on this place come for happy hour when its only a buck!
Ellis Island offers a very good BBQ Rib dinner at a great price. To get the discounted price make sure to get a players card. Once you validate the card you will receive coupons for food and drink specials. Go for the BB Rib dinner half or full rack. The dinners include BBQ Beans Corn on the Cob, Cole Slaw and Garlic Bread.  Not necessarily the best BBQ but definitely a value meal. The Beans are not very flavorful but the Cole Slaw is very good. Worth a visit if you are near the strip.
The dining room dcor is not the strip ambiance. The dcor, along with the tables and chairs are a little dated and the walk thru the casino a little smoky. This is an old time Las Vegas locals place.
I really wanted to like this place but overall it was just okay.  It's definitely a little run down looking and my friend who lives in town told me "if you see a group of people standing outside, that means there's going to be a fight so just drive by first." There wasn't so we got to dine here.  

Yay:
-Prime rib: Cheap and comes with a beer or root beer. Prime rib was seasoned well and the green beans it came with was cooked nicely. 

Nay:
-Service: I almost want to say our waitress was racist or just only attentive to certain ethnics.  She didn't let us know that our order came with a free beverage until after she had brought us a soda (and charged us for it), she didn't ask what sides we wanted and ours just came with a baked potato and green beans, she didn't even bring us the free bread the other tables got, and she never came to check on how we were doing.  I thought that maybe they had ran out of other sides or maybe I should have said something, but whatever I got my prime rib so that's what I really wanted.
Ellis Island is my go to late night breakfast spot in Vegas! In my opinion, their steak and eggs ($5.99) is the best steak and eggs under $10 in Vegas...hands down. Servings are big and the country fried potatoes are amazing. Great prices on the menu as well. They also have a pizza spot which is really good (opposite end of diner) and a live karaoke bar as well. Every time I have friends in town I make sure to bring them here at least one night. Nancy is my favorite waitress and is extremely nice and fast. The diner and casino could use some renovations but at the same time that's what gives this place the character it has. 

If you haven't been here, you gotta check it  out.

-J. Soto
Gone is the insane, shout-it-to-the-world deal of $5.99 for a hearty sirloin steak, eggs, potatoes and toast. 

Ellis Island Casino, like its namesake in NY, used to be the place where the weary could hunker down and take some comfort that even with their meager earnings that tomorrow held new and exciting propositions.

Here, gamblers down on their luck rub elbows with families and the elderly looking to score a meal that is recession proof. Unfortunately, the times are a'changin' and the old-school Ellis Island Casino no longer offers what I had considered the best bang for your buck deal in Vegas.

Today, the steak and eggs will cost you $9.99. Not bad at all, just not the screaming deal it used to be. Fond memories of looking at all the food you get and then walking out feeling like you stole something are a thing of the past but I'd still consider coming back to Ellis because the food was good and it still is one of the better cheap options especially late night after clubbing,  gambling, or whatever you did that you want to stay in Vegas. I just wish that good ol' deal had stayed too.
We never skip breakfast at Ellis Island while in Vegas.  Best steak and eggs ever.  Sit and the bar with a bloody beer, play some video poker while you wait.  Nothing better to start the day!
Everything here is great! Great Beer! They have a BBQ station that opens from i believe 5PM but get there early to get a seating number! It's very good at $13.00 or so a plate for a full rack of rubs, two corns,garlic bread, slaw and BBQ beans!! They also have Metro pizza which is also very tasty! Ellis Island is in a shady part behind the strip on Koval behind the bally's casino. They have karaoke nights i believe still in the bar area The restaurant has a Steak dinner with all the fixings and a 20 oz handcrafted beer or rootbeer for under $9. Unless your a local you would never think this place has great food as it does.  It's a small and cozy casino not like those giant casinos on the strip! For sure a stop by if your in the area...
Terrible service, condescending and rude management on duty. Not supporting this ass backwards establisshement. The BBQ diner is bad enough, but we ended up going to the usual karaoke spot and that ended badly as well. Do not come here if you can avoid it!
A dealer at a local hotel told us this was where a lot of locals hung out, so we decided to check it out.

$8.99 for a steak dinner? Yes please! Comes with rib eye, baked or mashed potato, green beans, garden salad AND a 20oz beer or root beer. Does it get better than that? Actually it does, you have to sign up for a members card to get this deal, and for new members you get $10 in free credit play! Hello free dinner :)

We got our steaks Medium Rare and they were cooked perfectly. I'm a steak snob, but for $8.99 I'll take it. They're a brewery so there was a great selection of beers to chose from and we were more than stuffed. The waiters are very attentive and we were sure to tip our waiter well.
If you enjoy the taste of tobacco with your meal then this the place for you!  We had to walk out without ordering.
This is a joint that is frequently visited by the locals and they know where they are going.

The restaurant deals, SPECIALS not listed on the menu or even those that are listed are incredible deals for STEAK and PRIME RIB.

You can seriously eat one meal a day here.

BEST ROOT BEER EVER!

Just go for the Root Beer.  It'll be worth it.
This kind of dark, old dive is famous for its relatively inexpensive breakfasts.  The breakfasts are standard fare and decent.  Their pizza by the slice is also decent but nothing spectacular.
$8 steak and potato if you sign up for the members(free), the entire table can get this deal!

The service is okay, the food portion was pretty big though. None of us can finish the food, and the huge cup of beer! The quality of steak was cheap, if you are trying to get medium, you should order medium rare, since they tend to overcook it a little. 

Place is a little smoky, but overall experience was not bad. Will come back if we want some cheap steaks!
At 3am this casino had everything we needed to close the night. Steak dinner. An open blackjack table and karaoke! Yes, we hit this place 3 nights in a row with each night (getting progressively later and later).

The karaoke was packed. Some amazing singers and some more...performance than acoustic. My name was on the list but with so many people there I enjoyed the event more just sitting back with a beer. 

The dealer at our table was really friendly. We took every seat, which took the pressure off and allowed everyone to enjoy them selves.


I will definitely make this pitstop on my next trip to Vegas
This place is awesome! $8.99 steak dinner with a decent size steak, mashed potatoes, garlic green beans, soup (split pea was spot on) or salad, AND a 20oz beer brewed in-house. The food was soooo good! Where else are you going to get a deal like that? Steak dinner for four plus mozzarella sticks = $47!!

We visited the place for the first time last night after reading the Yelp reviews, and everyone was glad we did. Monica was one of the best servers I have met. Very friendly, bubbly personality, attentive - a lot of good recommendations to give about the food and beers. She talked with us for a bit and I could tell she was a genuinely nice person. We thought she was exceptional, so we tipped her 40%.

I guess the fact that I won $100 at their roulette table ten minutes before didn't hurt either! Definitely going back tonight and every time I visit Vegas.
This place is great for super micro brew beer and great food all at a price that is a shockingly very reasonable. They have a separate rest in back for BBQ so don't ask for ribs in standard caf. I only ate and drank there but bar looked fun. Only down side as in all of Vegas was smoke Easy walk from Flaming Ballys and Westin. Where else can you get a beer for 20oz award winning beers for $2.30!! Worth walk for beer alone
The prime rib dinner was a fantastic value! Huge portions and tasty. The staff at both the restaurant and casino tables were very friendly. Great job.
We always make it a point to come here and have a meal or two while in VEGAS! 

We come here for the prime rib and they made changes to the menu since he last time we were here 2 years ago. For 12.99 we get a big ass prime rib with sides, salad OR soup and BEER!!! 

Get the Hefe Weiss beer!!!! Clean aftertaste with sweet malty flavor. I love Irish beer and this beer is pretty close to that awesome goodness! Food and beer came within 10-15 mins and boy it's GOOD! Prime rib was tender and cooked as requested. I devoured every single bit on the plate. Lol. Till next time Ellis!
Don't go here if you have kids.  They won't allow kids in their restaurant because they have a brewery on site.  State law.  Everything else is legal in nevada except this.
Nice small casino that will fulfill all your needs.

From Slots to food options. Will return.
An accident on the highway added at least an extra two hours to our trip from L.A. on Valentine's.  We were headed there to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-day!) with plans to head to Fremont that night and then the Strip and a show on Sat.  

Getting to our rental at the Wyndham so late that we opted not to drive anymore that night (btw: pushy, rude staff at that place).  Not quite knowing where to head (too late for a big buffet for me), we got on yelp and decided to try Ellis Island which was just an easy walk up and over one block. 

Even though it was 9:00 pm, there was a 45 min wait for dinner.  Not a problem!  We went over to the bar to enjoy some of their tasty beer, cocktails and karaoke....some of which was VERY good!  

When it was time to be seated, it actually took much too longer for our server to come by our table.  After not seeing anyone for 15 mins. we went looking for the hostess who sent him right over.  After that- and yes, I know that's not cool, everything went really well.  My sons and my boyfriend all had prime rib and thought it was good for that price.  I had the NY steak and shrimp.  I don't actually like shrimp but wanted that cut of steak.  My boyfriend ate the shrimp.  My steak was seasoned nicely and cooked well.  I like medium and it was probably a bit over-cooked but I, personally, prefer that to under.  Not really any complaints about the quality of the food.  You have to know when you see the prices  to not have super high expectations but they exceeded mine!  We were bummed that we were too full for desert!  4 meals, 4 beers at dinner and the bill was $59 and some change!  (not including our bar tab in the karaoke lounge).  

It was a very nice "save" to a night that was going downhill.  We were pleased to find it so close by and we were pleased with our meal.
Awesome food! My buddies are all on the bandwagon at this pub and grub. Everyone should go here breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They hit it out of the park everytime. I've eaten off the strip, but I always come back to Ellis Island. Barbecue ribs and steaks and a crafted beer!! Wahoooo!
So I came in after yelping about the steaks and prime rib dinners with the fam and friend. I was so not disappointed at all. The food was amazing and the micro brews so heavenly. Our waitress is so delightful and attentive. FYI: their wait times are a bit long (25-30 minutes) but it's worth the wait, trust me. Make your way in, it's not that expensive either. 2 prime rib dinners, 1 top sirloin and eggs, and a chicken fried chicken for around $60. Not bad for Vegas.
We were at daughter's dance convention and was wanting a steak dinner.  I logged onto Yelp and almost 1000 reviews we thought we'd give it a try.  $8.99 for a steak dinner? Let's try it and if it isn't that good, its ok, we spent less than $10 a person. Boy were we surprise...it was delicious! And you also get a 20oz beer!!! Or homemade root beer for the kids! We definitely will be stopping by whenever we're in Vegas!!!
Best Steak and Eggs for the Value in Vegas.. hands down! My review is based solely on that fact!
salad,baked potato, sirloin steak...here's the kicker.....comes with 20oz beer for 8.99$... you can't beat that with your meat! Lmao! Seriously best steak deal in Las Vegas in my opinion, especially if your ballin' on a budget!
Full rack of ribs for $14?  With garlic bread, slaw, beans, and corn? They're not exactly fall-off the bone tender, but a good enough quality to make this place worth the drive from Summerlin!

Tips:
-Gets busy so line up early!
-Get a players card, then go to the kiosk to get the coupon. Saves you several bucks!
-1/2 rack of baby back ribs and 1/2 chicken is delicious! With sides, all for $12
-Small place, kind of hole in the wall, not really there for the atmosphere, but go just for the ribs. 
-You can go to the cafe...but it's faster if you walk to the right of the cafe to where the BBQ only line is. 

I will definitely be back!
I actually kind of love Ellis Island, and we go often, but I have to be honest in the review and 3 stars is probably the best I can do for this place. 

We always get the steak special, which is 8.99 (with your players club coupons that you print out from the machine) and includes a huge beer, steak, potato, green beans and soup or salad. Usually it is great, but unfortunately it can be fairly inconsistent. My husband and I can order the exact same thing and our steaks look completely different and one can be medium well and one can be practically raw. 80% of the time, it is a great dinner, but it's that 20% that bums you out sometimes. Also, my daughter ordered the fried chicken once, and while 3 pieces were perfect, one was raw inside...obviously that is fairly dangerous and something that shouldn't have happened. 

I will say that we have brought all out of town family here, and they all love it, rave about the good deal, and the beer, and always want to go every time they come out, so there is something about this old school place that people (especially the old people) are drawn to. 

My favorite thing about the whole place is the beer. I LOVE the Hefe Weiss. LOVE IT! It is dirt cheap or free if you get the steak special. Also, I find the more Hefe I drink the less I care about the bad stuff about this place ;-)

As everyone has said, it is extremely smoky. I find the restaurant to not be too bad with the smoke drifting in, but the casino and bar are bad! We have watched karaoke in the bar, and my throat hurt for a day afterward because of all the smoke. Also there is one bathroom in the whole place and while I have never had to wait in line, that walk feels longer and longer as the night (and the beer drinking!) go on. 

So I would say if you are NOT a foodie, like a super cheap meal, and can deal with some cigarette smoke, you will probably enjoy this place. So many of the strip casinos have gotten so over-priced and pretentious, that it is nice to have this place as an option when you just want something cozy and old school.
Cheap food, and by cheap I mean prices and quality. 

Yes it's open 24 hours. Yes the service is friendly. Yes the prices are amazing.

But, it's far from the strip so you have to drive out of your way - kinda. 

And it's also not very good quality:
- steak cooked medium was pretty burnt, as was the one cooked medium rare
- bacon was okay and crispy
- fish and chips were okay, regular ole fish and chips
- chicken looked very very dry 

Overall, you get what you pay for and if you want quick service all day long and low prices, then yes you'll get what you pay for. If you're looking for quality and convenience, maybe look elsewhere.
Pretty good food - you can't beat it for the price. I think steak deal is better than their salad. The wait can be long but it's a fun thing if you like a good deal on pretty good food. Restaurant is set in a divey casino but service was good and food was tasty.
I love the steak. I been craving for steak for a few days!!  Is voted no. 1 in Vegas!!
This place was a surprise!
It's off the strip, adjacent to the Bally's employee lot, diagonal from the Westin. Still good walking distance, though!! Our group ate there three times in three days, so let that speak for itself. The big draw is the price of the food. You'd think the quality wouldn't be that great for cheap prices, but you would be wrong! 
They have a special where if you put money on their casino card, you get a certain amount off your meal. 
Beer is $2.50!
Literally everything on the menu is awesome, especially the chicken fried chicken and the mashed potatoes. Looorrrrdddd!!!!!!!!
Huge portions.

This place is the shit.
Friends brought us here on our recent trip to Vegas. We went for the BBQ. It was absolutely delicious! I loved that you could order it "naked" and add your own sauce at the table; many places bring you BBQ swimming in sauce (and often times not that good). I had the half rack and half chicken and I ate nearly ALL of it...my husband ended up with maybe two of my ribs is all! He loved the homemade root beer. The beans as some have mentioned are not that flavorful but they make an excellent dipping sauce for the garlic bread. Our friends are locals who have been coming here for years...the prices were great, we picked up the tab for supper and four adults ate BBQ for under $65! By far the least expensive dinner we paid for in Vegas and nearly all our other meals were just for the two of us! Be sure to sign up for the Player's Card upon entering to get the reduced price.
This place has great BBQ and best dinner deal in Vegas 1/2 rack of ribs 1/2 a chicken and sides for $12. It was so good I finished my plate and there root beer was amazing as well. The only bad thing is the location sucks being in one of the grimmest casino of Vegas. Also no matter what you will have to wait even if half the place is empty I guess its a ploy to get you to gamble. The BBQ experience also gets tainted by the fact there is no door separating the overwhelming cigarette odor from the casino.  When you can't smell the BBQ over the second hand smoke there is a problem I get its Vegas but come on.
Totally love this Casino !! Always hit it up when I first come to town. Great Beer, The wheat is my fav and the food is always great !! My wife loves the fried Chicken and I have too many Favs to list! The pizza place has huge slices, always an easy fix but dont forget the beer and hay their price on a 20 oz beer is cheap so tip these hard working people and your glass will never go dry, I wish I was there right now !!!
We were in town for a little over a week and stayed at the Flamingo this time. I must say this little hole in the wall place won us over! We were insisted that we give this place a try the next time we were in Vegas and I'm very glad we did. I think we actually came here to eat five times during our stay. Steak and eggs for breakfast was excellent. For the low price I expected a fatty little slice but that was far from what we received. The dinner special was even more incredible. A good size portion of trimmed steak, potato, vegetable, dinner roll, and a tall beer for under $10??? 
Bang for the buck I dare you find a better value in all of Vegas
WOW. what a best kept secret.  steak,  potato,  green beans,  salad and a sour dough dinner roll. along with a 20 oz. draft beer for $8.99. very tasty and very good
and service from Karla was the best.
We always stop by Ellis Island for the half ribs, half chicken combo. IT IS POWERFUL! Guaranteed overload on food. In reality, there is enough food for two meals. After we leave Ellis Island, we make a quick stop next door at the 7-11 to pick up a couple gallons of water to combat waking up in the middle of the night dehydrated from all the booze.
Great ribs and chicken plate. Large serving and well made. Will come back over and over. Cheap price for portions.
My adventure to get to Ellis Island was quite memorable. 

My friend and I were on the search for food and wanted steak and eggs. (who doesn't love steak and eggs at 4AM in the morning??) I started yelping stuff and we ended up at Gold Coast. Couldn't even find steak and eggs there! It was a TGIF (major fail and a waste of a taxi ride!) 

I yelped again and found Ellis Island so we decided to take another taxi ride over there. This place is right behind Bally's (where we were staying) and definitely walkable. Service was nice and the food was definitely worth the $6.99 (?) we paid for? haha that night is still a little blurry and I can't remember exactly how much we paid. But it was definitely comparable to Bill's steak and eggs (our usual spot). 

Now that we know where to go for late night steak and eggs in Vegas we won't have to waste taxi rides driving around looking for one. And the plus side is, they're open 24 hours!!
Finally, somewhere near the strip where you don't feel like you're getting ripped off! 

What a gem! Phenomenal steak and egg breakfast for $5.99. We ate there twice on this last trip and wished we ate there more. So affordable and so delicious. Servers and casino staff are all helpful and friendly, really puts a positive start to your morning. 

Oh, and their blackjack pays out 3:2! Fancy find in that so close to the strip!
Really good food for low price, Good casino, nice staff members.. shuttle driver was very helpful.. even won a little cash:)I try to stop and by here every time I'm in vegas..
i can't say that if we had other plans (or with women) that we would've made the effort to come here for the $8.99 steak special. but, it was March Madness weekend with the boys, so, who cares! 

on the back side of Bally's, Ellis Island reminds me of Casino Royale. dungy and old and cheesy, but, Oh So Vegas. this is the type of institution that Oshea's and Bill's used to be, till they turned their noses up and became snooty. small and basic with slots and bj/roulette/craps and also a sportsbook. lively spot, probably cause of MM. 

the hard part was having to sign up for the player's card to get the steak. the line was long, and you still had to wait for a table for 40mins at the cafe. but, and this ain't no lie.... it was worth it. man, i started with the house salad with ranch. it was at Denny's quality. soooo effing good! the steak was a pretty good size and cooked to your liking. easy on the season with A1 on the table. oh, and they also give you a beer with the steak special. the house brewed Heffeweizen was really good. 

overall, a really worthwhile meal for $8.99 and old school vegas vibe. might be a litle too far for us to come back again to. but, who knows. give it a shot, at the least for the steak special.
Apparently this is where all the locals go. I think we were recommended this place by our cab driver. Anyway, we had just been dropped off, walked in , and was confused as hell. Of course it's a casino when you walk in! Where's the restaurant? My bf asked a security guard "where's Ellis island?" And this guy looked at him like he was a crazy person. Not cool man! Anyway, we found it like right in front of us. For some reason I think we just didn't know what to expect and it looks like a little cafe or something. So we put our names in for a twenty min wait. It was actually pretty packed. Waited at the bar and laughed at the old people karaoke-ing. So now for the food. They have French onion soup!! Also got a steak, which was good too. The prices were amazingly cheap and the food was pretty damn good. And hey, in my book any place that has French onion soup is a winner. The service was laid back and quick. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Ellis Island is old school Vegas,but if you want bang for buck in a smokey dark local feeling venue,it can not be beat.
Prime rib,baked potato and green beans and a 20oz craft brew for the same price as a starter at a swanky joint,I'm in.
Cynthia was our server,big screens everywhere showing sports,brewery on site..a true gem,if your not too swanky.
Excellent food, beer and gaming. The food and drink prices are super cheap. The steak meal was amazing. They also have a cool karaoke bar.
Try the Players Card 8.99 steak special.  Best green beans I've ever had. Good steak,  great prime rib option too.
Went to Vegas for the NAB Show 2014 and was told by cabbie to try it out. Read several reviews describing EI as 'Old School'. It was a fun eating gambling and drinking experience. $2 beers, $8.99 steak dinner and mix in good friends and a great time was had by all. Go, it's worth the trip!
Great inexpensive place for breakfast. We stayed at the Bellagio and two coffees and two bagels was $22.00! Heard about Ellis Island- short 14 min walk from the hotel. Great All American breakfast firm two about $29.00. Absolutely worth the walk.
Oh Ellis Island, the name and the location say it all. It's not classy, it's not fancy, it's vegas bargain and foodie delights all wrapped into one! I can always count on delicious steak and eggs with some of the best potatoes i've ever tasted always available 24-hours a day. I have had lunch here once too and it was equally good. Somebody said that this place was Jankey and it is and I love it! Thanks for fulfilling the need of food after long questionable nights in vegas.
If you're looking for cheap but good food, a friendly staff and a no bling casino, this is the place. I went there for the $8.99 steak dinner but stayed to gamble a bit and was not disappointed. The cut of meat was delicious, I ordered mine medium to medium rare, and they did it perfectly. The split pea soup was homemade and included meat from ham hocks(!), and the mashed potatoes and gravy were yummy. Throw in a 20 ounce beer brewed on site and it's the deal of the century. I had so much steak left over (I'm a small eater) I took it back to my room and the next morning 4 of us shared it as a snack. I signed up for their players card and got my $10 free play which was parlayed into a small winnings that covered the cost of dinner with some change left over. The staff was friendly at the bar and restaurant. We didn't stick around for the karaoke but everyone there said it was usually a good time.
Myself and my group of friends had heard about karaoke and we just had to check it out, it was my friend's birthday and we were excited to have some fun. It was loud, packed and pretty crazy, but that was the fun part. What wasn't fun was telling the waitress I wanted one drink: our party had ordered 4 appetizers along with beers, and I'm sure she was extremely busy and overworked, but when someone asks to pay for ONLY their drink to leave and work at 6am, ends up waiting another 30 minutes for the drink check and her card returning with the full amount of the bill and nothing but your word that "there's a 5$ minimum so I put the whole bill on there without your permission", fun stops there. I won't be returning and I realize that if I want to have a decent time, I'll stay the hell away from the lazy people at Ellis Island who charges just so they don't have to split up a bill and who don't even have the decency to inform you how much they're putting on your card. I'm entirely sure that's illegal as well.
It's a dive casino. I wasn't expecting too much as far as dinner goes. We were drinking and needed some food. We stopped at the cafe but it was full. Little did I know there's a new BBQ joint in there. The host was playing it up as the best!! Hard to imagine but we went for it anyways. Holy hell!! It was delicious. For $11.99 I got 1/2 a chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, whole corn on the Cobb, loaf of garlic bread, cole slaw and beans. It was served on a platter. I couldn't eat that much if I tried but ohhhhh we tried. I was amazed and would actually drive there just for that food again. Loved it!!
Much to my surprise it was actually quite difficult finding a good karaoke spot in Vegas on a week day. We looked around and saw Ellis Island was having karaoke on Wednesday night, so we figured we give it a shot. The cab driver kinda laughed when he picked us up at the Hard Rock Hotel and we said that's where we wanted to go. 

The casino is a total dive. Dim lighting inside with an overwhelming rush of smoke. We got there early so we decided to have dinner in the bar while we waited for the show. Turns out the food was fantastic! Probably the cheapest and best food we had the whole time in Vegas! I ordered a club sandwich and my boyfriend had fish & chips. The portions were huge and very reasonably priced and delicious. 

Luckily we got there early because this place packs up! Seems like it was the type of bar where alot of locals like to hang out, so we felt right at home. The service... sucked. We had to go up to the bar and wait a long time to order a drink but at least they weren't overpriced. The karaoke crowd is a very appreciative bunch and we had a blast!
It was suggested I try this place out by a foodie friend. If it wasn't for him, I would have not dared venture here. 

Upon parking, it seemed like I was entering a seedy motel off the strip. It's on Koval Rd. off of Flamingo. Entering the place, there were old people smoking and drinking and a bunch of bikers. Sort of like something out of a movie set where they'd murder you and throw your body out in the dumpster. Scary...

Finally found the brewery in the back and was anxious to try their half fried chicken and beer. What I discovered was fantastic! A whole half of a chicken was freshly coated and fried. So tasty and crispy! Came with some fries and a pickle. There was so much chicken I couldn't finish it all. Then came a 16 oz beer for...wait for it...under a dollar! You could pick any of their brews. I don't remember the name of the brew I picked but it was a tasty dark stout like brew.

There are other amazing foods on their menu, such as fresh sandwiches and hot entrees. All for under $10.00. My chicken plate was only $5.99! A super steal for a great meal. Don't be scared by the demographics of the customers here. The food and restaurant was nice and clean. No one mugged me or bothered me, and my rental car wasn't stolen in the end.
This update is for the BBQ restaurant. I had the ribs & chicken combo, which was very good. Loved the BBQ sauce, and the meat was served hot!
They are generous with side dishes- beans, cole slaw, corn AND garlic bread. All for $11.99- can't beat that! 
Beer is $2.25, a quarter more than at the bars. Very noisy on the Tuesday evening we were there.
We love the rack of ribs as we have been going here for years and they just get better and better!  Great price, tender baby rack ribs and house made Root Beer!  YUM!  We visit quite often and glad to say their service is fantastic as well! This is a casual place where you can relax and get your fingers dirty with some really good BBQ.  It is a small place so we advise getting there early before they fill up.
Place has yummy food at dirt cheap prices.  Need I say more?  

The IPA was pretty good, too.

Skip the big hotels restaurants and buffets, take a walk and come here.
Back again on Sunday! OMG just as delish as ever! My all time fave BarBque!! The ribs melt in your mouth! Beans are good cole slaw good! What more can I say! Oh $13.99...WOW!!
Great micro brewery and casino located on the streets behind the strip. The offer true pints of house brewed beer for $2. They even make their own root beer, which is my poison.  The beer and root beer both stay fizzy until the last drop. 

The place itself inside is sort of old and dingy looking, but that is part of the charm. I hear the restaurant is amazing. I prefer to eat at the Metro Pizza place inside, but the restaurant was packed full of people and I do believe there is a wait list for the ribs. 

This is a great place to come if you are looking for an experience away from the busy strip.
$5.99 steak and eggs from 11pm-11am!

We came here on a Friday night, a group of 6, for some steak and eggs. I found this place on yelp and it had really high reviews so I had to come and try it for myself! We came here a little after 11pm, just in time when they start serving steak and eggs. We walked up to the restaurant and saw a lot of empty tables so we thought that it was a pretty slow night. However, when we went up to the host, she said rudely that the wait was about 30 minutes with another party of 6 ahead of us. We were all confused to why we have to wait so long because there was so many open tables. I thought maybe not enough servers? But still, 30 mins??

So we waited and our pager finally buzzed. I was so happy and excited! As I followed the same host to our table, I said "the wait is actually not that bad!" but she pretended that I didn't exist and ignored me -__-. So I ordered the $5.99 steak and eggs, medium well. We didn't wait too long until we got our food and the first bite of the steak was delicious! I was so excited to get to the center where its the most juiciest! However, they over cooked my steak to the point it was so dry and it was so hard to eat, like a well done x2 steak T_T. I couldn't even enjoy it nor finish it so I gave the rest to my boyfriend since he wanted it. The steak was so overcooked that the next morning my boyfriend woke up with his jaw sore from chewing the steak LOL!! I laughed so hard that morning hahaha. My friends ordered medium rare and it came out looking like medium. So yeah, my experience wasn't that great however the potatoes and the egg was good and our server was amazing! He was so nice and friendly to us unlike the host. I'm willing to give this place another try but make sure I order medium rare.
Excellent casino and steak.

Cab driver mentioned is on the way in from the airport when I asked about good, cheap eats. Decided to head over and wasn't disappointed. 

They have reasonable table limits so you can stretch your gambling money if you just want to play a little for a cheap price. It's not a big casino but they have all the major games covered. 

The real star of the show is the 8.99 steak special. For nine bucks you get a 10 oz steak, baked potato, salad, green beans, and a beer of your choice. I expected the steak to be a thin, cheap, grisly piece of meat. But it was actually a nice cut that was cooked perfectly. 

If you don't have a players card the price is 11.99 and it doesn't come with a beer. It's still a good deal at that price. Our server was nice enough to let us use an extra voucher that he had, and that made it even better.
Great if you like diner food cheap.  They are always busy and ALWAYS have great specials.  Their steak meal special is amazing.  Always kinda a classic place to stop for breakfast in Las Vegas.  Located just behind the strip it makes it easy to get to! Had biscuits and gravy and it was ok.  Basic omelettes.
$5.99 late night steak and eggs. If you can't afford that you must have gambled too hard or fell in love with a stripper.

We went around midnight and there was no wait to get seated. In fact there was almost nobody else there. It was a Sunday night though. The food came out at a reasonable time. I ordered medium rare for my steak and it came out exactly how I wanted it. And with a big bottle of A1 sauce by my side I could not have asked for a better dinner.
This place was great, the food excellent, the service excellent, portion size HUGE. We will definitely come back here while in Vegas. Forgot to take pictures we were so hungry.
This review is for the karaoke hosted in the lounge.

"Jeremy, you're up. Jeremy, come to the stage. Jeremy? Going, going, gone!"

"Sarah, come to stage. It's your time to sing, Sarah. Sarah? Okay, who's next?"

"Fallon! Let's get Fallon up here ladies and gentlemen! No Fallon? Moving on."

"Arthur, you ready bud?! Where's Arthur at? Arthur's not here?"

Okay, you get my point, this place is a disorganized mess when it comes to karaoke. For every five or six names called to sing on a Friday night, maaaaaybe one or two of them were actually there to sing. The same name would often get called within a few songs of each other and you have no idea any kind of time frame that you may actually get your turn to jump on stage. 

This could easily be remedied with a chalkboard or even a maintained signup sheet on a clipboard where past singer's name are checked off as they sing. Is the concept revolutionary? Heck no, but it works even at the crummiest karaoke bars that I've been to. Two hours and six cocktails later and I still didn't get a shot at stardom at Ellis Island. Three stars earned for an overall great crowd...
Excellent!  This spot reminds me of a dive bar back home.  Great bartenders, cheap food and drink, and a great air of locals.  Had the IPA which was awesome, definitely coming back to try some of the others.
wow....  What a nice surprise.
Good Service .... good Food ... GREAT PRICE.
3.99 gets you two eggs ... breakfast potatoes ... and toast ....
The potatoes were so hot and crispy ...   I ate them all.   Thanks.
So this is a complete and total dive.  The whole operation from the casino to the restaurant(s).  And it's WONDERFUL.  The Prime rib was great, but my husband had a hamburger that apparently had bacon ground into it - it was unbelievable.  It's super cheap, and I think that 4 adults and 2 kids ate (and drank) for about $120 total.
I only come here to eat at the cafe. I have eaten here a bunch of times and there is not one bad thing I can say about this place. Great place where all the locals go. The quantity and quality of food you get is great and it's very affordable. I have had the fish & chips, the philly dip, the steak, fried shrimp dinner, and I dont even know what else and it's all been beyond my expectations and the service is great. The craft beers are good too. I've eaten at the bbq place as well and while it was good too, I like the cafe better. The ribs I got were delicious but all the sides were awful. I just came here this past weekend (5/10) and in my drunken state, left my wallet here with all my money and credit cards and my ID!! What an idiot... luckily I remembered I came here and called them up the next day and sure enough they had it... THANK GOD!! All the cash was gone but whatever I was just happy they had it. THANK YOU ELLIS
Das Ellis Island ist in erster Linie eine Microbrewery, auf deutsch eine kleine Brauerei. Man kann vom Strip aus zu Fu hinlaufen. Die angebotenen Biere dort sind wirklich ausgezeichnet. Wer sagt die Amis knnen kein Bier brauen? Sie kennen zwar vielleicht das deutsche Reinheitsgebot nicht, aber schmecken tut es ausgezeichnet. Vor allem das Amber Ale hat es mir dort sehr angetan. Die angebotenen Biere haben wir an der recht coolen Bar getrunken, dahinter stand eine beraus nette Barfrau. 

Im Ellis Island gibt es auch ein Cafe - Restaurant. Ich habe auf die Karte geschaut, gnstig ist es allemal, gegessen hatte ich aber schon. 

Wie in Las Vegas fast berall blich gibt es im Ellis Island auch die Mglichkeit, zu zocken. Der Spielbereich ist aber nichts besonderes. In erster Linie sollte man also herkommen, wenn man Bier mag und sich in seinem Leben auch mal vorstellen kann, Bier zu trinken, welches nicht in Deutschland gebraut ist. Es lohnt sich.
$5.99 steak and eggs? Yup! This is the perfect spot to chow down after a night on the strip (or a long night at the tables). I don't recall seeing this special on the menu so you would need to mention it to your server and they'll happily take your order down.

Don't expect great service as this is a no frills type of joint. For nearly the same price as a meal from a fast food joint, you cannot go wrong. Grab yourself a pint of their in-house brews to wash down all the grease from the food! From what I remember, they were only a couple dollars each.

Cheers to a carnivore meal and decent brews!
My wife and I stay at Bally's when in Las Vegas. Ellis Island is on Koval Ln which is the next main N-S east of the strip, not a bad walk at all. This review is for the breakfast only as we only played slots briefly following breakfast. The omelets were large and cooked to perfection. The fried potatoes are excellent and you get lots of them. Wait service was friendly and very adequate. Do yourselves a favor, walk a short distance and get a great breakfast for 2 for a fraction of what you pay at a strip restaurant.
The steak was ok for the price. Yeah I could of paid $40 for a good steak at the strip. But when your in a budget this place is not that bad.
AMAZING!!!!!!! I come here every time I'm in Vegas. This place is the bomb! You can get an entire meal, including steak, potatoes, salad, and a beer for $7! You just tell them you want the steak special. I've been coming here for years ever since my family and I discovered it about 8 years ago. 

They are open 24/7 so you can get dinner anytime you want, which is perfect for Vegas. If there's a wait for your table there's a bar inside the casino where you can sing karaoke. And you can also gamble to kill time. They have slots, black jack, craps, you name it.

It's such a little dive but it's great. I can rave about Ellis Island all day. I tell all my friends about it and they love it too! A true hidden gem in Vegas. :)
Quick tip: Way too far to walk from central strip. Make sure to take a cab.

We came sober (mistake!) and went for the 8.99 steak + beer. Mehhhhh. I could barely stomach the steak, which had absolutely no flavor, but the mashed potatoes and gravy were pretty good. I probably would not come back unless I was lit.
The casino, is old and run down. We decided to head over here for some late night karaoke.. When we arrived it was a bit different from what I'm use to. The karaoke part was great! People singing great songs and dancing their booties off but the hotel was old and very run down. On the brighter note, the food was great and the prices were very cheap. If you're visiting Las Vegas and you're on a budget, I'd stay here for 2 reasons.. 1 being the food and the cost of the hotel and 2 being the after hours karaoke joint.
Ellis Island is great for a good meal at a great value.  It is worth wandering off "the Strip" to find this place.
Great place to eat with family if you want some steak and prime ribs !! Very good food would be great if they had asperges .

Service was good , prime ribs come with free beer and soup for $13.99 cheapest and best tasting prime ribs I had and beer was great also !!

We ate 6 people and it was only $60 buck$$!
This is a very casual place...a hidden gem if you will. Ellis island is a brewery too so you will have very cheap beer prices for very good beer!! The BBQ food here is simply 100% super delicious! The casino may not be pretty and the clientele may make you think twice about coming but hands down this place serves some quality grub!! Oh and if you get hammered enough they have Karaoke too!

I'm not too positive about the Super 8 motel attached to it though.......I get the Bates Motel vibe
My family and I were having a reunion in LV. A former cabbie in LV told me how great this place was. He was right on the money. Great food, beer and service just one block off the strip.GO!!
I'm a prime rib fan and was in search for some good prime rib on my vacation.
I ordered medium rare prime rib and my husband ordered medium steak. My prime rib is tender but a little over done. It is more like medium well. The prime rib meal came with a big glass of beer which which was good and refreshing. My husband's steak is not so good. It came out well done and he didn't finish it. Maybe it's just a bad day in the kitchen.
I do love me some Ellis Island!! Went to dinner with family. I had chicken parmesan it's always delicious!! My aunt and uncle both had the $8.99 steak special. Steak was cooked perfect and it looked really good. For $8.98 can't beat the price!! Service was excellent! My aunt thought I was crazy for ordering chicken parmesan there lol but she was pleasantly surprised how good it was!!
3:15am 5.99 steak and eggs... yes please... my family didn't like their steaks but I enjoyed mine... i ordered medium, they ordered medium well... Oh and the toast was perfect... order wheat
This is going to be our new Vegas steak and eggs spot. $5.99 for 8oz steak and eggs you can't find a better deal.
This is very casual and inexpensive place, no frills and the food is good. Not far from the strip (walking distance). The staff is super friendly and make you feel welcome. I had the prime rib special and it was cooked perfect and the prices are soooo good.
I don't know what it is with me lately but, I've been yearning to go karaoke. 
Not the "normal Asian karaoke" which is your party in a room --- but, the "haole mainland kine" karaoke where you're in a room with complete strangers and singing your tone deaf ear out!

Came here at 1am on Memorial Day weekend after a night of unsuccessful clubbing. Figured if I'm not in the club, I can go karaoke and laugh at people...you know, make a night out of it ;)

The karaoke bar was pretty packed and we were surprised to find a table open. We ordered some Courvoisier since they didn't serve Henny and just enjoyed the show. 


Everyone was semi-drunk, which is always fun. And everyone was singing along to pretty good singers. SO GOOD that I think they have ringers there; like some guy that was dressed like Elvis sang a pretty-darn-good version of Blue Hawaii.
The folks sang: Nothing but a G thang, Bohemian Rhapsody, and even Adele. 

It was a great mix of bad and great singing that I think I had more fun here than I would've at the club.... at least, this is what I tell myself!

After the karaoke closed up, we ate at the 24 hour caf they have and it was really good stuff. Menu was very diverse that my friend had breakfast, another had chicken and gravy, and I had the prime rib. All of which was less than $12.

The whole old looking run-down-ness of the hotel just adds to my interest in this place. I love old Vegas and this is a reminder of yesteryear just blocks from "The Strip!"

I cannot wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Someone come with me because I can't seem to find ppl to go withhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Steak sandwiches are done to order. The service was fast and my server was awesome. I enjoyed the dinner a great deal. I will stop by again when I'm in town.
Came to the Karaoke Bar to knock out some tunes for my friend's bachelorette party.  We rolled in with 12 Girls and basically took over the bar.  They have a couple of large tables right in front of the stage and we grabbed one.  Be careful not to get there after 8:30pm,because it filled up quick after we got there on a recent Friday night.

The Staff was nice enough to let us have some pizzas from the Casino delivered at our table.  They were patient with us having separate checks and several rounds of drinks (amazing!).  The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the song selection was not that great.  Otherwise- and AWESOME, budget friendly thing to do, right off the strip.
I don't live here but if I did I would come here to dine at least once a week. The craft brew is really good and fairly priced. The food (both dinner and breakfast) portions are really large and the quality of the food is good. 

If you are visiting Vegas don't get sucked into the overpriced local casino food. Try your first meal here - if you don't like it you're out maybe $12? Good luck finding casino food with the sort of price tag. Chances are you'll come back just like we did.
Love this place, it can get very busy. But worth the wait. I eat here twice a day when I'm out in Vegas.... Great prices too.!!
I came here for the Steak and Eggs special, but I was a hour too late! Alas...but all was not lost, because the prices for the rest of their menu items were still extremely reasonable for being right off the strip.  Food quality is not that great, but still on par with your typical diner food.  

Chicken Fried Steak ($8.99): Served with green beans, choice of potatoes, and soup or salad.  The steak was SUPER salty, and I couldn't finish it.  The sides were okay, but it would be hard to mess those up.  ~ 2 

Brownie Thing ($4.99): Indulgent dessert that consists of a brownie topped with ice cream, whipped cream, and walnuts.  Good way to round out your meal, but it's also nothing out of the ordinary. ~ 3

I'll probably come back here the next time I'm in Vegas because it's hard to find decently priced food on the strip, but next time, I'll be on time for the breakfast.  

Food: 2, Service: 3, Environment: 3, Price: 5
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #146 - #365

This local casino is located right on Koval and Flamingo. One word to describe Ellis Island is "divey" but in a good way. Every time I visit from California, I always make time for Ellis Island. I really don't care about the casino, what I always look forward to is the affordable caf that serves generous portions. 

They also have a brewery on-site where they make fresh craft beer and it's that good! Staff here are friendly and all smiles. Nothing pretentious here compared to some of the strip properties. Total locals favorite with some tourists here and there. The table games have low minimums at $10, not bad imo. I preferably like to gamble the slots on the strip so I can receive my room discounts and comps.
$5.99 steak and eggs. Wait, WHAT?! You really can't beat this deal! Steak, eggs, potatoes to your liking, and your choice of toast. 11PM-11AM is the magic time. 

But wait, there's more! $9.99 and you'll get a drink of your choice(handcrafted root beer or a ice cold glass of their microbrew) and a steak dinner. 

You can't ask for more! Love coming to this place!
Just finished the steak and eggs breakfast. You can't beat it for value. I'll be coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
Absolutely one of the best places in Vegas to eat.   It's just off the strip behind Bally's.  We had a bartender, Robo,  and was the friendliest ever!  

The steak and eggs is $9.99 and All other breakfast items were less.  Bloody Mary's were super, and of course their beers are too.  Don't expect a lavish gourmet experience,  but don't think this is truck stop fare either.  Just get yourself in here for some excellent food at lower than average Vegas prices.
I went to Ellis Island one time a few years ago when I was out one night on the strip. I think they had karaoke and Metro Pizza. That was the reason we stopped in. I really don't remember much from that night. I do remember drinking many beers there though. Anyways, I recently stopped back at Ellis Island for breakfast the other morning because some people I know said they had good steak and eggs.

Ellis Island is on Koval Ln just South of Flamingo Road. It is connected to a Super 8 Motel or a Hotel 8. It's something like that. I know there is an 8 in the name. You don't need to know the hotel name anyways. I am sure it is not on my list of hotels I would like to stay at. Like I said, we are talking about the corner of Flamingo and Koval. If your from Vegas you know what I mean.

As far as the casino goes....not somewhere I would gamble, that is if I gambled. It is a very small casino and it looks like it should be located on Flamingo and Koval. I think I saw 2 pits in there. They also have some slot machines like every other building in this city. There is a bar in the middle of the casino that is a local favorite for many employees of neighboring casinos in the area. There is also a very small Metro Pizza location there. It is also a brewery, so they have a section where they brew and store their beer. It is a very old place and the decor is out dated.

Oh yeah. Steak & eggs. The reason I stopped in there. It was $5.99 for a New York Strip, eggs, potatoes, and toast. The steak was not grass fed dry aged steak by any means, but it was okay for a $5.99 breakfast. I have had worse steaks at much nicer restaurants that costed me at least twice as much, so taking the cost of the breakfast in to consideration....I got what I paid for. I also had scrambled eggs, country potatoes, and toast. All of which were okay. Again, $5.99.

I would recommend  stopping in for breakfast at Ellis Island once in a while if you work in the area. It is not a place I would drive out of my way to eat at though.
Good service and great food in this dump of a casino. Everyone is very friendly and I would recommend the prime rib
Looking at this place from the outside, it doesn't look like much. You have to walk thru a smoke filled casino but once you get to the cafe, it's nice. Now I came here solely based on everyone's photo of this $5.99 steak and eggs special. I was surprised to see that the menu said $9.99. I know the price hasn't shot up that much since most of the photos on here are recent. My wife and I were about to leave when our waitress informed us of the special. Later on I asked the waitress why it doesn't say $5.99 on the menu. Basically so they don't run out if everyone orders it which makes sense. So don't leave if you don't see it on the menu, just ask your server. 
I have to say the steak was outstanding. I was going into this thinking it was going to be a dried out, overcooked, tough steak. Boy was I mistaken. It was a flame grilled moist NY strip steak. I order my steak medium well and it was cooked perfect. I would border to say it was steakhouse quality. It came with toast, scrambled eggs and hash Browns and that wasn't bad either. It was the deep fried hash Browns and scrambled eggs so it's not hard to mess those up. But to get all of that for $5.99 in Vegas is crazy. 
I also talked with my waitress and she said they have some 4 course sirloin steak meal for $11.99 at dinner too so if you go for dinner, ask about that.
Whenever we're in Vegas, we always crave steak & eggs.  Why?  Because its satisfying for any meal of the day! Whether it be breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night meal after clubbing... its always good.  However, it does depend on where you go.  We usually go to Ellis Island because the steak & eggs is cheap and usually good.  I prefer the steak & eggs from Tuscany but they only serve it at a cheap price super late at night-early morning...but anyways here is my review for the food.

I ordered steak and eggs.  I asked for my meat medium rare, sunny-side up and wheat slices of bread.  Nothing to complain about it.  My steak was cooked to how I wanted it to be and there was barely any fatty pieces to it which is a definite plus.  I hate when I ordered steak somewhere and a good portion of my meat is actually just fat... so stars for that! Plus, even though the size of the meat was small, it was actually really thick so it filled me up quick!  However I do I wish they gave more potatoes with my meal because I LOVE POTATOES.  I always eat some of my boyfriends too because I finish mine so fast. lol  

I usually can never finish everything so my boyfriend finishes whats leftover for me :)  (That's what boyfriends are for! hehe jk :)) 

Service is usually okay.. This past weekend however, we came during dinner time on a Sat night and the food took pretty long for it come out which was a bummer because I was starving! But its okay, understandable since we did have to wait for a table and all, meaning they were busier than when we usually come. 

If you're craving a cheap but good meal, come to Ellis Island for steak and eggs! (:
I'm not sure about the other items on the menu because I've only gotten the same thing everytime I've come.
Ribs were amazing, brewed Root beer was amazing. Corn, beans and garlic bread were terrible but the ribs were amazing.
I wanted to take my family, five adults, to a good eatery our first night back in Vegas w/o breaking the bank.  THIS IS THE PLACE!  Where else can you get a generous cut of rime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, veggies, and a 20 oz beer for just over $15/pp?  The meat was cooked perfectly, tender, couldn't believe it!  I got out of there for $76 less tip.  And if you prefer steak, it's even less!  This place does show it's age, but if you can set aside the frills and you're looking for a great meal at a great price, beer included, Ellis Island is a must.  And to top it all off, they provide shuttle service to get you there & back (please tip the driver).  Give this place a chance and judge for yourself.
$5.99 steak and eggs was a steal and pretty good. Service friendly but slow especially considering they weren't too busy. I would go back though. Cafe was modern looking and clean.
$5.99 steak and eggs for breakfast with potatoes and toast.  Steak and eggs were cooked as ordered.  Great meal for the money.
You couldn't pay me to stay here but having said that it's always interesting to walk through the place and look at the sort of people who DO stay here. Room rates here are low but certainly not the 
cheapest in town. Lots of better options at this price. So why are
they here these people? What attracts them? I honestly feel some
folks are attracted by sleaze. That's the only explanation I can come up with. Maybe a few are history buffs and have a strong desire to stay in one of the original Strip hotels,a resort that was here in the days of
Meyer Lansky,Howard Hughes and the Rat Pack. And there are parts
of the Riviera that look as if they haven't been cleaned since the 60's.
Sorry to be so negative.
GEH - TOE.
A cool museum filled with relics. Chain-smoking, gambling relics...

Come here for a glimpse of a dying Vegas. I learned all about cliches, bad posture, and secondhand smoke. The patrons are about as old as the stage routines. The combo of drag queens and Michael Jackson jokes will hardly win any awards. The food trough and petting zoo was fun. The pudgy, balding man didn't seem to like it when we tried to scratch him behind his ears. There was an experiment to see if people would actually pay $9 for Panda Express. I think it was a success.

What... It's a hotel?!
The Riv is across the street from Slots A Fun. it is a marked step higher on the casino food chain. This doesn't speak well for either of them.

50 years ago, I imagine the Riv and the Stardust, just down the street, were hot spots. Time has not been kind. Now the Riv features entertainers who impersonate Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond. It is also the home of Crazy Girls, "Las Vegas' Sexiest Topless Revue," which is immortalized in seven brass asses outside the casino entrance. A recent addition to the lineup is American Storm, the male strip troupe which comprises the winners of VH1's "Strip Search."

The Riv is also home to the saddest looking cocktail waitresses in town. These girls have been ridden hard and put away wet, after which they seem to have shrunk several sizes. This appearance is accentuated by the oversized black T-shirt they wear, which bears the slogan, "Rack and Roll." Referring, in this case, to billiards and craps, not prostitution. The "Rack" is cunningly located over the breasts of the few girls that have them. Perhaps they don't want to compete with the Crazy Girls revue.

Two sections of the casino are dedicated to more frugal gamblers: Nickel Heaven and Penny Town. As you might guess, the electronic games in those areas play at those denominations. Actually, in Penny Town, you can wager 1, 2 or 5 cents, for those feeling particularly flush. While Nickel Heaven is just part of the regular casino, there is no escape from Penny Town. You walk down a short hall to access it, and the only way out is back the way you came or out into the street. This, it seems to be, is a parable for Las Vegas itself.
We stay here every year for our pool tournaments.  The hotel is very cheapy and a little on the ghetto side.  The rooms are more like a motel 6 type.  The beds are comfortable, but old.  It's not that bad though, considering how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room while in Vegas anyways?  

But I have to give it some extra stars because I have many fond memories here.
i dont think i'll even give a star.  stayed here one time about 4 years ago for a damn conference thing...hated it...service and etc.  rather stay at circuscircus
The Riviera's been on the Strip for FOREVER.  I remember driving past it's garish wall of horrible Neon whilst dragging the Strip as a toddler with my parents and their friends.

I most likely never would have gone there as an adult if my brother-in-law wasn't a bartender there and if my friends and I weren't on a mission to show this town a party the likes of which it's never seen!

This place is HARD to navigate.  More than once I willed the spirit of DeNiro to guide me through it's gold and neon undulations.  Don't try to meet someone here - you will never find them.

My bartender was awesome and didn't charge my friends or I for one single beverage.  He's also the father of my nieces and nephew.  You may find your trip is more costly.  (The drinks are like $4 - $7 anyway - not bad for the Strip.)

The showroom was AWFUL.  I went to see an old friend in the Fab Forever show and my brother-in-law got me tickets.  Since he did so, we had front row seats.  I didn't know that front row seats meant that your knees actually touched the stage.  Very interesting.  Very uncomfortable for an hour.  (The show itself was awesome, by the by.  Yay, Beatles!)

I like the Riv for the old school Vegas spirit it still keeps in mind, I don't like it for its poor execution.
ugh.  if you ever have to be here for a convention, stay somewhere else on the strip.  this place is a huge disappointment.  the only reason to have any stars would be the service- everyone who works there is helpful and kind.  my room was clean, and it was actually quiet.
i ordered room service, the food was terrible and the selection is like choosing the lesser of evils.  i needed a quick dinner so i ate in the coffee shop.  this is where i discovered that my crappy room service food probably came from this place.  they also charge $12 per day to use the gym- why is this not free to hotel guests?  there is no comfortable place to sit and watch a sports game either.
casino games were boring and none of the arcade games worked.  i actually walked over to circus circus between meetings and had a better time.  mainly because everyone else there looked like they were having more fun too.  my idea of fun is not to watch the crack-like addicts with their slot machine cards attached to their jackets play 20 machines at a time.
the surrounding area is pretty shady too, i walked down to the better parts of the strip, but i took a cab back ($11 from the forum shops!!).
I actually stayed here for an annual company meeting once.  I was a bit excited to stay in a place that had some *history*.  It turned out to be a little sad.  The place was a bit on the worn down side and it looked like everyone in there matched the decor perfectly.  The rooms looked like something you would film a cheap amateur porno in.
I needed to update this review and while it WAS one of my faves to stay at, they are trying to make it more profitable on their end...of course and have done away with the 99cent beer...and the good Kady food specials...so needless to say if we go back to Vegas we will not be staying at the RIV. I think I might stay at the Imperial palace. They seem to appreciate their players more.
Wow, and I thought I'd never look great in gold tinted mirrors -- Boy, was I wrong! After my weekend stay at the Riviera, I'm seriously considering putting those suckers all over my pad.

This hotel / casino seriously looks like an 80's happening hot spot. My friends stayed down the strip at Planet Hollywood, or "ph", because LV likes to abbreviate things now. "ti" is the old Treasure Island. I'm confused. Anyways, back to the point. When they asked what it was like, I told them it would have been really awesome in the late 80's, but now its an old hotel in the middle of the older hotel cemetery. All the bad boys are being torn down and replaced by Mr. Trump's luxury condos and shopping malls. A crying shame. 

I did win $300 in penny slots. That was pretty awesome. Then I went and blew my earnings on faux Coach bags in their shopping area.
The website mentions a multi-million dollars renovation... uh?
The Riviera is completely outdated, the rooms are divvy, the beds uncomfortable... the overall experience was just lame.
The best part, there is no way to sleep with the air-conditioning on, in Las Vegas!!! The A/C units are too old and sound like an engine in the room.
We will never go back.
I had the misfortune of eating at one of the buffets at the Riviera.  I can't remember the name of the buffet but it cost $15 and I remember going up the escalator to the first floor.  The food is TERRIBLE!  How this place can justify such dreadful food?  Everything I ate was so badly cooked and awful tasting.

I only had to look at the faces of the other diners to see that I wasn't the only one that was horrified.  

I just dumped my food and vowed never to go back to the Riveria for anything to eat.

To round it all off, the server who took my plates away was a hunchback and was bent over double and could not see what was in front of him.  It appeared he could only look at the floor.  I kid you not.

The other servers were taking their time with everything and many tables were left with plates and silverware on them for long periods of time.

In the words of Bette Davis: "What A Dump!"
The two stars is due to the fact, I discovered the trick when staying here.  Stay in the back tower.  

The valet parking is done from downstairs, and requires that you pass thru the grossest casino with the worst carpeting that you have ever seen.  

Don't eat, drink or gamble here.  Pretty much full of people that "time left behind".
Old, old, old, and too far down the strip.  I stayed here to go on the cheap.  Not next time.  They really ticked me off the last day.  First, they tacked on an energy surcharge when I checked out.  Is this something required by law of all the hotels now?  This did not happen before.  If it is not law, it is crap!  They should have just added it into the price of their crappy rooms!

To top it off, we went the night before to print out our boarding passes.  they guy at the desk said he couldn't help us, even though he was just chatting up his co-worker.  He told me I could either use my credit card for the machine in the lobby or to go to the business center in the morning.  Assuming it was free (remember, my friends, what it means to assume!) we walked allllllllll the way across the hotel to be informed that there was a dollar a minute charge to use the internet and a 50 cent fee for each sheet of paper we printed off, even though we were guests of the hotel.  What if their internet was as slow as their hotel is old?  It would have cost us a lot for a dollar a minute!  What a load of crap!  I realized then how far away I was from the Bellagio...

One star because they are next to the Peppermill, one of the best places for breakfast in Vegas!!!
My partner said something like The Riviera is perfect for those people who like those "not-quite-up-to-par" Holiday Inns and the like.  

The only reason we stayed at the Riviera because it was one of those few hotels in Las Vegas that allowed us to stay for just one night during New Years Eve.  The other hotels had a 2- or 3-night minimum.  

We ended up with a smoking room, which wasn't too bad.  My complaint about the room was that there were cobwebs and dust on the ceiling.  

The Riviera could benefit from a facelift.  Their gaming area is...ok.  I was more interested to play at other casinos than at the Riviera.
I didn't realize they had hotels specifically for drag queens--not that there is anything wrong with that.

I've stayed here a few times when every place else was sold out and/or I had just a few coins jangling in my pocket.  Big mistake.  Each time.  Obviously, I'm a slow learner.

Dirty, dingy and no fun.  Unless you're a drag queen.  And I bet they hate this dump, too.

I'm heading to the Y the next time I need someplace to crash.  Or I'll just sell my plasma and live high on the hog at the Bellagio.  Hey wait, I think Cheetah's is open all night...
So my two friends were low on money and to help them out we shared a room. It came out to about $20 a person per night, not bad. Things weren't terrible, but we did have several things missing from our room. My friend's Ralph perfume went missing, and so did some of my hair accessories. Weird. We didn't eat there, thank god. I feel sorry for people who did. It didn't seem like that long of a walk to the strip on the map, but trust me IT WAS. We would go out to the strip at night, get drunk, and by the time we got back to the hotel, we were sober again, even using the monorail. Not fun. Plus there is this super creepy shack thing in between the Riviera and the strip, everytime I walked past it at night I felt like James Marsters was going to jump out and suck my blood. The last night we were there, we decided to splurge and stay at the Luxor. Ahhh so much better.
it is time to tear this down and build a good casino here. I have nothing positive to write about this place.
This place is really really budget and that is the truth, It is an old hotel, it has that strong smoke smell everywhere, but there are low limit tables and its a clean place to crash after you have partied all night. The cilent is mostly older adults and the food options are dismal.
This review is for the Crazy Girls show at the Riviera. I went to this show with my wife and it couldn't end fast enough. BO-RING. The girls were clearly tired of their routines - there was no enthusiasm, some of the girls seemed like they just learned the steps.  Maybe they should change the chorus to "We're Lazy Girls, just Lazy Girls" 

What a bomb.

Forget the Crazy Girls and go to the Crazy Horse
A friend had a free stay he couldn't use, so we took advantage because who turns down a free hotel in Vegas?  Not me!  Especially when you're hardly in your room anyhow.

I love this hotel and here's why:

** It's a strip-located hotel with a downtown price
** They are renovating the rooms to all have pillow top comfy mattresses and flat screen plasmas.
** Low limits on table games
** Extremely empty gaming areas (I was at a $5 table by myself on a Saturday night)
** Good value poker tournament three times per day
** The fastest valet in Vegas
** Non-smoking room means non-smoking room
** Electronic check in and check out.

Basically it's a great location that has cheap, available gaming, with new-ish rooms.  When there's not enough to offer you here, there are about 15 other mega-resorts to curb your appetite.  You might as well sleep in a decent cheap room and save your benjis for slots, smokes, shopping or strippers.

Sidenote:  Some of the dealers are ancient and basically creepy old men who say inappropriate things.  The rest barely speak English and refuse to tell you the correct basic strategy move - they just say "it's your money".  Nice.  At least it makes you laugh later and gives you a funny story to tell.  More Vegas entertainment!
The Riv, ooh the riv.... When will you be demolished and rebuilt into something good. The casino play is horrible. Don't even think about coloring up if you plan on still playing. On a winning streak? New dealer or random shuffle requested by the bosses. Orrrrr how about the double deck game that the dealer cuts so your only playing 1/3 of the deck... . ...

Last year my friend had a cockroach in his hotel room, free upgrade to a suite from it.... They didn't even want that, and are not staying there this year when the same convention comes into town there, instead the hilton across the street.

I come here now and then when friends are in town, I can always make some money there but its harddddddd lucky to break even most of the time. Others im sure do well but me and the riv... 

Valet, most always full at night, plan on tipping a buck or two to get the valet to take your car. Or just say you stay there. The worse part is if you have a lower car, you WILL scrape over their 4 foot speed bumps. 

Now time to say something nice about the riv, its better than gambling at binions downtown :)
Great a cheap ass in our party said this is the best deal on the strip. It sounds like what you are telling me is.......Fat pale girls around the pool that is out dated. But before i get to the pool i have to worry about gun fire and lung cancer.  Then i will get a drink that taste like someone pissed in it.  On the walk to the casino that looks alot close than it is i will get robbed.  Well the way i look at it it has loose slots and every time i have spent a weekend in vegas i have stayed somewhere different and out side the mgm or luxer  i never spent time at any of them.   I cant wait to post the review on this old pile.
This place has really improved itself....

My wife and I stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago for the Teacher Conference.  We has a really good time there. The new rooms were awesome! The wireless internet people company that services your hotel did a awesome job! There were many problems with the wireless, but nothing that wasn't able to be fixed. One issue that couldn't be fixed that was a little disappointing, they could not provide a mini fridge as it was needed to refrigerate medication. I found this insensitive toward people with medical conditions. They offered to switch our rooms but we would not be with our group as it was one of the reason we came to this hotel.

Even though your hotel is at the end of the strip, it wasn't far. We were able to walk from Luxor to the Rivera with no problem.

Overall, I would come back to this hotel. Not the fanciest place on the strip, but it didn't fall short of expectations.
Located at the end of the strip, i didn't really like this place.. quite boring, far from civilization!... it is convenient with a walgreens located a few minutes away and a mcdonalds.... i will not stay here again.

-x3 shells
It's really not that bad!
I've stayed at other cheapie hotels in Vegas, and I would definitely consider coming back here. The rooms in the Monaco tower have recently been remodeled, and while they may not be as luxe as other hotels, you get a good deal for the price...as long as that price is under $100 on the weekends, which is what I got through the website. Some of our friends waited till the last minute to book and found the prices had gone up to 199/night! Be sure to book early for a good deal.
Everything costs just a little bit less at this hotel, and the walgreens and CVS are not too far away. Beers at the scary Slots a Fun across the street are only 2 bucks as well. Most of the patrons seemed to be older folks, conventioneers, and young people trying to save a few bucks. It may be a little far up the strip, but not too far to walk to the Wynn or the Fashion Show Mall if you are in moderately good health and the temperature is under 100 degrees. They charge $12 to use their gym, and I have no idea why since the equipment is outdated and the "spa" was nonexistent. They also have a 24 hr coffee shop featuring a late night $5 all u can eat pancakes special. Not the place for a romantic getaway, but perfect for a rowdy weekend with friends.
You may think Im crazy but I really do love the Riviera.  We just got back about an hour ago and stayed here Fri and Sat night.  Its one of the only places I stay when I go to Vegas becuase I get hooked up from  the players club....aka...I have dropped alot of coin in this place so they "reward" me with discount or free nights.  You cant complain on free rooms or at most 60 bucks a night on weekends.  You cant find that anywhere else in Vegas.  They remodeled most of the rooms and they are actually really nice now.  Good comfy beds, flat screen LG Tvs and actual brand name Bath and Body Works stuff in the bathroom.  As far as the casino, its kind of well......old.....the cool crowd doesnt hang out there thats for sure.  Drink service is always fast and plentiful and most of the time you can find $5-$10 blackjack tables.  My brother and I cleaned up one afternoon and both cashed out a couple hundred ahead.  Cant complain!  Not much around the Riviera.  Sahara down the strip.  Circus Circus across the street.  The Wynn is a few blocks down which is cool and thats where we go to gamble alot of the time.  If you want a nice room to sleep in on the cheap, please come here to the Riviera!  Its not as bad as people make it out to be.
In a word "Yeeeuck".  Dingy, strangely laid out with poor service.  DO NOT - I repeat DO NOT EAT HERE.  We had lunch in the coffee shop and it was awful.  The server had no problem taking the most offensive dishes off the tab which was good but also lead me to believe that they know how wretched the food is.  Stay somewhere farther up the strip and actually get something nice.  We stayed here because that's where the wedding party was but had I known how junky this place was, I would have booked us at NY NY or TI.
Made it by the Riviera for the first time in about 10 years.  It's totally old-school and vintage.  I plopped myself down at a slot machine close to the entrance.  Within mere seconds, a cocktail waitress appeared and took my order.  She quickly returned with my beverage, for which she was tipped appropriately.  Before I could drink even half of it, she had returned with another, and they kept coming regularly.  

Outstanding cocktail service!  Much better than Sahara down the street or some of the other higher-end casinos in the same area.  

Moved on to the Roulette table and won a couple hundred there.  All the Riviera staff I encountered were friendly, smiling, and helpful.  If only there were a monorail stop there, I'd probably stay there sometimes.

Haven't checked out their rooms, nor have I eaten in their restaurants so far.

Good job with the casino, Riviera !!
Okay so yes, IT is FAR up the strip... about a 20-25 minute walk to the action. HOWEVER, I LOVED THIS PLACE! The newly remodeled rooms were really nice, for the price. Everyone who partied it up in our room commented on how surprised they were, that the rooms were so nice. I DID NOT EAT THE FOOD THERE!!So my rating has NO REFLECTION on the food.. I DRANK LOTS OF THEIR BOOZE, tho, and the drinks had REAL whiskey, and were NOT watered down.
ALSO, the Riviera is SUPER near a Walgreens(for cheap beer), a Subway(for $5 footlongs, when yer down on yer luck), and they have nicely sized mini fridges in the rooms. YAY! THE STAFF WAS ALSO FUNNY, AND I LOVED MY EXPERIENCE AT THE RIV.
Trashy decor and smoke-filled casino area. 

The room was spacious and had comfortable beds. However, it was always dark and cold. The bathroom had no ventilation and was not really clean. 

It's ok if you just want a place to sleep but don't expect anything else from this hotel.
This place is good when your in a budget and for $30 a night why complain right? And it was also a last minute thing. I called and booked it right then and there. I couldn't even get a room in SD for less than $60. So I'd say I'd definitely come back there and gamble somewhere else. Why not right???
Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
On this particular trip I stayed at both the Riviera and the MGM Grand. Believe it or not, I loved my room at the Riviera a whole lot more! They have recently gone through a series of renovations and their rooms are definitely up to par in comparison to the 4 star hotels on the strip.

For Friday and Saturday night reservations, I paid a total of $130 after tax. I believe I got it for a special rate from i4vegas.com.  They put me in a king sized non-smoking room. The room featured a wide flat screen TV and a plush king sized bed. The decor around the room was very classy with a bit of gold trim in it.  The window view however wasnt anything to brag about since the Riveria is located on Paradise, not Las Vegas Blvd. 

Walking through the lobby you will feel like you are a cast of the 70's show. The businesses are definitely aging and have not changed over the years. The bar next to the casino has very reasonable prices for drinks. You can expect to pay downtown las vegas prices at the bar here. I did not do much gambling or attend a show here, so I can't really comment on that. 

The only downside to the room I had was that it was located next to an elevator shaft. I heard elevators running up and down all night, but I did not mind at the occasion. I was well intoxicated and ready to pass out every time I got back to my room.  The parking was also very limited in the small old structure building which had one functioning elevator.

I definitely recommend coming to the Riviera if you get a great price. You do get what you pay for at this hidden gem.
Disappointing to average service.  POOR drink service, as seems to be standard in Vegas.   Rooms OK, but inconvenient to get to.  Not my first choice as a place to stay.  Somewhat smokey, and the dealers lean toward rude
Convenient location, if you're going to CES, but it's at the end of the strip. The room felt cramped. What's with no coffee maker?? It had an LCD tv, but we didn't even watch it. somewhat convenient to CES, bathroom felt small, but I think I've just gotten spoiled with all the nice hotel rooms I've been staying in. We wanted to go to the gym, so we took the elevator upstairs... uh what?! $10 for gym access? I don't think so. We decided to just go jogging outside amidst all the CES folks.
The nice thing was that downstairs had and ABC Store that sold souvenirs and water for pretty cheap. Walgreens a block down might have been a bit cheaper, but eh.
The Riviera is exactly what you pay for, just like everything in Sin City!  If you are planning a luxurious vacation,  dream of sleeping on plush mattresses, hopeful of impeccable service, and desire top-of-the-line, modern accommodations, then I suggest passing on the Riviera.  

If you just need a place to crash after a night of binge drinking, and endless debauchery then by all means book this hotel.  The only real  down side to  staying at this joint is it is not a central location, which means staggering home in your six inch heels at 7 am.  Overall not disgusting, but not a place to stay on ones' honeymoon.
I guess you could say I'm somewhat atypical when it comes to Vegas.  I usually look for hotels to stay at when it's just me and the bf.  Quite frankly I'm pretty cheap when it comes to hotels especially in Vegas when you're not staying in there most of the time.  So I've had very few hits with finding decent cheap hotels and very many hits on finding really bad cheap places that look like a scene from Psycho.  

So here's the background of my most recent trip, with the economy being down and hotel rates being so cheap in Vegas I couldn't help, but book this place.  It was on a long weekend and from Friday check in to Sunday check out it was a grand total of $64.88, that's right folks under $70 for two nights stay for a hotel across the street from Circus Circus and on the strip.  That's unheard of already.  By the way, I found the rate on Expedia.com, they're usually my go to spot for finding awesome hotel deals.  I was so blinded by the rate, I didn't do that much research about the rooms and hotel in general, because with that cheap of a rate, who cares?  

So I wasn't caring until we were driving to Vegas and I was trying to recall even seeing a Riviera hotel all the other times I'd come to Vegas and I couldn't...."Which one is it?"  So we finally drove up to it and it looked like shit to be honest on the outside....my stomach dropped and I was so afraid this was going to be the WORST hotel experience ever.  I quickly started apologizing to the bf profusely because we would have to stay here for two whole nights....

To my surprise and luck they had just done a huge remodel of the rooms.  The room we were in was in the Mediterranean Tower and I'm not sure if they remodeled all the rooms in the various towers.  Our room was very modern with dark wood with granite counter tops accented with silver towel holders, handles, etc.  Rooms also came with Ipod docking station, refrigerator, coffee maker, hair blower, flat screen TV (not many channels), and comforter blankets.  The blankets were not the crappy type with a brown fleece like one on top of white sheets.  

So if you can ignore the rest of the decor of this old hotel,  somewhat incompetent staff and need some place to simply just sleep after a night of having fun, I would recommend this place.
very surprised...
I have to review the Rivera because I think they deserve better than their 2 star average.  We stayed there this weekend and thought the accommodations were more than just okay.  

Pros: Great price, easy access to parking, remodeled rooms and landmark on the Strip

Cons: Near north end of strip, patrons are in the older demographic

If you don't want to shell out the big buck at the newer places, this is a place worth considering.
I have no complaints about my stay - everything about it met my expectations.  The room (one of the remodeled ones) was comfortable, the mattress was just how I liked it (which was one of the biggest surprises for the price point), the iPod dock was great, and saved me from having to plug into my computer to charge it, and it was reasonably quiet at the hotel, probably because it isn't one of the fancy, popular, expensive ones.  Just don't eat at the asian restaurant - I should've run across the street and had McDonalds - the quality would've been better.  We also bought monorail passes - it's about 2/3 of a mile to the Las Vegas Hilton station if you cut through the parking lot, and that gives you a little bit of walking to help exercise away the calories that you put on eating in this town, plus access to the further away casinos for much cheaper and less trafficky than cabs or the deuce bus.
When I think of places to stay in Vegas, I rarely think of The Riviera first. I like to stay closer to the center of The Strip. In fact, when I stay anywhere north of the Venetian, I am always afraid that a giant wrecking ball might reduce my room to rubble in the middle of the night. "Really? $24 rooms? Great deal, I'd like a room with a vi. . . CRUNCH, SMASH, KA-BOOM!" Frankly, I am surprised The Riviera is still standing. 

I booked a "package" through US Airways, which included a round trip flight from/to SFO and 2 nights at this beautiful hotel for $230, all taxes included. Wrecking ball be damned, it's a deal! Sure, I had to rent a car to drive around, but it was still worth it. 

The Riviera is a living, breathing testament to the all-important saying "don't judge a book by its cover." From the outside, it looks like a dilapidated, outdated monstrosity. On the inside, it looks like a good value hotel on The Strip. 

I stayed at the Monaco tower, which is the tall tower behind the main hotel. I was very surprised to see that the rooms were newly remodeled. They seemed more modern than rooms in more luxurious hotels. Each room featured an iHome clock radio with an iPod dock and a 42'' flat screen TV. How about that? I kept thinking, am I at the right place? Last time I stayed at The Riviera was 2.5 years ago. Here's the main difference: in 2006, my main concern was "Will my toilet overflow and flood the room with you-know-what?" In 2009, my main concern was "Should I wake up to the Backstreet Boys' best hits or New Kids on the Block most successful album?" Quite an improvement. 

Now, for the bad part. This goes out to the people who occupied room 6244 on February 14 and February 15. You see, I had the misfortune of staying in room 6242 which is adjacent to room 6244. In fact, our rooms had a door that, if need be, could combine the two rooms into one awkward 2-room suite. The presence of said door made paper-thin walls even less soundproof. 

So . . . thank you, annoying Filipino family, for talking loudly, for yelling at each other until 4 am AND for bringing a screaming toddler to Vegas with you. What was he doing up at 4 am, what was he doing in Vegas and why wasn't he sedated?

Thank you, two loudmouthed twenty-something couples for yelling and describing your clubbing experiences at 4:30 am the next day. Why were you staying in the same room? Shouldn't you have stayed in separate rooms and ... umm ... spend quality time with one another? Good thing you were too drunk to stay awake and make noise for more than 20 minutes. I was going to steal your "do not disturb" sign, so that an anxious housekeeper would wake you up at 9 am, but you forgot to hang it on your doorknob in the first place. I guess the joke's still on you. 

Valet parking at The Riviera is awesome. It fills up fast, but if you're a guest, it doesn't matter. They retrieve your car in a matter of seconds, and I still don't understand how they do it. Cabs are harder to come by, and the lines are usually long. If you stay here, designate a driver and rent a car.
Fun place to stay, good gaming and nice staff!!
I went to Vegas late November 2008 and stayed at the Riviera. It was my first trip to Sin City and I chose this hotel due to a)price and b) because it was the filming location for the Tangiers in the movie Casino. And a lot of other movies for that matter.  Oh and c) because its one of the few hotels left with mob history that I find so fascinating.
I was a little concerned before checking in due to some of the negative reviews I had been reading. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. I had a great time at this hotel. Everything was fine. Check in was quick. I received a remodeled room at no extra charge, which was quite nice. The staff was helpful. The location was okay. It's a little far from the main part of the strip but for the money it cant be beat. 
Now I am not one to prefer top-notch accommodations. I am more comfortable with a beer and a jukebox than a $20 drink and loud techno/top 40 music. If you prefer the latter you probably will not be happy with this hotel. 
I'd recommend this hotel for people who would rather have money to spend on food and booze than a fancy hotel room that you will probably not spend any time in. 
It's also right beside Peppermills, which is a 24 hour restaurant with a kitschy lounge that screams old tacky Vegas =) And slots-a-fun is right across the street where you cant go wrong with their $1.25 daiquiris and cheap beer specials. So, for those on a budget or those who prefer/can tolerate a dive scene to upscale scene you cant go wrong with this place.  
I'm going back to Vegas in May and I am actually kind of sad that my friends have insisted on staying mid-strip this time. Riviera I will miss you.
No, we didn't stay at the Riviera.  But, since our flight was at 6:30 pm and our New York New York (ahem) (notice the quotes) "LATE" (end noticing of the aforementioned quotes) checkout was for NOON, well, we had some time to kill.

As mentioned in the review for NYNY, they have a great bell desk that will hold bags all day, free of charge, if you've stayed there.  So we checked our bags and went a-walkin'.

Straight on down the strip...passing the new development next door to Bellagio, the huge glassy glossy development for people that actually want to own condos on the strip, past the Bellagio, the Venetian, Paris!, the Venetian's twin sister Palazzo, the Wynn and it's twin, Encore (REALLY?!  You need two??), past the demolished Stardust lot, Circus Circus, the new Trump tower, all the way on down to the Riviera.  Here, we entered the casino to rid ourselves of any money we had left in our pockets.

You know, all those glamorous casinos and hotel resorts, fancy appointments and luxurious accommodations, well, they all boil down to one thing:  separating you from your money.  Some people need to be burped afterwards (before and during as well), and feel they "deserve" luxury, or what the fuck ever.  So, they stay at plush hotels, spend lots of money on the room before spending lots of money in the casino.  It's all just too much.

The Riviera, to me, is classic Las Vegas.  It's casino looks like a regular casino.  The forty-something waitresses in tights who bring you "free" beers while you spend roll after roll of quarters at the Wheel! Of! Fortune!!!! are friendly, and never fail to call you sweetie, or hon'.  And the restroom is actually within a five minute walk of the casino...a HUGE advantage over the mega-resorts further down the Strip.

When you're ready to leave to pick up your bags at NYNY on your way to the airport, just be sure you've saved enough money for the cab ride and the tip for the bellhop.  Cause otherwise, you're a classic Vegas chump.

The nostalgic part of me doesn't want Las Vegas developers to continue their process of destruction of the older casinos and hotels.  Something in Vegas needs to be seedy, besides the intentions of the casino owners and the deviant minds of its visitors, that is.

Yeah, the Riviera is seedy Vegas.  What's it to ya?
My friend booked this room trying to save money!  We stayed at the Riviera after checking out of The Platinum Hotel on Sunday.  No need to spend another 169 dollars.  !  

*However....A WORD TO THE WISE....IF YOU GET DRUNK ON SATURDAY, MAKE SURE YOU DONT HAVE TO CHECK OUT ON SUNDAY!  IT IS THE BIGGEST HASSLE AND GETTING UP EARLY TO CHECK INTO ANOTHER HOTEL IS THE WORST! *

Moving on...

THE HOTEL:  They have kiosks to check into this place like the airports.  The front desk staff are rude but you get what you pay for.  The rooms at the Riviera are better than I expected.  The beds are comfortable.  THE BATHROOM HAS BARLEY ENOUGH ROOM TO SIT ON THE TOILET WITH THE DOOR OPEN!  If you are trying to do Vegas on a dime...stay here!  But, cab fare will be a beast!    

THE CASINO:  This casino IS OLD SCHOOL!!!!  It hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS OLD AND DUSTY.  NOTHING TO SEE HERE...the best thing about this place is the 7/11 next door and it is a short walk from The Wynn and Encore.  

This dude was borderline stalking and harrassing me and I almost had to report him.  He followed me downstairs and it scared me.  Luckily he stopped.  Overall:  If your funds are limitied....stay here.  Otherwise, stay somewhere else and save peace of mind.
Was there in March and have to say the staff not as friendly as they once were!
So I cringed when my friends told me they had booked our room here.  I in fact almost didn't want to go to Vegas at all because of it.  And, although i had never stayed at the Riviera before this last trip, I had been inside... once, and that was PLENTY enough of a visit to make me realize I had never wanted to go back.  But.... Ballers on a Budget Vegas trip led us to a few nights at the Riviera... And i almost had to shoot myself.  I was the first one to arrive and had to wait 3 hrs before the rest of my girls joined me.  I don't know how many long islands i had but they were the only thing that were keeping me from shooting someone up in this place.  Other then getting eye F--ked by 50 year scum bags, there was NO one even relatively close to my age in there, EVERYTHING is dated and there is just absolutely nothing appealing about the place.  Damn Roullette table took my $$ in about 5 mins with less then friendly dealers.  You couldn't pay me to come back and spend another night here.
Not a fan of the Riviera Hotel & Casino! All the magic that might have been here once as has packed up and left for a better place..

For the longest time I tried to look for a reason to not only visit the hotel, but also to stay a night or two.  I had heard a few good reviews in the past and was really looking forward to the day when the stars would align and I would get to play and stay.

Well that day finally came and I can only say my whole experience was one disappointment after another.  Yea, the food was "okay" but nothing to detour from some other hotels for.   The alcohols flows, but not with quite the same zeal as other places.   The gaming was, well, present.  But not really all that exciting.  They also had their little mini-shows by the bar/gaming areas and they had the standard passable acts you see other places.  Their headliner show  "Crazy Girls" was is a show that is little aged and getting sloppy.  One you should pass on by unless free and also dragged into.  The rooms still need an update to give them an appearance of the 2000's instead of the 1970's.

All of the items above I could have taken with a grain of salt expect for one thing that kept hitting me in the face over and over and that was this.  At every turn in the hotel I kept felling like the hotel was trying to suck the money right out of me without so much as a smile or a thanks.

This attitude showed when I first checked into the Riviera.  The staff all looked like they were stressed and could barely be put off by taking your name and looking up your reservation.   I would have understood the attitude if there had actually been some kind of crowd checking in at the time. But there were many empty locations when I walked up and got the sour puss from the reception desk.  

When I had made my reservations (directly with the hotel)I has requested several details about the room I wanted.  I have a standard list of items I liek that has developed over years of hotel stays.  This list  was given to the hotel two months before check in.  But the person at reception had no idea of the desires given for the room.  Instead I was left negotiating a last minute change to get back to what I had originally requested in the first place.

At every meal in the place I never quite felt like I was getting full value for what I spent.  Sure it was "acceptable".  But I always felt the little extras that spell out attention to detail were missing.  The presentation was always unexciting and the garnishes were non-existent.  let's just say you could get the smae at any decent restaurant in Las Vegas.  For certain there is a better experience to be had any any other hotel restaurant.  The Bellagio's establishments easily come to mind. 

I also felt like I was being gouged for other hotel services I took advantage of.  One of them tat comes to mind is the shipping office.  I had a few things I didn't want to drag back on the plane with me.  While I was prepared to pay a little extra because of the shipping taking place at a hotel, I was actually disturbed at the inflated rates the Riviera charges its customers to send or revceive packages.  The plus side to the shipping office was the staff.  They had a great attitude when helping out the customer.  Something I found utterly lacking in the rest of the hotel save for the maids.

A quick note on the room pricing.  The Riviera is no deal at all.  I am not one to be cheap.  I even take a a generous attitude when it comes to tipping everyone, including the maid staff making up my room.  But I did not feel I had gotten the value I have come to expect from a major Las Vegas hotel.  You might get lucky and get the room at a low rate but that is where the value ends.  And in Vegas you never depend on luck when smarts will get you better rewards.

The best thing I can say about the Riviera is they had the same feel of the Dunes Hotel the last time I stay there years ago.  And we all know what happened to that place!  Time for the Riviera to be razed as well!  At this point the only good thing about the Riviera Hotel is the outside facade it presents in lights at night,

I will not be returning to Riviera hotel as any time in the future. if I can help it   I would even look elsewhere first for a room even if conference or trade show I am attending is in the Riviera hotel  And that my friends is saying a lot coming from a person whose falls into bed after all day at a trade show.
It's and OK place to stay, but not the best place to stay. Its far from the strip which I hated. My girlfriends and I stayed in the Monaco Tower, which I beleive is one of the newer towers there. It was decorated very modern and it had a flat screen TV, but the room was small and so was the bathroom for 3 girls to be sharing. The air conditioner sucked if you left it on for too long. But thank god we went to Vegas on a weekend where it was not to hot and muggy. So we managed. They have no issues with giving you extra towels.

The pool areas is nice, but you better get there early to reserve a chair. Which really stunk cause chair reservation should not be allowed especially when their are more chairs reserved than people in the pool or around the pool. I actually talked to the towel man and asked him if it was allowed to reserved a chair and he said no, so I made myself comfortable in someone elses chair and when they came 2 hours later, they just looked at me and kept moving to look for more seating....lol

The bar by the pool serves really good strawberry margarita, if your looking to have a virgin margarita.

Check in was a hassel since there was a long line and they use these automated check in services, but yet there is no one at the front desk to show those people who are not as computer savy how to use the machines, so those peopel held up the line.

Also, when walking by the pool at night, there are HUGE cockroaches everywhere!!! Quite disgusting.

The casino is BLAH!!! Do not expect to win anything there.

The next time you will catch me their, is if the rooms are free and I do not have to stay on the first couple of floors with the cockroaches.
Hahaha ha ha.  What a shithole.

Yep, like everyone else, we stayed here on a last-minute package vacation deal cuz it was cheap as hell.  I doubt anyone comes here because they actually choose to.  You think, whatever, I can gamble in another casino, or spend all my time in nicer casinos.  And that's exactly what you do.  Except there's a few things that are kind of annoying about staying in a shitty hotel/casino and spending all your time in nicer places, like having to return to your shitty hotel/casino in the middle of the night.  And having to wake up there and go down to your shitty pool.  And having no convieniently-located dining options except for shitty restaurants.  

The staff was ok.  No one was rude, surprisingly - people were actually pretty friendly and jolly overall, said hi and how are you whenever we walked past.  Except for the security guard who told me to put my flip-flops back on my swollen and blistered feet was I was walking to my room.  Harumph.  They had no problem with me walking barefoot through the Bellagio or the Venetian - one of the managers at the Bellagio laughed when he saw me do it and said "Good idea!"  Stupid Riviera.

Room was ok.  Clean, average.  Air conditioner was kind of noisy.

Casino sucks, and is depressing.  Cocktail waitresses are scarce, and when they do take your order, take a goddamn eon to deliver it.  And god help you if you don't tip every single time - you'll get a nice dose of baditude and some audible snide comments.  Barely any tables open, even on Saturday night.

Pool is lame.  Deep enough to dive into, but that's about the only good part.  Reminds me of a Best Western or Motel 6 pool.  Not cool.

Restaurants are not only lame, but downright laughable.  With all the amazing dining options in Vegas, they expect people to be stupid enough to eat at a putrid-looking Asian restaurant that serves California rolls in bento boxes along with chow mein and kung pao chicken, or an Italian restaurant so creatively entitled "Ristorante Italiano".  Yeah, you gotta be f'n kidding me.

All in all, if you have really, really low expectations, don't mind walking about 20 minutes to get somewhere nice, and this isn't your first Vegas trip (unlike my bf, unfortunately) then go ahead and stay here, and don't eat at any of the restaurants.
This was the fifth casino I wandered into last night, and it was also the very first that provided me with a visit from a cocktail waitress as soon as I sat down to play.  Just as with my last visit, the waitress immediately appeared and took my order, then delivered it promptly.  All the while she was smiling and very polite.  

Other yelpers have complained about slow cocktail service, but that's never been my experience at the Riviera.  

It did appear to me that there were fewer machines on the floor than last time.  The selection didn't seem to be up to par, but I still found one that I could lose some money in.
Riviera Hotel is a totally piece of crap that you want to avoid at all cost. I am not gambling person. I just stayed for one night rest when I traveled to Utah. The room was horrible and suspiciously unclean, and worst the shower didn't work. For the fee they charged me, the room was unacceptable. I wonder why this piece of junk had not been demolished for good. AVOID it.

It does not deserve even just one star. Yelp, why don't you guys provide 0 star choice  for better rating experience? You have a candidate for it here.
Oldschool and dumpy.  We only stopped here because it was over 100 degrees and we were walking from the Hilton to the Strip and needed to take a break.  We signed up for the Players Club and were offered a choice of free tickets to any of the shoes or slot credits.  We took the slot credits just because we did not have time for a show.  However one of the shows was Charo who have seen  in the past.  She is awesome and funny so if you are in Vegas stop into the Riviera and get free tickets.  Also  there is a topless magic show dubbed "Abracasexy". 

Another plus is that an ABC store is located in this dump.  A great place to buy cheap drinks and snacks.  Long live ABC stores and the cheap Hawaiian iced teas they carry!
Stayed at the Riviera in March as part of a spring break trip with a bunch of my fraternity brothers.  The price we got on it from travelocity was $320 for 4 nights and round trip airfare- not too shabby.  

I think all of us were pleased with our rooms.  They looked like they were recently redone as they had flat panel HDTV's in all the rooms, the beds were neat with what looked like new bedding, and the rooms were clean.  Seeing how most of us only slept in them for about 4-6 hours at a time before heading back out they were perfect.  The pool was nothing special, but the towel service was free, and we never had a problem getting chairs.

The casino is small and has $5 minimums on most games.  I found waitress service to be pretty good, and usually was getting a new corona around the time I was finishing my last one.  All the dealers and players were pretty nice (one dealer even remembered me from a few nights before).  

The hotel is on the North Strip which a lot of people complain about- for us it wasn't bad since we spent a lot of time at Slots-a-Fun and had no problem taking the walk down to the Wynn or Encore when we were feeling more classy.  We did however not really get to see too much of the South Strip.  The Riv is also within walking distance of the Capriotti's on W.Sahara.  Good experience, and I'd stay here again.
first time staying here stayed only becasue of price at last minute i agree its time to level this hotel and build new one great back in 70s but now no way in resturaunt  we fought flys needed ride to primm nevada no clue from staff at cab area room was clean bed were good this is the first hotell ive been in that didnt have a couch or chair in the  registration area had to stand and wait till 12 to get room. i hope to never stay here again it kinda spoils your trip when you have a dumpy hotel once again the good thing was the price at last minute
Ok... I payed 25 dollars on Priceline so I can't complain too much... But...
So as we pass by all the beautiful Vegas hotels, Bellagio, Wynn & Encore, I start to get excited because I'm in Vegas. But nothing to kill your Vegas boner like seeing the Riviera in the daytime.
 
Damn.

So old school, walking in I had all these 80 flashback moments when my grandma use to take me to Vegas when I was like 4.

The rooms were ok... But then something tells you to look down at the sheets and no.
Are those stains?
"Yes"...
White ones?
"Yes"...

Yea.... So the only way to remedy this is to B.Y.O.B. (Bring your own blankets), or ask house keeping for one of those felt sheets. Fold it in half and sleep on top of the sheets.

Our toilet was clogged with hair when we arrived. I swear I had a Ring/ Dark Water/ Grudge moment.

The pool was cute. Thats about it.

Of course who really sleeps in Vegas though sooo.... If I ever do a turn around again I will check this out for 25.
It's not a bad hotel, but it's not the best either.  It's like the Motel 6 on the strip.  The bathroom needs to be updated with new counter tops and sinks. This hotel makes me feel like I'm in Vegas, but in the 60's or something.  The crowd is older and more hick.  Even though the price is cheaper, you're paying a lot for cab prices.  So why not just spend the cab money on a hotel closer to the strip and be fabulous?  Unless you are driving, then sure why not stay here.

It does have a very vintage Vegas feeling to it.  :-)
This place is pretty old and not really well-located on the Strip.  it is down near Circus Circus.  One day, this will be prime real estate, but today isn't that day.  Circus Circus will likely come down in the not-so-distant future as part of MGM's plan for expansion.  When that happens, who knows what they will do with "The Riv".  And if MGM flops with the City Center project opening soon (I have mixed feelings on that one) it may be a LONG time until this part of the Strip gets a much needed facelift.

Inside, this place is old, but it is holding up because the ceilings aren't low like you find in some old casinos (think Trop).  I go in for a drink from time to time.  The bartenders are friendly and the drinks are cheap.  That is a plus.

I usually complain about it when they tear down old places like this, so I am giving three stars.  A massive renovation and expansion could bring this property up to speed, I feel.  However, don't hold your breath.  I haven't stayed in the hotel so this review does not cover that.
Walking into this place is like stepping back in time.  Circa 1978.  Back in the day, my parents would come to Vegas to see Rich Little, Joan Rivers, and Frank.  (if you ask "Frank who?" I will punch you in the crotch).  And the Riviera was the place to be.  Emphasis on WAS.

Today, it's just a relic of what used to be hot in 1970s Vegas.  Oh, sure, they boast of "upgraded" rooms on their website.  Really, it's just a change in furniture and new linens.  That would be like your grandma getting a boob job.  Her tits would look like they belonged on a 20 year old, but the rest of her would still be busted.  Old, wrinkled, and hella busted.

So why did I stay here, you ask?  Good question.  I was here for a conference, and the room was pre-paid.  If I could do it all again, I would have stayed at the Bellagio and commuted down the strip everyday.

This whole end of the strip is sketchy.  Not as sketchy as downtown (a crack head once offered to eat me out. it was scary), but I wouldn't wander around outside after dark.  I don't think that I would return unless someone paid me.  Even then.....
If you choose to be a cheap ass & stay at the Riviera, you can't really bitch & moan about the outdated decor & the hotel's lack of overall fabulosity. Obviously, this place is way past it's prime, but you get what you pay for; so if you're willing to shell out $450-$550 a night, you can stay at the Bellagio or Venetian & be amongst the *happy* reviewers who *just adored* their fancy hotel & therefore, gave it 5 shining stars. But, if you are booking last minute (like we did) or aren't ballin' outta control, you're gonna have to settle for the Riviera & all its shortcomings, including some ghetto clientele & no aesthetically pleasing place to rest your eyes.

Look at that, i guess you *can* really bitch & moan, despite paying dirt cheap prices. I'm an ungrateful bastard, what do you want from me?

"Meh, I've experienced better," but an extra star for:
- we tipped the lady when checking in & she upgraded us to a suite
- every person on staff we encountered was super pleasant & helpful
- ABC stores in the hotel that sells my favorite drink in the world: hawaiian sun!
- pretty good value, considering you're still staying on the strip.
Our trip was for both business and pleasure since we were here with family and friends for a conference so we HAD to stay at the Riviera because all conference attendees had to stay at the conference hotel.  The ONLY good thing was that the beds were very comfortable. Check-in was terrible. Despite reservations made three months in advance, and phone confirmations made one month ahead and again two days ahead, they had the reservation wrong when we checked in and we almost didn't have a room for the four-day conference. When we got in our room (at midnight), we found trash from previous guests in cabinets. The next day, we mentioned it to the maid who was cleaning the room next door. When we returned after the room had been "serviced," the trash was still there. WE had to collect it and throw it out. The room was never vacuumed our entire four-day stay. (I know because there were strings and bits of paper on the floor when we arrived and they were still there when we left.)  Used towels were NOT replaced, despite following the hotel's directions about leaving towels on the floor or on the rack to "save water." 

But the worst discovery was the day before we were scheduled to check out. One of our party had won $200 in the Riviera's casino two days before. He didn't want it on his person so he left the money buried in his luggage in the room. (Not a good idea, I know, but his partner had just been mugged on the street two days earlier in Chicago and he was feeling wary.) When he returned to the room, the money had been taken from his wallet, which was inside a bag, buried inside his suitcase, in a locked room. The charger for his new iPhone had also been stolen. Of course, we have no proof, but we believe the hotel maid staff is responsible. The hotel's security was completely useless ("Here, fill out a theft report.") which is really a laugh. [When we checked in, we were told not to order any delivery food (like off-casino pizza delivery) because the security guards keep close watch, and the hotel will fine guests an exorbitant amount if they catch a delivery person going to your room.] But if someone (likely a hotel employee) steals from you, security doesn't seem much interested. We told them we were checking out immediately and moving to a different hotel (the La Quinta Airport on Paradise, which we HIGHLY recommend!) and, after talking with a manager, they did refund that room for one night. But it wasn't much recompense for the loss and for all the anguish and the ruin of an otherwise enjoyable conference weekend. Find another hotel!
Don't stay here. I was ROBBED here. If I could give zero stars I would.

SInce I could be held legally liable if I make any accusations, I'll simply say that I left a cell phone charger plugged into the wall behind the bedside table and $200 in my wallet hidden in a messenger bag in my suitcase in my locked room at 9:30am and when I came back around 3:30pm the room was cleaned and so was my wallet. Those are the facts. Anyone with some common sense could put two and two together. My charger was also missing. Take that for what you will. The cleaning staff denied anything and were not helpful. They actually threatened to call security because I was upset (to which I responded I should call the cops because I was robbed) but I said get security up here, they should know I've been robbed. Security looked around the room but ultimately did not nothing but had me fill out a "report," and of course I've heard nothing from them since.

As a COURTESY, we were not charged for leaving our hotel early, because I obviously I did not want to stay in a hotel, let alone the room, where I was robbed. Of course, I had already paid the price for staying with them and then some, but that was of no concern to them.

I'm fully aware that one should not leave valuables in the room, but its not like I left this sitting out in the open. "Whoever" took it, clearly went through my stuff to find it. Either way, the hotel took no responsibility whatsoever and was anything but apologetic. Whether it was hotel staff, another guest with secret agent skills and a master key, or a magic unicorn that stole my money and iPhone charger, this hotel is clearly not a secure place to stay. It ruined my entire experience in Las Vegas.

Don't stay here. Just don't. Find any other place.
Wow, people were really harsh about this hotel...but our room was decent and clean (well not clean on arrival at 4, but we dumped our stuff and took off for the strip) and upon returning in an hour the room was tidy. Look folks, we've paid three times as much for half the room in NYC so this was really not so bad...really. We stayed in the "Monaco Tower"? And we had a comfy King size bed with a flat screen TV. We are non-smokers which in Vegas makes us outcasts I know....but our room smelled fresh and smoke free (very important to us). Yeah the Casino and pool area are a tad dated, but the ABC store open all night was handy when we came in at 1:30 needing a quick snack to take back to the room. We were able to walk from our hotel down the strip (this was Oct. and in the low 80's, so doable). So I'd say all the horror stories here I guess had me prepared for the absolute worst, and I've stayed in much worse. This was okie Dokie....so quit your bitchin', you want 5 stars go stay at a 5 star....
What a joke.   I had to wait 20 minutes to get in Andrew Dice Clay show and 20 minutes in line for a drink.   There was no cocktail servers in the room ..   $116 for VIP tickets (each) and I can't get a drink?   I love dice - but please.  I paid for VIP tickets and this overweight Latin host says I need to tip her $20 to be closer.   Why pay for VIP.  Management check her, shes bad news. 

Hooters is nicer than this rat hole. Tear it down.  

And dice come on I'll pay more to see you at a nicer venue.
Remember the Carter Administration? Yeah, I do too, and I was reminded of it walking through this dump.

It's hard to believe that the Riv was once Dean Martin's home turf - what the hell happened?

This whole end of the Strip is extremely depressing: meth heads lurking about, various other shady characters (think People of Wal-Mart parts 1,2, and 4!) and this was during the day, my friends. 

My friend's grandmother used to stay here all the time; she's been comped rooms here since the 70's, which was probably the last time the ash trays were emptied. I made a quick trip up here, just for nostalgia sake, and beat a path for the door as soon as I got a Bloody Mary in hand.  The bartender was very friendly and the drink strong (reason for the extra star). There's a lingering sadness about the place, one of better days, like taking a trip to Versailles.

Visiting the Riviera is like watching your dog die.  I, for one, won't shed a tear when this puppy is finally put to sleep.
So as usual-photoshoot in the desert and decided to stay in Vegas to have some fun. Went to hotels.com and looked at the cheap hotels-I saw the Riviera on the list and hadn't stayed here before so I thought I'd give it a try. I noticed on the reservation that I could choose the upgrade of "Encore Room" so I paid the whopping $8 more and was blown away by the room. the whole price was under $40 for a Sunday and the room was super!! Flatscreen tv, ipod dock radio, granite bathroom with fancy soaps. The bed was to die for. I only wish I had had some company ;0)

The bad stuff-it's in a lame part of the strip-oh right-it's on the strip. Parking is abysmal and confusing-no valets and it's hard to load and unload your bags, the front desk people are like drill instructors. But did you see that it was UNDER $40!!! The last room I stayed in that was as nice was the Doubletree in San Jose-and it was $120 a night. Do it...
I'm so not intersted in hotels in Vegas, I'm the if there's a bed and shower sorta girl I'm cool. However since this hotel was close to all of Former Yelp Elite Member Carol C Vegas Wedding Weekend Agenda, I picked this one. First impression mean everything to me and I was not impressed at all by the first contact to this hotel, the check in is so cold and in-personal. You have to use a Kiosk to check in, then the person standing behind the counter will give you a room key and of course the "just in case you break crap in our room" bill. I even told the 
Guest Service Rep. how impersonal their check in system was, supposedly it's suppose to make things easier..WHATEVER! okay I'm calm now and make my way to my King size bedroom in the Morango Tower and surprise, surprise, the room was nice and clean and decent and actually quite nice. Once I settled in, I decided to walk amongst the hotel grounds and this place is HUGE, they have everything.. their own tattoo parlour, their own wedding chapel, hair salon, their own mini mall ( including my favorite ABC store), their own shows and theater and convention center, pool and tennis courts included, I even got a water massage. Several restaurants to choose from and was just giggly to see they had my penny slut machines. Okay for what I didn't like... after all day/night of partying it's so tiresome to walk all that way to your room, 2ndly why have the DO NOT DISTURB SIGN UP, when I'm sleeping off a hangover just for the maid to open my locked door and whisper Housekeeping,she quickly closed the door when she noticed I was still in bed asleep. Besides that I can see myself here again and most likely will. Oh and did I mention I won $ 150 on the penny sluts playing $20.00... VEGAS BABY , VEGAS!
After spending a whole day traipsing around Death Valley, I was merely looking for a place to rest my weary head. So I got on Hotwire and found the cheapest 3 star hotel there was located on the strip and got the Riviera (just for reference I got it for $28 on a Wednesday night). I wasn't expecting much and that's exactly what I got. The casino floor feels like a library. There are maybe about ten people on the whole floor. 

The room surprised me though. I'm pretty sure the room hasn't been renovated since it was built but they did change two things. The beds are plush and comfortable and there is a flat screen TV. The two things that a man needs to be happy. Plus it didn't stink unlike some other lower quality places on the strip (ahem....Imperial Palace....ahem)

My biggest gripe is the location. It's located just north of the Wynn so it's far away from the action. Luckily I had a car so it wasn't too bad.
I'm giving this the top rating because it's way more than I expected for the price.  Most of the bad reviews are from people comparing this to the nicer hotels and casinos on the strip.  Not a fair comparison.  It's a great 3-star hotel off the main part of the strip.

Staff:  The staff here are super friendly, from the woman greeting me at the front desk to the guy who unlocked my room safe.
Room:  Clean, nice, modern.  Nothing fancy.  Ask for the Monaco Tower.  Other rooms are apparently older.
Location: Perfect if you're going to CES since it backs onto the LVCC parking lot.  Literally a 6-minute walk from my room to the conference center.  Others on the main strip had to wait for shuttles, pay for cabs, and fight through traffic.  It's also a $6 cab ride to the Wynn or a relatively safe 20 minute walk.
Casino:  Looks lame but that's not part of my review.  Just talking about a cheap, safe, clean, convenient place to stay.

If you're coming to Vegas for CES or anything at the LVCC, the Riviera is perfect.  If you're coming to lounge around at your hotel then you'll probably want to pay the extra $$$ and stay on the main part of the strip.
We came here as part of a conference. The rooms were pretty beat up, my bathroom had no fan, and though the beds were comfortable I couldn't sleep because the space under the dividing door was large allowing entire conversations to disturb me from next door. Also, since so many people smoke, the linens smelled like cigarettes as they had obviously been washed with smokers' linens.
The hotel lobby itself was a mixture of disgusting cigarette smoke (stale) blinking lights and cocktail waitresses and carpeting that looked like they had been there since the 70s. It was horrible and tacky.
The conference rooms themselves were thankfully smoke free, so I mostly ran from the conference room up to my room. Overall the conference area of the hotel was functional and well lit, with clean bathrooms. One problem however was coffee. Apparently we were "foreigners" because we wanted espresso. There wasn't a starbucks or decent latte to be found anywhere near the hotel.
Mostly what upsets me about he whole experience, is that we paid three times as much at the "special conference price" for a crappy hotel room that was going for a third of the price on the riviera's website. So I paid $99 for a room advertised that night for $27. I think the conference was taken for a ride. Circus Circus across the street as well as the Hilton a little down the way were going for very reduced prices as well: Circus Circus $30, Hilton $49. If you are conference organizer, the conference space was great, but organize better prices at a nicer hotel.
I would give this "hotel" a negative 5 stars if it were possible. I was harassed catcalled and followed during my stay. I filed a report with "security" but they are NOT to be trusted. Some of my items were missing. I checked out but never got any refund for the rest of my week and a half stay. This place is NOT SAFE especially for women. PLEASE BEWARE!!
This is an  OK. place to stay  in Las Vegas. The room looked clean.  The AC was working and the air did not smell of Cigarette smoke.  I had a nice view of the Las Vegas strip.  My room  had a desk with a marble top.  I really like it, since it gave the room a touch of class. Room was quiet.  The hotel does have a convenience store downstairs and a good breakfast cafe (Kadies, opens at 6 AM). It is located on the northern edge of the Las Vegas strip, across from Circus Circus. 

On the other hand, it did not have free WIFI.  I think paying 9 dollars to get 1 Mbs internet access is ridiculous.  No complimentary coffee and tea.  The room had an alarm clock, but the time on the clock was off by 10 to 15 minutes.  I could not figure out how to reset the clock time.  If I did, the alarm clock would be more useful.  Moreover, you cannot set the temp of the room.  All rooms have the same temperature setting, if you do not like it , too bad.
Hey, It was my first time...as an adult...in Vegas; The Riviera was cheap.
Although our room was facing construction, it was more than enough for us. What do you do when you're in Vegas?? SLEEP?! I think not....We used it for our day naps, and our opportunities to make some pre-drinks. We are a young couple and it was perfect for us. We took the deuce EVERYWHERE and drove the final day....perfectly convenient. The staff was, as said, low on customer service. Overall, It was exactly what we needed. We probably wouldn't stay there again, mostly because we loved some of the other casinos a little more.
If you're looking for a great deal, while still having a nice clean room to rest your head, check it out.
This review is for the casino only, and after hanging out there for a couple hours, I probably would not consider getting a room here, even if it was free. I'm the kind of person that doesn't mind paying a little more for service, or at least some personality. 

I dropped my money off at the blackjack tables, and the roullete table, and of the six or seven different dealers that ran them, NOT ONE was polite, funny or even smiling. If you're gonna take my money, at least give me a smile. Smiles are free at McDonalds, and they have a dollar menu. The last table I played, the Roullete dealer barked at me for picking up my chips too soon, and gave me a look that made me want to knock his nose in. The waitress that was taking drinks at first did not want to give me a drink because I wasn't seated, and when I showed her my stack of chips on the table, she rolled her eyes back and said, "well whadda ya want then?" Don't these people work on tips? Yeah, stay the hell away from this place.
I wish I could drop the rating below the one star mark.... a while back I had to complete a western union transaction and the riviera was marked as the closest spot to me at the time.  Oh how I wish there was an alternative place to do business... everyone in the cage was rude and condescending.  I mean, its not like I was asking them to jump through hoops.  They took a tone with me so that I knew THEY were in charge of this encounter.  LOL   I havent been back to the property since, nor do I have any intention of going back.  I drove by there yesterday and my encounter popped into my head triggering this bad memory.   I will spare you the specific details of what they said, but just know... customer service is at a low priority here!   Sad.....
I don't go to vegas to sleep.

That said - the Riviera was just okay.  The room was decent and the staff was pretty friendly.  Yeah, the pool is nothing to write home about, but it's not like you're planning on giving your mom a play-by-play of what you did in Vegas so that's not that big of a deal.

Basically, you can buy a bunch of drinks for the money you save on the hotel room so I'm a fan - why not?
Nice place to get an idea of what "Old Vegas" was about.  Decent food and nice selection of table games and machines.  Truly beyond it's prime.
When your taxi driver tells you he hasn't been here in years and wouldn't touch a thing in the place, and your room rate was astoundingly cheap when you booked, you start to wonder what the place is going to be like, and you hope your (low) expectations are not going to be met. Unfortunately, they will be. I took one look around here, interacted with a few scowling, unfriendly, unhelpful staff members, and decided I'd rather fork out the one night's cancellation and relocate to the Hilton across the street than spend two nights here. Three people who didn't told me how smart I was. You've been warned. It's depressing; filled with people gambling away their social security checks and chain smoking. Avoid.
Had I known about the Bellagio special up the street that made their rooms almost the same cost as the rooms in this crappy hotel, I never would have stayed here. In fact I bet the only reason our conference was at this hotel was because they probably gave our society some amazing deal on conference space rental probably because they had no other business otherwise.

Why do you ask? Well let me tell you. First, the WHOLE hotel smells like smoke. I know it is legal in Vegas blah blah blah, but this hotel reeked. AND to top it off, our no-smoking room smelled so much like cigarettes it made me and my roommate have a headache and made all of our clothes instantly smell like it too!

You ask, well you should have called to have your room switched? WELL I DID. And I had to be transferred 4 times before I could talk to a manager who then maybe believed me that my room smelled like smoke. I AM THE CUSTOMER! And when it comes to second hand smoke you and your hotel should really try a little harder to please your guests. So they had to send up an inspector to ENSURE that the room actually smelled like smoke, because they still didn't believe me since I was in the non-smoking tower, and they claimed there was no way it could smell that way.

Guess what, the inspector walked in and said, wow it really does smell like smoke in here. And we FINALLY got transferred about an hour later! This is just unacceptable treatment. And the hotel didn't say sorry, didn't comp us or anything. 

Know what else was bad? Well their key cards for the doors were constantly not working, the hair dryer only worked in 2 second intervals and then would need over 10 minutes of rest before it could be turned on again, the wifi is slow and pricey, the drink girls were how do i say this nicely totally not vegas material, the decor just made me feel run down just looking at it, the food in this hotel is not good, and last but not least? Well, this hotel is so unpopular (maybe the scary clown across the street at circus circus scares some away), that you cannot get a cab here to save your life. I waited 20 minutes until a cab was bold enough to drive down the cab lane. And when I got in and said I was going to the Bellagio, my driver asked, oh is that where you are staying? This hotel isn't very good. At that moment I knew that I was officially jealous of everyone I knew in the Bellagio, and that I would never stay at this hotel ever again. 

Oh ya, and with our room with two queen beds, they charged us $20 extra a night for a third guest! When two people could sleep in one of those beds!!! Grrrrrr
I stayed at the Riviera for only $29. I thought it was great. I can't believe people are complaining about the rooms! Next time go to the Bellagio and spend $300 an night! Not only did I get a great price on the room, but I also got Half Price show tickets for some great shows like Barbra & Frank and the greatest comedy club in Vegas - The Riviera Comedy Club. I got the coupons at http://tinyurl.com/2e8wb6v or 
http://www.destinationcoupons.com
We go to Vegas once a year and have stayed at the Riviera for the past 4. I always considered it a great deal until this year. The room was dirty when we arrived and the maid never did clean up the blue stuff on the floor. The dealers are depressing the past two years I've had dealers with injured hands complaining of how much pain they were in. Riviera fills a niche of an affordable casino on the strip but they definately need some team building and quality control in the housekeeping and casino depts.
This hotel and casino for sure fits into the old school vegas.  It's still vintage like something out of a movie.  When I first entered I walked through the food court.  Yeah I said it...a freaking food court, it didn't even feel like i was in vegas, maybe some small town's mall.  The neon lights were mostly faded showing of signs of wear and tear.  

So why was i here? My friend was in a pool tournament, the BCAPL National 8 ball championship.  Their pool room is actually not half bad.  I know nothing about competitive pool but it was interesting to see all them playing head to head and only missing at the most 1-2 shots a match.  

It felt like EPSN on sunday afternoons without football.
I stayed here after my friend received a great deal on priceline for $50/night during the SUMMER!  This wknd in Vegas was overly packed, so we were happy when we got such a great deal on a hotel!  Let me start by saying that I didnt really know that this hotel was so far down the strip... but its fine.. we could deal with the distance- not a big deal at all.

First off.. we reserved a two bed, non smoking room.. When we went to check in they had given our room up to whoever, and all that was left were a one bed non smoking or SMOKING rooms.  The lady at the front desk obviously didnt give two craps about what we wanted and basicalyl said too bad.. and said she would send a roll away.  Fine. Whatever.  it was already late and I had some late night partying to do, so we took what we got (the one bedroom non-smoking) and made our way to the room.  

The room was nice!  It was clean, it wasn't dingy, the beds looked new, the bathrooms redone!  Ok.. not so bad at all!  But an hour later, where was the roll away?!  We called the front desk and the woman has the nerve to tell us that they have 1 runner for 5 buildings, AND that because we booked it on PRICELINE,  we basically would have to wait longer.  Excuse me?!  What does HOW the room was booked have to do with the type of service we receive?!  Umm manager please!  

The manager apologized and said that the employees are not allowed to make comments such as that.  Within two minutes, the rollaway arrived.  

The next day after lunch, we returned to our hotel for a mid-afternoon nap (hey we partied till 5 am.. we were tired!) So we decided to give our car back to the valet.  It was full, but the previous nite, the valet was nice and held our car till they found a spot for us- no hassle.  This time- "im sorry the valet is full".  But we had seen TWO people pick their cars UP from valet.  how can it be full?

Then the valet guy asked us what room we were staying in, so we told him.  His answer, " well Im not supposed to valet for you anyways".  WHAT?!  Apparently that valet is reserved for ONLY people in THIS building, but there is NO OTHER VALET in the hotel.  Are you kidding me!?  

Parked the car, then went to the manager AGAIN.  His answer to this situation? "Im sorry thats a different department."  wtf.  He was going to comp us breakfast for the morning, basically to quiet us down.. but what he should have done after ALL that is comped us ONE night in the damn hotel, especially because we listed every complaint we had from the beginning.

All in all, the place it self wasnt bad.  But the service in this place makes this place totally NOT worth staying at (and btw, apparently a LOT of other ppl were complaining too).  Do not stay here if you want a pleasant experience!
After booking my room on priceline I read a bunch of bad reviews on the web and was dreading my stay there. Since I named my price on priceline there was no way I could get out of it... and I tried. I was stuck! 

Check-in went smooth, I was greeted by friendly, helpful staff. The casino's air filter system was noticeable better than some of the other casinos I had visited. The room was surprisingly nice!! The room looked like it had been recently remodeled, current decor, clean, and a flat screen TV with a nice view of the courtyard and pool. The beds were very comfortable which included extra pillows, synthetic down comforters and a pillow top mattress. The bathroom was clean, modern and stocked with Bath & Body soap, lotion, etc. All that and I only spent $40 for the room on priceline (and that was for a Friday night)!!!!

My only complaint would be how early they close down the pool area (7pm on a Friday night) but they have a life guard on staff and in Las Vegas's present economic situation, I guess shutting down the pool early isn't unreasonable. 

It is located at the end of the strip, across the street from Circus Circus. If you are looking to walk out of your hotel and see a roller coaster, pirate ship and/ or Celine Dion then it probably isn't a good location. 

I am not sure why there are so many bad reviews online? Perhaps some bitter gamblers that went home broke, or some unreasonable tourists that couldn't afford a real vacation so they ended up going to Vegas looking for that Paris vacation and left disappointed??
Apparently desperate times call for desperate measures. 

I stayed here last year for the Singapore Math convention and swore blind never again to patronize this hotel... I hate it when I find myself having to eat my words...

This year, I'm attending the same conference with a friend who, after four rounds of chemotherapy has difficulty walking and in need of frequent naps. With such limited options, I reluctantly re-booked the hotel.

The staff were lackluster last year and this time, again, they didn't disappoint. 

They made it clear that they would not provide any special services in spite of my friend's afflicted state. I could get a coffee-maker for my sparsely furnished (but clean) room - but that would cost me $40 for our three nights.

I wished I could say we made up for it with cheap room rates... we didn't... our pitiful room cost $99 a night - special conference rates, apparently. A horrific rip-off, even by Las Vegas standards, especially considering we have to walk through 110 deg temperatures in the outdoors to get to the restaurants.

Next year, we're putting the room rental money towards taxi fares from the Bellagio.

Boooooooo.
Ok
Got a smokin' deal on this hotel on Priceline.
Was very nervous....

BUT AWESOMENESS!
We arrived on a Friday night, no line for check in, got in the newly renovated tower (Monaco).... and found that our room was modernly appointed, with a flatscreen tv and a comfy bed!

So... hells yes I'd stay here again if I wanted to do Vegas uber uber cheap!
I like many others was pleased to get a hotel room in Vegas for $50/night on a summer weekend. The room was pretty nice. Comfy mattress and nice television. However, I was very disappointed to discover that when I got back to the room after being out all day, $40 had been stolen from my bag! I could have used the safe for $3.50/day, but I've never had this happen at any hotel I've stayed at and since I didn't leave it laying around I had no idea that somebody would go through all my stuff to find money. What was even worse was I reported it to hotel security and they came to the room to do a report and I haven't heard anything from the hotel about it. It's only been a few days, but I know if I was a business owner I would follow up on something like this within a day. I mean, at least offer me show tickets, buffet tickets, anything. I will never stay there again.
All I can say is that this is just a step up from The Plaza. Pretty run down and bugs in the lobby bathrooms. Housekeepng does a piss poor job cleaning. Stinks when they are done. Hairs on comforter.

All n all pretty gross and wouldn't  be broken hearted if it got raised for the builing of something new.   Save your money and stay at Encore or the Wynn.
Rude staff.   Below average rooms.
I have stayed here twice now - both times for one night only. I have to say - I AM A FAN! The rooms that I have had - one King Room and one suite were fantastic value for money and were clean and well decorated.

The casino floor is far from amazing, but I kind of like the old fashioned vibe that it has. It is run down in places, but when you consider the price paid for the value you get - AMAZING!

It would be a big shame to lose hotels like the Riviera. They give a reminder of the older Vegas and luckily a reminder of old Vegas room prices!

Long live the Riviera!
3.75 stars. Value. 

This is what the Riveria is about. Don't say it's a terrible place! 

For a less than $75 per night reservation, it's pretty decent and comfortable and you're still on The Strip! Though the service at the Registration Desk may not be above par, you will be serviced but not particularly in a prompt and friendly manner. But again, who cares! 

There was an electrical blackout during our stay at The Riveria, so the A/C and the electricity was out until the evening. So wait time wasn't great, but we did end up getting a clean room at the Monaco Towers. King-sized bed, TV, bathroom...all clean and good to go.  

HOUSEKEEPING: We had the "do not disturb" sign during the day, but housekeeping still cleaned our room. I guess they don't pay attention to signs at these hotels! 

PERKS: large parking lot and nice pool area.
got a room very cheap on priceline. well, much cheaper than other hotels. Overall, paid just a few dollars less than if I'd gone directly through the hotel. 

casino smells very heavily of smoke, but it is an older casino, so to be expected?... But definitely noticed the smoke it more than at the other casinos we visited. 

check-in line on friday night at 10:30pm was LONG and took about 25 minutes. The lady taking care of us was not friendly, but also not rude.

Bellman was prompt and friendly.

Was able to upgrade from the smoking tower to the next nicer tower. 
Room was clean. And upon checkout, I was told the upgrade would be $10/day (2 days) but was only charged the resort fee of $15and change.

Parking was pretty awful. Often Valet was full (as was self-park). Once at the valet stand, he said they were full but asked what room we were in. He suggested we try self park again but if we couldn't find anything, to come back to him and he'd see what he could do. This incident made me think of another yelp review I'd read about a  customer being told that their car couldn't be valeted because they were in the cheap tower. WHAT?!?
It seems there was another parking garage WAAAAY at the back of the hotel property but there were no signs indicating so. So the last night we were there, we actually parked in the HILTON parking garage! what a hassle!!!


The times we did use valet, they were prompt.

Would do my best to try one of the other less than stellar hotels (like casino royale or imperial palace) before coming here again
This hotel is probably side by side just as bad as Circus Circus and Stratosphere. It is close than both those hotels as far as the strip is concerned but they are both far from all the action. There is not much going in or around the Casino as far as gambling or young activity so unless your like 70+ and your boring. 
The hotel rooms itself are ok and if you are on a budget than you have to do what you have to do right? 
The good to this place is that there is a good cheesesteak place and the wynn is only walking distance from the hotel so you can always have fun at the Wynn or Encore but you are not staying there. 
Ive experience better.....
The Asian restaurant here called the Banana Leaf was surprisingly very, very good with riendly service.  The Queen Victoria pub is ok but good for a little variety on beer.  And we picked up a medium pizza with 2 drinks via room service, and it was only like $20, which we thought was pretty good for room service at 2am.

Other than the above 3, I would not eat at many other locations at this casino.
Let's start with the good: A man named 'Wasi' at the brunch buffet was exceptionally attentive and friendly. Apart from that? ...the pool didn't have too much chlorine in it.

If the price makes you excited to be getting a place 'on the strip,' calm down. The Riviera is a sad, crumbling grasp at the Vegas experience. We found a cockroach in our room and I *had to ask* that we be compensated with something more than a new room. They gave us two comps for a 15$ buffet I wouldn't have paid 5$ for.
I know this place has history and is part of the Las Vegas Legacy, however We went here for the APA Nationals where over 800 pool teams and over 1000 players were going to be staying or residing here at some point throughout the week. 

Way under staffed for the amount of people. 
The first night we arrived, we went through 6 sets of room keys that DID NOT work...everytime we wanted to go to our room, we had to stop by the front desk and ask them to again fix our keys, and send security up to let us in, if the keys did not work.  Finally we got switched to a better room the next day, with a key that worked, however the only comp we got was a free breakfast at their horrible buffet... yuck! 

The good points:
The pool, the poker tables, the victoria pub, and the new room was really nice. 

If we do make it back to vegas again for nationals, I will stay at the Hilton!
I stay here @ least 2 to 3 times a year. Always good service, plus I get discounts with them now :-) Rooms are cozy & clean & they have mini refrigerators in the rooms!
Our group stayed here for our Vegas trip. I would have much more liked to stay in a burlap sack. I understand that renovations take time and money. Seeing that this place robs people at the table, you would think ALL of thier rooms would reflect that. NOPE

They have 4 different buildings and unfortunatley my friend was in the "old building". His room was literally 2 beds and a TV. The service at the front desk is non existant and the bellhop looks like they are angry at you.  

I couldnt complain about my room but i wondered to myself...why aren't all the rooms like this? The Wold Fare Buffet was disgusing and there is a food court inside of the Casino with all terrible eateries. 

They just need to punch up this place alot more to be competing with other Hotel and Casinos on the Vegas Strip.
Friendly bell hops are now ghosts, so is the Valet service.  Check in is now kiosk automated so when asking a desk clerk for service, don't be surprised they look and act annoyed.  There is a fee for the room safe usage now.  (It surprised me to keep my valuables safe, I had to pay $3 EACH time I opened the safe).  The casino Host never returned my email nor contacted me while my last stay (remember the appearingly annoyed front desk clerk? my message for the Host went via the clerk).  I will be bypassing a stay @ the Riviera Hotel and the nostalgia 'of an old vegas strip Hotel' will remain in my memories as 'days of old'.
The best part of the casino is the outside (featured in the movie, "Showgirls"). Otherwise, this place is super smoky. It feels like a downtown casino. I've been to two showrooms (the comedy club and La Cage show)- extremely uncomfortable folding chair seating and you're packed in there like sardines. And a ways from the stage, I might add.
My group of about 20 booked here for my wedding. The prices were at a amazing rate. Some of us got the old rooms, some of us got the newly renovated rooms. Our room must have been one of the best because everyone seemed shocked when they walked into our room...flat screen, big comfy king size bed, and two leather couches and a lounge chaise. Some of our party complained about not having microwaves and the expensive room service...a grilled cheese cost $8. Oh and stay away from the GROSS breakfast buffet. Absolutely worst service and most disgusting powdered eggs I have ever tasted at a buffet. Zeba's beauty salon  was $75 for a french manicure...where I come from, it's about $35. They do a sloppy job, very unsanitary and the ladies are all really raunchy and nosy old women. They all seem to suffer from a case of Bi-Polar syndrome. I would never go there again. 

As far as the hotel itself...It is a reasonable rate and reasonable service if that's all you need. The casino suks!
"Whoa the beds are actually soft in this casino!"

If there anything I hate about casino hotels it has to be the rock hard beds.  This place, along with Boomtown Reno, actually have decent pillow top mattresses, which is really nice.  

I think the architect must have been drunk when he designed this place however, because after staying here for almost 3 days, I still found myself getting lost in finding my room in respect to the casino floor.  Also, I didn't discover the food court until late on my third day.

The casino is everything you expect from a casino floor, and yes this place is a little run down and old.
The room was musty and looked its age. It would have been fine had it been in a rundown motel, but this was the Strip.

The hotel charges a daily resort fee of about $25 on top of its room rate, whether or not you use the swimming pool or the spa.

The coffee shop had lousy coffee, but the service was good.
This place really sucks! I was there on November 14th until November 18th and not only was the pool closed, at the cost of $100.00 per day they do not offer free Internet and you have to pay for their TV movies! There was an African American hotel clerk / check out woman at the hotel check out / in counter who was the so rude and had such an attitude when I nicely asked a few questions. She was such a JERK! I will never go back to this place! Bad, bad, bad! Oh! most of their staff were nice to deal with and the security people were very nice. Still I will never go back here again. 
By the way, if you stay here, go to McDonald's for free wifi!
I have to admit that I'm a Vegas veteran and had always heard about the history of the Riviera. I was expecting old school cool and I mainly only got the "old" part right. For about roughly the price I pay for other places, this place should have stepped up to the plate but it failed miserably.

The parking garage was a complete disaster that should be bulldozed. The elevators were down for days...minor annoyance until the rest of the stay... I asked a simple question at check in about upgrade availability as I checked in through the attempt to completely de-personalize the registration & checkout process. The clerk, and every staff member for that matter, was extremely rude and annoyed. I was answered with a curt, "that room is already an upgrade." I called back a few more times throughout my stay regarding this, something else I can't recall, and late checkout. The front desk never answered for the rest of my trip. Horrible, horrible service.

I got to the room and it was your typical standard Vegas room. Nothing really that special about it but it wasn't bad other than not honoring any of the requests I had made when placing the reservation nearly 2 months ago (high floor, away from elevators, king bed, etc.) and the really crappy view of something that looked like the ghetto. I called the front desk after finding stray hairs on one of the bed pillows (gross....) and also about the view since I had paid extra for a better room. I received a rude, "We're completely booked. Try back tomorrow." wtf I've never received such bad service in Vegas from the hotel I was staying. 

The bathroom was ok but how cheap does a hotel need to be? There wasn't the standard toiletries even provided like lotion, showercap, conditioner, etc. The only thing was shampoo- thank goodness I brought my own with the exception of the lotion which I had to purchase from the ABC store ($4 for a teeny tiny bottle- like the size you should get in your room). Makes me wonder if ABC and the hotel cut a deal- there's not excuse for cheaping out that badly. The toilet looked like it had leaked pretty badly at some point also. My showerhead rocked my world though- it was awesome but I heard this wasn't the case across the board from other people that were traveling with me. The beds were super comfortable and I actually slept like a rock.

Overall I was just disappointed in the options the hotel provided. The food places were mediocre at best (even the Queen's Pub or whatever sucked and the services was horrible). Everyone who worked here seemed angry at the world and the gambling wasn't even fun. 

There are so many other places to stay on the Strip that blow this place out of the water. Yes, it can be cheap but I paid for a slightly better room which came out to about the cost of another hotel that I normally stay at and receive red carpet treatment. I will never stay here again- even if it's the preference for a work function I'll opt for another hotel. There's much better places for the money- just do your homework.
This hotel is good for what it is; one of the first hotel's on the strip.  This hotel is the first high rise in Vegas and remains and draws a rather trashy + senior citizen crowd.  

The location is good because it's by a 24 hour 7-11 and Dennys, but the pool is crap, the Restaurants in the Riviera are crap, the casino is gross, the rooms are umm.. a C?  

We paid around $60 a night for rooms here through a third party site and we were satisfied, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here or pay ANY more than 60-ish!  

I can imagine this is the way my grandparents might have experienced Vegas :)
What is there to add? 

ROOMS 
PLUS-Room in the Monaco Tower was clean, the bed comfortable, the water pressure fantastic, and a tub that drained quickly. 

MINUS-My brother booked the conference rate....big mistake 

CONFERENCE CENTER 
PLUS-Lots of rooms and adaptable to the needs of our workshop 

MINUS-Time warp to the '80s 

CASINO 
PLUS-The lights were on and the machines worked 

MINUS-Dowdy, rundown, and stank of encrusted smoke 

FOOD/OTHER SERVICES 
PLUS-None (the lights were on) 

Minus-Only went to the buffet for dinner. Better bet: exit the hotel and go to the Peppermill next door. 

I'm not quite sure how the Riviera survives in the cut-throat environment of the Strip. They must get enough bus tours and conferences to keep the dollars flowing. It is convenient to Circus Circus and a short walk to the Wynn. If you are looking for an experience of the Strip today, keeping walking. If you want a cheap room in a run down hotel, the Riviera is the place for you.
(Note, this is for the HOTEL only. I could care less about gambling)

I want to give it 3 and 1/2 stars, but Yelp doesn't offer that option yet. I had it at four until I remembered the long check-in and reduced staff feeling. 

But the big issue keeping me from giving it more is the ridiculous $10 charge for wi fi.  In this day & age, when every effing coffee shop has free wi fi, these guys can't as well? McDonalds has freaking wi fi now!!  

This amounts to a hidden room charge and for that amount I would rather stay at a LaQuinta Inn or other hotel-only place. 

I have to say the rooms were shockingly nice after walking through the casino that is trapped in some some sort of 60's/70's/80's mash-up. Check in took about 20 minutes because there was a crush of people due to a convention (reason we stayed there, mom was attending the convention and walks with a cane). For some reason the woman directing people at check in did not send them to unattended machines that would have sped up the process a lot. 

We had two different rooms (a double and a king-sized, both non-smoking) that were in the Monaco Tower. While not spacious, they were tastefully decorated. Each came with a desk, drawers, flat screen, ottoman high enough to use as a suitcase rack and mini-fridge hidden away. There were room-safes (my suitcase locks, so didn't need it). There were steam irons with boards in the closets and a hair drawer available in the bathroom. Plenty of towels were available. 

Everything was very clean, especially the sheets and bed linens. Speaking of which, the sheets were some of the softest I have found in hotel/motels. Also, really fast elevators that we never had to wait more than 30 seconds on. Actually that might be longer than we waited. 

If you drive to the hotel, use the Paradise Road entrance (where you will see a very convenient and cheap Arco gas station) for easy access to the parking garage. This is also the easiest way to access the convention entrance. 

The only place in the hotel I spent any time in was the Queen Victoria Pub which is open 24 hours with both food & drink. Really nice selection of beers on tap and some really good single malt scotches that our bartender charged us way under for. They have great homemade chips & crisps - be sure to ask for the curry sauce to dip them in. 

Another plus were the prices in the 24 hrs ABC Store next to Registration, which were reasonable. Pretty good selection of stuff too. 

As someone else pointed out, the Peppermill next door is a good (not great) place to eat. The decor is wonderfully kitchy neon over-the-top. And you have to check out the water fire pit next door. I'm guessing many a hotel tryst and/or wife swap began on those cushions.... ;-)
So here is my experience while staying at this dump. Me and 3 other friends wanted to go to Las Vegas for a quick 4 day Weekend Vacation. We looked for a flight and hotel deal on expedia and found the Riviera listed as a package deal for $800 a person. We looked around and also saw that the bellagio was listed for $1000 a person. 

We thought it be better if we spend the $200 difference in Las Vegas than on the hotel. The pictures of the riviera looked nice and it was also on the "strip" so we thought how bad could it be. Well we arrived in Las Vegas on Thursday morning and got a cab to the Riviera. While riding on the cab we saw that we passed the bellagio, Caesar palace and all the other famous Hotels. We arrived at the riviera and went on to check in, we had to walk through the casino to the front desk. The casino is very smoky and you will cough alot if you don't smoke (which none of us does). We arrived at the front desk and it had about 100 people in line and only two people were working the desk. We waited for about 2 hours to check in which was crazy. We went up to our rooms which looked like rooms at motel 6 and had a very depressing view of some construction site. One of the rooms had a heater that was making a noise, we called maintenance and they came up to fix it. After about half hour of working on it the guy had it fixed. We asked what was wrong with it, his reply was "Thats what they pay me to know". What a douche!!! 

We were hungry so looked for a place to eat, we thought about trying the buffet but it looked crappy so we had some sandwiches which by the hardness of the bread where at least 3 days old. Also another thing, the shops in this place are a joke, its like a flee market. They have some guys selling knockoff sun glasses,cheap luggage, fake pearls and other useless stuff. The only good store is the ABC grocery store, which is really great and not that expensive. After we ate we went to walk on the strip, we realized how far this dump is from everything else. 

We spend about 100 bucks on cab fare just the first day because this place was so far away from everything. All the good stuff is happening around caesar palace,bellagio,paris, venetian and so on. Another thing about this hotel is that there are almost no young people there, its all seniors. The restaurants, bars that are inside the hotel are always dead. The food court is just nasty. They have no free wifi and plus they charge you a $8 resort fee for each room. What resort are they talking about???? I think they mean the swimming pool that was closed! We had to rent a car because cab fare was getting expensive. We then found out that valet parking at our hotel was always full at any time. I asked on of the valet how the hell is the valet always full, he told me that they only have 100 valet spots but about 3000 rooms. Which Idiot thought of this great idea???

 SO GUYS IF YOU ARE GOING TO LAS VEGAS, COUGH UP THE ADDITIONAL $200 TO $300 AND STAY AT ONE OF THE NICE HOTELS. TRUST ME YOU WILL NO REGRET IT!!
What a sad disaster of a place. The faded glory here was overwhelming. From the servers to the clientele, this place is depressing as heck. In a weird way it was sort of interesting to watch because it makes you feel good about your life. You also maybe get a glimpse of what Vegas was in the olden years.
Pros:
- Cheap: $30/night for Friday night using Priceline.com's "Name Your Own Price" feature
- Rooms were nice, clean, and modern. Large flat screen TV and iPod docking station
- Free parking

Cons:
- Super far away from the strip. However, if you're driving you could always drive to the strip, park in a free hotel parking lot and walk around.

Overall:
Would definitely stay here again because of how clean, quiet, and modern the rooms were. Better than the Imperial Palace and worth the nightly rate and driving time down to the strip (~5 min if that).
If you were getting this hotel for free, it would be alright to stay here.  But if you are paying, consider other places.

It is at the north end of the strip and it is a far walk/drive to get places.  The rooms were alright, but nothing special. The casino is old and just depressing.

If you are 40+ I am sure you would enjoy this place, it is full of the older crowd.  If you are young, you will hate this place as much as I did.
My experience there was ok overall.
The staff was extra nice, rooms were kinda clean, and real spacious and well laid out. Had a fridge and a safe (safe cost extra per day).
The casino is pretty bad, not much to choose from and pricey and outdated.
As for the sportsbook.. I would have to say it is one of the best. They have plenty of extra seats and screens as well as a cheap snack bar near by. 
The food quart is pretty well laid out with all different kinds of food available. 
I also noticed this hotel BLASTS music louder than ever, just outside the hotel all the time..probably to draw tourists in.
I was in the end charged a resort fee i was told nothing about, and the amount decided to change in the long run.

*Overall it was an ok stay, but for the price with the unspoken "resort fee" i would rather stay at a REAL resort!
A terrible place, with a distinct aroma of cigarettes and sadness.

Check-in took way longer than it should have, the clerk at the front-desk was completely rude. 

When I opened up my room, I found that, surprise, it hadn't been cleaned yet! I called the front desk and waited and waited but no one picked up.

I went out in the hall and told one of the housekeepers that my room hadn't been cleaned yet. I didn't even get a "sorry bout that". She just looked at me like I was crazy and said "yeah, but you can still put your suitcase in there"

I told her I had work I needed to do and she said "well, you can work in there too."

She didn't make any offers to clean the room herself, since that was "Eva's" job, and she seemed to have no idea where Eva was, nor did she make any effort to find her. Finally, she reassured me that Eva would come by "within the hour...I mean...much sooner than that, she'll be by really soon."

I entered the stuffy and messy room and tried to get some work done at the desk. First had to pay for the somewhat spotty WiFi (about $10 a day). I opened the window wide to try to get some fresh air into the room.

About an hour later, I went back out into the hall to ask the housekeeper what the deal was. "Oh, Eva hasn't come yet?" "No."
"Well, she'll be there soon."

I told her I wanted to take a nap before dinner (I'd be traveling all day) and she rolled her eyes and said she guessed she could "start" cleaning the room for me, and then "Eva" would finish it.

When she came into my room and say the open window (which had no screen), she said "you opened the window? You're not supposed to do that. You could jump out or something."

(Yes, that's actually what she said.)

What a dump!
I've gone to a couple of conventions there and between the bad food and dingy surroundings,have not been impressed.
(SMB Nation,Black Hat,Storage Technology)

I am now in town for CES and a Storage Technology convention that was being held at the Riviera that I attended last year,(just prior to CES) was a walk down the street,

Imagine my surprise when they were charging $25/ bucks to park at a lot that was free last year.
The LVCC main convention lot which is a lot closer is only $10 bucks a day so,WTF?

So I really wish to thank these folks for the pleasure of  my not attending the convention at their facility.

I will tell the folks who sponsor the Storage Technolgy convention to not have it there anymore.

What a dive.
I hope they tear it down soon!
I'm sure at some point this was a nice hotel but lack of upkeep has driven this place to rock bottom. I guess also my taste is a bit skewed since I frequent the Venetian, but this hotel was free with my company for CES 2011 and I wasn't about to pass that up.

The whole hotel was pretty dirty, I thought at any moment the garage elevator might break or that one day the doors would open and a hobo would be waiting inside with a knife. Also, when I arrived at 10pm, the valet was closed...umm hello..this is Vegas...nothing closes..WHY ARE YOU CLOSED??!!!???

I also took a nap around 2pm and woke up at 6pm with a swollen eye, I blame it either on dirty pillows or one of the cleaning ladies punched me while I was sleeping because they couldn't clean the room...who knows...

I will give them points for having 76 cent water in the gift shops, comfy beds and fast room service (we asked for extra towels to be brought up.) Also, (being a girl) taking a shower and having the mirror fog up is a pain in the ass since we need to get ready afterwards. I don't know what crazy system they had but the middle of the mirror never fogged up and let it be known that I take hot enough showers to where you can't see your hand in front of your face.

Also if you want to gamble in peace, this is the place, practically dead in the casino any time of the day I came to find out. 

So not bad enough for one star..not good enough for 3...
The only reason why I ever stay at this hotel is for its proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Center and Sands for CES, WSA, or any other trade show, hence the reason for 2 stars instead of 1. After a day of walking around and looking at gadgets or shoes, it's good to know your hotel is only across the street.

Shower nozzles here appear to be for people 5 feet tall and below. Being over 6 feet, that was a real pain. I think the TV was probably a 20 inch CRT? Either way, the room was probably suitable for Vegas tourists in the 80s.

Ever want to gamble in peace? Come to this casino. That's the vibe I got.

If I ever come to Vegas for fun and with my early-20s buddies, I'll definitely be staying somewhere else.
If I could give it less than one star I would.  My wife and I recently stayed in the Riviera and I don't think we'll ever be staying there again because of our interactions with the front desk staff.  When I made the reservations for our room online they give you a choice for a double or king.  We selected a King in their premier room but found they had assigned us a double bed smoking room in their cheapest tower.  When I asked the lady at the desk about this with my wife by my side she snapped at me saying that king/double rooms aren't assigned until check in.  It makes no sense to me why they would even give you the option on their website to select the class of room/number of beds if it doesn't matter to them.  The rude, abrupt, and confrontational tone that we were treated with was keeping with the premier customer service of a vegas hotel that we have experienced in the past.  As it turned out she ended up taking our keys and changing the room without telling us what was going on.  We were surprised and confused when we entered our non smoking king room that we originally had reserved.  Why did there have to be an incident in the first place?  I'm still confused.
Review for casino:

I go to the Riviera to see shows - generally the Riviera Comedy Club where I went last night.  The casino is certainly showing its age.  I don't think there's been much of a renovation there in years, at least none that I've noticed.

The layout is OK and cocktail service has been prompt.  She stopped by 3 times last night in a very brief time even though the casino was the busiest I've seen it in months (there was an archery competition and convention at their convention center).

This is an OK place, but if I were staying or playing more seriously, it would be someplace else.
I was walking back to the Las Vegas Springhill Suites Marriott from the strip and was hungry for dinner so I stopped at the last casino on the strip between me and my hotel.  I went in and immediately sensed that this hotel used to be a classic.  Now it is just sad.  

The restaurant that I stopped in at was called Katies and I could not help but feel sorry for the help.  They were friendly and helpful and really genuinely nice people, but something tells me the should start looking for a new job soon because there is no way this hotel is going to be around long.  It is long overdue for a tear-down and rebuild of something new.
I had to stay at the Riviera during a couple of conventions in the last 2 years. The heydays of this hotel has come and gone. It is time for this property to seek investors to buy this place out and create something more modern.

I do honestly say, the ballroom on the top of the Monaco tower is beautiful. You get a sweeping view of the Encore and lower Vegas Strip, to the Stratosphere. On a cloudy day, you get the clouds rolling over the mountains and it is spectacular. This would be a true gem if not for the adjacent casino towers being built that ran out of money and is now towers of cement and creates an eye sore for this view.

The buffet here is less to be desire, although as the cost of buffets continues to go up in Vegas, I welcome the $8.99 buffet when I just need some morning grub.

If I was not staying here due to business, I would check out other hotels nearby that might be a bit more new and would probably have more foot traffic in the casino.
ok, BEFORE I get bannished from YELP for giving this place a 4 star rating, let me explain. 
Four stars means "Yay! I am a fan" and my goal for this business trip was to find a place on the strip at a very low price, that was clean, no bugs and friendly people.  When I go to McDonalds, I give the place high ratings since it is relative to what you PAY!!!  If I give McDonalds a FIVE STAR rating compared to other fast food places, then my review is accurate, if I compare it to a fancy steak house then I would give McD's a one star. So i am a fan of Riviera for this reason.

So this is the deal, I paid $50.00 a night on priceline. 
PROS:
* I was on the strip
* The room was clean
* The beds were VERY nice, great linens and many soft pillows NOT DINGY!!! It was actuall a treat.
* I played the slots in route to business and won more there than other places i tried out.
* The dinner buffet was good, (far from great) at $11.99 it was a  great price and I was able to review my notes from the day's work in comfort.
*  The people at the counter were VERY nice, professional and respectful, as well as everyone else that worked there from the bell hop, to the guy hailing a taxi me.
* The maid did a nice job everyday
* The TV and Ipod station were up to date
* There was hot water when i needed it.
* The room was very large about 400SF 
* Casino was large
* The Chinese Food Lunch buffet for $7.99 was VERY GOOD! (This was not at the normal buffet lunch, this was at the chinese restaurant on the Casino floor) 
* I checked out in the AM and was able to come back at 9PM via cab to pick up my luggage, that allowed me to finish my work for the day, then go out to dinner at the Carnigie Deli at the Mirage. ( corned beef on St Patty's day, it was great, but that's another review) get the luggage and head to the airport 
* Great place on business or pleasure on a budget, (UNLESS your spouse is a pain in theass, complaining type, then maybe spring for some more money for the grief factor)

CONS
(These are the little things that don't make the place "AS GOOD AS IT GETS" but did not sway me from giving 4 stars, again, because of price.
* Place is dated, (you can tell when they have a picture of Phyllis Diller as one of the stars who performed there) 
* The water pressure in the shower was lame (but I still came out clean, just needed another minute to rinse)
* The AC in the room was OK, i went there in March with temps outside up to 78 degrees. (but it did make me wonder how it would hold up in August, but if you go to the desert on August, you may want to find some nice reviews on Yelp for a mental health provider)
* The remote controll was slow in reacting to my pushing of the buttons. ( I felt really petty complaining about it since all that was on the news was the horror of the disasters unfolding in Japan, and i was complaining about the .3345 second delay to change a channel, while i was breating clean air in my underwear, in the safety of  clean hotel room in the good 'ol USA)
* The dinner buffet on my second trip was exactly the same, and it did get boring that time, so plan to go there ONCE and all is good in the hood! 
* The resort charge was (i forget the exact amount) was about $8.00 a day. But, after seeing other reviews about higher resort charges, at other LV places, perhaps this should be listed in the "PROS" section of this review.
* Not a great place to wine and dine your spouse, unless of course you are both cheap, then GO FOR IT and take the money you saved an blow it on gambling or food or whatever floats your boat.

Ciao for now.....CHRIS
Depending on which side of the towers you end up staying on, you can say this place is pretty good. The newer tower we stayed in was nicely decorated, clean (minus the random burrito that was in my mini fridge), but this place is not as dumpy as say... the 4queens. The room I stayed in had a view of the mountains and the back roads of the strip. I would definitely say that the best thing about this place is the fact that it is in the strip. You can always walk around everywhere else and trust me, you will want to since the casino in the Riviera is always dead. Nothing too spectacular, but at least the place doesn't have a waiting pool for a bath tub and no bugs!
I give this place a 2 star rating since it was free for us; however, if I was paying I probably would choose a different place. The hotel could really use some renovation. 

I did try Katies one morning for breakfast in the casino, and I also tried the buffet another morning. To be honest, next time I'd wait and go to another place to eat a nice brunch buffet.
Where to begin!? I'm fairly new on yelp, but can I give no stars? Or negative stars? 

I frequent Vegas quite a bit and am not too picky on where I stay.  I booked a room here via expedia.com for a spontaneous, much needed trip to Vegas...and I wanted to do it cheap.When we booked the room, the check in time stated noon clearly. We were antsy to leave so we left from San Diego at around 1 am and figured we'd  kill time until check in. During the drive, we were getting drowsy and called a few times to ask for early check in to which we were informed that it would be likely but to just ask and it shoudln't be a problem. 

WRONG!

We arrived at the hotel at around 5 am and went to the front desk immediately to inquire about early check in. The associate stated that we would have to come back at 12 to see about early check in. This confused us as check in was listed at noon on the site...to this she just pointed at a sign that said check in was at 4pm. I admit, we should've seen the sign....but never in my life had I had to check into a hotel at 4pm. The associate then became really rude and stated that all hotels have check in at 4pm. I stated that I never heard of that and maybe we didn't hear about it because we're from California....not in a rude way, more like in a "that's very interesting" way. She then  stated that ALL hotels everywhere have check in at 4pm and she would know because she has been to California hotels before....I guess she didn't think I would know seeing as I LIVE in California. We told her how we drove all the way from San Diego, and she didn't seem to care so we were sent on our way. I'd like to say right here that we were not mad WHATSOEVER....I know it's policy and I can't fight her on that but I guess we must have looked haggard or something because the concierge asked us what was wrong and we told him our story. He said we could inquire about early check in at 11. At this point, we were a little scared to ask the front desk associate so we walked to the car to see if we could call the hotel instead and work something out. My first call was transferred over to someone who told me to call the hotel general info line, which did not open until 10am as stated on their message. My second call was to be transferred to the front desk, to which I was transferred to just about every other place BUT front desk. My third call was to front desk, to which I was hung up on. Fourth time: again hung up on. Fifth time: the SAME front desk associate told us to call the hotel line at 11 when they open. It was a little weird to me that the front desk at the actual hotel couldn't accomodate us, but this 1800 number for the hotel could....At this point, my friend was getting irritated by the contradicting information and decided to go inside. The front desk associate didn't even TRY to hide her annoyance (if you are confused...we only talked to her 2 times once on the phone and another in person) Fortunately, we found another deal at a nearby hotel that had earlier check in. We asked the front desk if we could cancel because we were informed that check in would be earlier and that we couldn't afford to waste our one day in Vegas. She abruptly said that we cannot cancel due to expedia's policy and then asked if we even read everything thoroughly.  
We thought maybe we could call expedia and make an exchange as the other hotel was exactly the same price. Expedia was amazing but said that they need to get confirmation from the hotel. We asked to speak to the manager to get an exchange done right away. When we asked the associate to speak with the manager, she glared at us and said "that's my manager" and wanted to know why we wanted to speak with her. AWKWARD. She assumed that we were going to cancel again or do check in, and she stated that she already told us we cannot cancel or check in and walked away. When the assistant manager came out, she asked us what was wrong, all while the front desk associate was standing RIGHT next to her shaking her head, rolling her eyes, muttering under her breath, denying everything, etc. After we tried to get a few sentences out, I couldn't stand it anymore and asked the manager if we could speak in private and she said that we could not and that it HAS to be discussed in front of her. I have spent YEARS in customer service and have NEVER heard of a policy like that EVER. Way to make the customer feel incredibly uncomfortable. We tried to explain to the manager that we were trying to be as courteous as possible and just wanted correct information and the manager just stated that she would have to retrain her staff, but kind of gave us like a "what do you expect me to do about it now" attitude. She didn't apologize, didn't offer us anything, didn't negotiate a solution, didn't prompt us to explain or anything

You know what...I'm actually way too mad now to even finish this...just don't go
Great beds,
5 Stars based on VALUE, it's no Bellagio by any means but it's dirt cheap, at least on Orbitz or Expedia it is.  I can't give it 4 stars because it's soooo cheap.  I paid $780 for Roundtrip airfare, Hotel, Car for 7 days!

It's CHEAP, so I don't expect a whole lot, with that being said I had a pretty good stay.

Also, they have a GYM which isn't packed when I went, and it has everything you need.

It's old, that's for sure, but they must have renovated the rooms. I stayed in the 1 South tower, rooms had nice furniture (besides the beds). Nice table for my laptop, decent flat screen tv, ipod speaker dock.  The maid did a very nice job. Staff is polite and smiley. 

Also, internet access is an additional $10 a day, and there's a "resort fee" which is pretty lame, but for $10/day I won't complain too much. Internet speed was decent, enough for my VOIP , Hulu etc..  , Internet is PER DEVICE, so if you have 2 laptops check another hotel because you'll pay $20 a day total (2  laptops) just to get online.

I didn't play any games, I just needed a place to stay while visiting vegas for a week and this was very cheap.

Lots of older folks here, I recommend this place if you're older, less of the club scene than you see in the central strip.

When it comes to having fun, do you really want to pay triple the price for marble floors, a fridge, etc?  Have more fun with the money you save and spend on something that you'll enjoy.
I would give this place a 5 star but since my room was missing it's table and chairs I couldnt. But if you want to go to vegas and stay some place not to expensive with good service flat screens and nice pillow top King matresses this is the place. We spent 3 night here 3/31-4/3/2011 and I enjoyed it. The staff is really great and friendly quick to assist you and make sure your having a great time. Check in is realyl at 4pm but they will allow you a early 12 noon check in but the room is not clean yet so you can only place your bags in the room and then come back. We were excited to see our room was already clean. The south tower is really clean and you can not smell the smell of smoke and that was my biggest concern. I will say that the tub was a little out dated but other then that I was happy with all the service and I will stay here again .
we got this room through priceline's name your price thing, and we did get what we paid for. 

the bath towels were shedding, room smelled old.

i give it 1 star for the nice receptionist that gave us non-smoking room at the 63rd floor, and the pillows were comfortable.
My experiences in Vegas have been on both ends of the spectrum. Great and just god awful. The great was made at the Palazzo, fantastic rooms and atmosphere. Awful being my stay at Circus Circus: old rooms, tons of children running around, smelled like a cancer factory. The Riviera Hotel & Casino land somewhere in the middle, but leaning more to the latter.  

When my friend booked the casino and told me where we were staying I had the immediate notion we where going to be saying somewhere my grandmother stayed when she first visited Las Vegas in 1965 and I was right. The decor was something our the original Ocean's Eleven (it was shot there I think). 

Our room was pretty standard. Nice bed, flat screen TV, SMALL fridge that could hold all of our ridiculously large bottles of liquor, a couch and desk. Needless to say, it wasn't anything to rave about.

The buffet, which I visited only once with my friend was pretty bland, not to mention they had an omelet bar display all over the buffet room but once we got to the bar to get an omelet a kitchen hand told us "No omelets", we asked him why and he replied once more "No omelets". We weren't getting anywhere fast so we just picked through the questionable selection of food. Soggy sausage patties, powdered hard eggs and flimsy, paper thin bacon. The only saving grace was the waffles. 

After immediate regretting that decision we headed to the strip. Note that this hotel is ALL the way north of the strip and walking is a mission to get 
the central strip or the south end.

After returning from a day long strip walk, we return and everyone needed a shower before the night began. We order some extra towels and didn't receive any until an HOUR later. We call the front desk requesting them again and they rudely tell that we called already, they are on their way and hang up. 

That about my experience. My main gripes are just how old the hotel looks and feels. This hotel is like in the old bone yard of Las Vegas that soon to pass away. They just can't compete with the newer hotels like Aria, Palazzo and the forthcoming Echelon.
I like this hotel cause I'm not rich. Well that and the fact, that, I don't care where I sleep as long as it's clean & comfortable. Plus, this place is a stroll to the convention center and that McDonalds across the street is D-best Mcd's i ever been to.
Seems hit and miss. I love this place as it has such great memories attached to it. A great place to wake up hungover. First time I stayed was perfect, even though I did have an unwanted charge to me room, but I did not question the charge as I was too drunk to remember the prior night. The second time the room could of been better, but it was generally good.

The beds are very comfortable. The staff seems very helpful and the price is perfect. My only complaint is the smell of second-hand-smoke throughout the whole hotel.
A little out dated as fas as casinos on the strip go. Several folks in here were silver haired so i am sure they loved it.
Hotel motel holiday inn if ya girl starts acting up bring her friend! Lol.  Its a freemont hotel on the strip...... I enjoyed the bed, other then the luke warm shower thats all i used there. Big flat screen that we never turned on..... Check in was fast on a thursday friday line was going out the door though. Friendly older staff. Wife won around $100 on the slots. Would stay again. Cant beat the price.
Actually had a good time at this hotel.  The bed in the smoking room wasn't very comfortable though and we got booked into that room and we don't smoke.  But they switched us to a non smoking room and it much more comfortable in that room.  The bathroom was also smaller in the non-smoking room and they had one of those radiated widow heaters instead of controlled temperature like in the smoking room, but it worked pretty good.  Suggest getting a room with a view though as all we saw were pipes and the top of a roof.  The food from the sports bar was reasonably priced though and the staff was, for the most part courteous.
You get what you pay for. Please read Stella C.'s review. I was the friend with her.
I am giving the Riviera one star. There are so many reasons. 

The Valet was 5 stars. They always did their hardest work and fastest to ensure we had our car very quickly, even with a line. They were always courteous and always very nice.

One Star - Check in. The line for check in wrapped around the block, and after a five hour car ride, i was not thrilled. We were there late, like 1130, and it took us a half hour. there were only two people who were checking in people. Finally we went to the express check in, and got in our room. 

The Decor - one star. It was old, original paint on the walls, carpet looked sad and disgusting.

Our room - one star. Yes, it looked as though some woman had their period on the chair in our room, and then they tried to clean it up, but the stain was there forever. Can we say, new chair? I guess not. Our AC didn't work very well, the fan was not blowing so it was hot and stuffy, the bed was AWFUL and our TV was smaller than any TV I had seen before. It probably would have cost less than 20 bucks, it didnt even turn off. 

Casino - I did pretty well in the casino, but the cocktail waitresses were rude, old and haggared. She literally yelled at my husband while i was deciding what drink I wanted. Rude beotch.

Blackjack tables - they had girls dancing on poles which was pretty good, but the blackjack tables were being dealt by incompetent people. The girl at our table talked to other people, stared off into the distance, and yelled at every person with a dirty look who left the table. She was unprofessional, and replaced by someone even more unprofessional. This girl started talking to the pit boss in the middle of a hand, about her day off on this coming wednesday. We were like, what is going on.

AVOID THE RIVIERA AT ALL COSTS

FOOD ---- less than one star. 0 stars. AVOID AVOID AVOID!
Ick! Stayed here back in April for a friend's birthday trip to Vegas.  Old, dated, casino is small, and our hotel room had plumbing problems - plumber had to come twice in two days to "fix". Even though we got a free room upgrade, it still wasn't worth it. No thanks, not staying here ever again.
I was pleasantly surprised and actually kind of impressed with the Riviera!  My parents, husband and I went to the Riviera to meet my friend for the Sin City Roller Derby.  So much fun!  We got there about 2 hours before the derby and explored the hotel.  You can tell it's an old hotel but it's been kept up very well.  The pool was packed!  We agreed we're going to come back sometime this summer just to hang out pool side.  There are a couple nice bars throughout the hotel.  Cheap drinks and reasonable priced food.  It's never crossed my mind to stay here but I'd be curious what the rooms look like and what their room rates are.

The roller derby was back in the convention area.  This was my first time going and my friend said it's a seasonal sport.  I'm a huge fan now!  I wasn't sure how the points system works but we're going for their next competition in July!  Really looking forward to going back to the Riviera!  And without a doubt, I know we'll be back to Queen Victoria's Pub!
This Hotel is actually pretty cool...

you just have to know what to expect a lot of the reviews for this hotel are some angry people..ahem.."HELLO LOOK AT THE PRICE YOUR PAYING FOR YOUR STAY HERE!" 

IT'S SUPER CHEAP i like it for what it is if i want a High Roller's typa place then i'll gladly head to the Venetian but if your coming to vegas on a budget the riviera is the PLACE to be Clean rooms nothing fancy just a room with your bed and bathroom, the customer service is great and there's a decent buffet in the place......Def coming back here agian if i come back on a budget ...
Heard the saying, 'Your get what you pay for?'
Well that pretty much sums up the Riviera. 


Rooms:
The rooms are great, they have recently been redone and to be honest were a lot nicer than I expected. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean. 

The actual hotel:
It does look old and it seems like old Vegas, but hey I kind of like that smell. 

Location:
It is pretty far down the strip, if you are there to go to clubs, or like to be in the middle of things. That isn't a huge deal though, because the buses that run up and down the strip are only $7 for 24 hours.
Let me start by saying I'm a Travel Agent and see many hotels on site inspections so i always keep an open mind on what i see but the big thing for me is always CUSTOMER SERVICE!! The room we stayed in was in the Monaco Tower which is newly decorated and very nice. The hotel itself is yes, a little run down but that's to be expected from one of the older hotels in Vegas. 

The issue I am having currently is with the Customer Service at the Riviera Hotel & Casino. My Nephew (15 yrs. old) was staying w/ us in the room and he has Juvenile Diabetes. I specifically remember him bringing his supplies (diabetic needles, insulin, etc.) which by the way he keeps in a shoe box..boys..he he...bringing it to our room and setting it on the table Friday night. Saturday Morning he ate breakfast, took a shot, and we left the room to venture out for the day. Later on when we returned to the room we noticed that when it was time to eat dinner that we could not find the "shoebox" in the room. We looked everywhere!
It was gone so we took the next step to running around town to find a pharmacy that had the supplies we needed. After 2 hrs of running around Vegas we got the insulin and needles to give him a shot after we ate. I kept the receipts and brought it down the next morning when I went to check out. 

I spoke to the manager at check out and felt really bad but said that I would have to file a report at security. I did as requested and they gave me the Risk Manager's (La Cretia Evans) card and said she would call me on Monday. I never heard back from anyone at the Riviera hotel so I called them a few days later in which they had explained to me that after looking into this incident and speaking w/ the maid that they are not held responsible for this matter and there is nothing else they can do. 

Too bad for them as i will NEVER recommend this hotel again!
I dont care what anyone else says.  I love the Riviera!  Free rooms-check!  Low limit tables-check!  $2 automated blackjack game-check!  Fast, friendly drink service-check!  Comfy beds-check!  Right next to The Peppermill-check!

We stayed here once again.  Why pay for a room when you are in Vegas?  A comfy bed is all you need, and the Riviera has super comfortable beds and they always have a free room available for me whenever I want to go.  Even if you had to pay for a room, they are extremely inexpensive.  

The Riviera has a certain charm to it.   Its hard to describe, but once you realize it and take it in, you will appreciate it.  Its one of the last remaining OG casinos in Vegas.  I would much rather stay here on the cheap, then  spend $300 a night at the Aria or one of the newer hotels.

Give the Riviera a chance my friends.  You will grow to love it.
Even though all my work colleagues advised against it, i booked myself and my husband into the Riviera for a night on the Strip. I have to admit i wasn't expecting much as it was the cheapest room rate out of all the casinos for a Friday night.

On entering the casino i was surprised at how nice it smelled, normally the older casinos have that lived in cigarette smoke stench, but everything was clean and well looked after. 

We walked to the check in desk but the queue was impossibly long so thanks to a review on Trip advisor, i knew about the check in machines in the hallways. I can highly recommend them, the process was quick and easy; and saved us about an hour waiting in line (we had tickets to a concert and were running late!)

Our room was in the Monaco tower on the 43rd floor, again the corridor smelt clean and the decor looked quite new. The room itself was very well furnished with two double beds, a decent sized TV and fridge...although there was no mini bar! The room was spotless, and the sheets on the beds were clean and crisp!

The bathroom was a standard hotel setup, with a few toiletries. Nothing exciting but again clean and well maintained.

I seriously would recommend this hotel, it's cheap and old but has been well refurbished. Also the Queen Victoria Pub does a stonking good breakfast and if you are a Las Vegas local they give you 10% off the bill!

The only down side is that it is a LONG walk to the center of the Strip, and not one i would recommend while wearing 3 inch heels! 

Room Tip: Book online as the rooms are cheaper
My and my buddies stayed here only cuz of the cheaper prices compared to the other hotels off the strip, especially cuz it was so last minute. 

the service is mediocre, the pool seems decent. the room is just like any other average room for that price, nothing special.

would have been great to have a fridge in the room, but i had to use the ice bucket and refill it so often.

the casino area is pretty small and there aren't many tables. the only downside is that the wait to check in takes a while.

overall i'd go here again if it was something last minute, i'd prefer something closer to the nicer night clubs though.
I live next door to this piece of history.. so I checked it out.  Whoa.. its way past its prime and isn't like old school cool. Instead u feel like your actually stepping over the demolition cord and dynamite. The banking collapse saved this joint from an actual explosive induced collapse. So they r still running till the financing comes thru. Its sad to see what was a fine establishment so far gone.
It was cheap, but I would have rather stayed at like a Holiday inn or something. The first room we had has throw up on the ground which was still wet. The second room we went to I'm pretty sure had a bed bug in it. It wasn't on the bed but I saw it on a towel on the table but either way I was grossed out after that. I loved their casino because it was low-key, their bar on the casino floor had great service as well as the housekeeper provided wonderful service and was super sweet. The only complaint was with check-in, it took about 45 minutes just to see anyone because the line was so long which was very unpleasant after a 4 hour drive. I probably wouldn't pay to stay here again.
Resort fee is $8 per night.  For those of you who don't know what a resort fee is, it is an extra fee that the hotel adds to your bill that is not optional.  This allows them to advertise a lower price than the actual price.  It is sneaky and sleazy.  They don't even give you free internet access with the resort fee.  Internet is an additional $10 per day.

The room was fine, but the resort fee is enough reason to avoid this place.
Semen stain on couch! 

Hotel was old but adequate. Got to the Riv early and was told (by a rude old sea hag) @ the vacation booth, that no rooms were available and no one could hold our luggage. stood around in front of the ABC store for five minutes, went to check out counter and was told bell hop could hold bags. Lovely clerk by the name of Portia helped us out and was able to upgrade (20 a night) my reservations to the Mediterranean tower near our friends. Room 767 seemed nice and clean until you looked closely. Giant crack on main door, stained wet carpet next to bed, drug residue on broken window ledge. These things didn't really bother me to tell you the truth. What ticked me off was the HUGE semen stain I found the second night underneath the couch seat. Ill upload pic later... So I paid 40 extra dollars to sleep  3 ft away from man juice...  Makes you wonder what I upgraded from... Casino was OK, Old school with attentive coktail geezers.  I won 200 dollars, Kadys was delicious and the pub was fantastic. ABC store near c/o counters were awesome as well. Joe at Riviera rewards desk was also great. Buffet was pretty good( free with rewards sign up) Location stinks but we had a car so it didn't matter. Rivieras facebook mod was also super nice. Id stay here again as long as the rooms were better cleaned. Also, lines @ check in were big at times but moved quickly. Quit bitching about the lines people! Its Vegas!
WORST PLACE EVER

We had to book this place since it was a last minute thingi. 
1) huge never ending lines (approx. 40 mins wait). Only 2 people at the counter who were extremely slow. 

2)horrible rooms. Old stinky. The A/C did not turn on for a while.. and when it did the whole night there was this noise of some sort, sounded like Crickets. bathrooms were run down and toilets stained. 

3)Customer service was the worst i have ever seen in any part of the world. I wanted to reserve late checkout.. called them and was on hold for good 25 mins. After that they hung up without answering!!!!!!!!!!!!!

4)The whole place looked rundown..

5) Parking was a night mare... There was no parking available with tons of cars waiting in the queue.

6)Location is awful. Still not bad location for the price though.

7)In the morning the maid knocked at our door at 10:00am.. to ask us if we are leaving at 12 so she can come clean !!!!!! ... never saw this before...

8) They forgot to reserve our rooms. They misplced the reservation documents and were not ready to look up on computers with my email, credit card, confirmation number. I had to call up the website i booked it thru to clear the mess. It ended up being Riviera's fault and the manager was cold about it.. and said... "IT HAPPENS"...



PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE AVOID THIS DISASTEROUS PLACE... I M SURE U WILL FIND SOMETHING BETTER OTHERPLACES.... worst palce ever
I actually love this place. I have stayed here many times over the years. I will say some of the rooms are very old and in need of some repair. Old caulk in the bathrooms and older TV in the rooms, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV? The check-in is pretty slow and during peak times needs to have a few more people working the desk despite the check-in machines. The end of The Strip that The Riv is on is in need of serious CPR but everything is a short taxi ride away. I have never had bad service at this place. The valet remembered what car I rented 5 years ago. Cocktail service is fast . Nick at the Le Bistro bar makes great drinks and has great stories about Sinatra and because he knows the city like the back of his hand has always makes good recommendations on everything. Speaking of Sinatra...this is one of the few casinos left that Frank and Dino played. I say give it a try. When you are asleep you can't tell the difference between this old time gem and a 250.00 dollar a night cookie cutter casino further down the strip. Have and will continue to recommend this casino.
This is just a bad hotel. No matter how cheap it is, please don't give them your business; they're in bankruptcy for a reason. I booked 2 rooms on hotwire. When I got there, tried to circumvent the 1-hour (!) line by using the kiosk but it would only let me check in to one room, which was a smoking room. After standing in the interminable line, the lady at the desk kindly offered to let me get a non-smoking room for $20/night extra (!). The room is actually decent, but the bureaucracy will just make you want to tear your eyes out, the casino is a dump, and the resort fee doesn't even include wireless (which is an extra $10/24 hours), as is standard in Vegas in general. Pay the extra $20/night to stay at a real hotel.

Also my remote control is broken, but let's face it, I expected that one.
We waited in line for an hour to check in.

TO CHECK IN.

At a hotel.

This is absurd. Patently absurd. We were in a casino. A run-down, past-its-prime casino that gave us a decent deal on Expedia. And they had us wait an hour in line to check in, when we could have been gambling!

The interior of the hotel is okay. It's very old-Vegas. There's some renovation going on, which may be interesting in the future, but we were honestly just so turned off by the place after waiting for an hour that we couldn't appreciate much.

At least they had the courtesy to upgrade us to a "deluxe room" though the deluxe room was suspiciously similar to some motel rooms I've stayed in. It was fine, though. The room wasn't as clean as I would have expected.

Overall, I think we would have been better off paying a little extra. The same night we booked at the Riviera, we could have booked for $20 more at Mandalay Bay. Disappointing. The best part of the Riviera is its close proximity to the Wynn and the other good hotels, which is where we took our gambling and food money.

Oh, and internet is $10. Tacky, tacky, tacky.

In short, we'd stay somewhere else next time. We didn't spend a single extra cent at the Riviera. Well, except for the $7 "resort fee" they make you pay on check-out. Tacky.

It's not surprising that the place went bankrupt.
I am not even sure where to start as I know this review will offend some... For that I apologize in advance. 
I decided to stop for the night while driving through Vegas for a little gaming and fun. I called ahead and booked a "renovated" room which was supposed to have "European comfort mattresses", a flat screen TV, fridge, hair dryer, and so on. 
Upon arriving at the Riviera after walking through filthy brass and glass doors, I waited in line for a good 20 minutes to check in. Every employee, even management were cloaked in dumpy, dirty uniforms. After getting my room key I was shuffled from the front desk through the poorly organized casino floor to find the elevator to my room, it was kind of like a scavenger hunt. Now, the elevators! Filthy, dirty floors, base boards, more brass and broken mirrors full of hand-prints; at this point I was reconsidering my stay. Up to the room which was NOT renovated in the least bit we were greeted by our maid who had JUST started cleaning! The mattress was discussing and was more like a maxi pad then a "European comfort mattress". The carpet was warn and filthy which actually went well with the general motif of the room which was dirty. Flat screen TV??? Nope. Old box TV. No amenities what so ever, not even a cheap $10 hair dryer. 
Now when you go to the Riviera and sign up for their players club card you receive what was near capital punishment... The free buffet. It was as unorganized as the casino itself and the food was so disgusting I didn't stay and eat. Now there were people in there eating who did seem to be enjoying their free buffet but keep in mind they had a couple noticeable teeth missing and babies on their hips; pure white trash tornado bait. Now even these picky consumers were saying "at least it's free" in regards to the buffet. Now stop and think for a second, a pile of dog poop is free but would you eat it? The casino itself is owned by a Chinese man which would explain that a large majority of the dealers didn't speak English well enough to understand. They also never smiled, they acted like they were chained to the tables and hated their jobs. This might also explain the awful Chinese food at the buffet, angry cooks! If the white trash patrons isn't enough to make you stay somewhere else, try the countless thug-like gang banger want to be's with fake diamond earrings and gold chains. 
I spoke to a Manager regarding my room situation and she had no time or sympathy for me being placed in an un-renovated room, the quality of the staff or the filthy conditions. She didn't even offer to comp the $79 room! The only thing she did was charge me the un-renovated room rate which should have been done anyway. 
People go to Vegas to enjoy being pampered and taken care of, excellent customer service and attention to detail... none of which the Riviera possess. Walk into any other casino on the strip and you will see staff that great you with a smile, go out of their way to help you. The entrance to every other casino I've been to are constantly being rubbed with Brasso and the glass is spotless. Ah, if you decide to have a cocktail it is faster to leave the casino and go buy one due to the fact that the waitresses rarely come by and three times when I ordered a Diet Coke, they never even came back! 
If it was possible to give the Riviera no stars, I would. Don't waste your money there... at least go somewhere where they smile when they take your money :)
First thing is first,  get yourself signed up for the Player's Card and you get a free buffet.  FREE BUFFET?? I'm there.

After getting the card, we went to go get our free buffet upstairs on the 2nd floor and wow, so much food! There were tiny buffets of mexican, Chinese, italian and other foods. Ribs, shrimp, chicken, turkey.  You name it you had it.  I"m a vegetarian and I had lots of choices to pick from.  The salad was really really yummy. 

So go get yourself the free buffet because why else would you pay $15 regular price for this buffet.
I haven't been south of TI in the longest time, but I ended up staying at Riviera due to a last minute mix up at the Palazzo *cries*. 

First and foremost, the door of our suite did not lock. HUGE no no. We requested to have it fixed, but by the end of our stay, our room was STILL open for anyone! What the heck!

The valet service and check in was mediocre, but I could tell that they were super backed up. I think they have a staffing issue at Riviera. Maybe it's time to call a hospitality consulting company? Gotta keep up with all the new hotels on the strip!

In general, everything was decently clean, but just for the lock service (or lack there of), I think I'm going to have to give this a one. :(
So this is where the RollerCon convention was this year..so this is where we of course got a room. We have to be part of the action even though we live in Vegas.
Parking was good..much better than the dreaded IP of past RCons.
Check in on the other hand was a nightmare that gets one star..if that!
It was an hour wait in that horrible line. Thankfully there were alot of awesome derby girls to chat up while waiting.
We ended up with a pretty cool suite that had a huge balcony that faced Circus Circus. It had two bathrooms which was another cool feature. The best feature of the room was the bar..perfect for the many drinks that were being served up.
The pool is pretty small but when there are hundreds of derby girls you hardly notice the pool.
And it looks like the Riv is where RCon 2012 is gonna be so we will be here again. 
Cant wait! I love me some RollerCon!!
I stayed at The Rivera because this is where Rollercon was. 

(-) I got here the day before the convention and checked in super early. I think I still waited in line for about a half hour. The line was only about a quarter as long as it was everytime I walked by the lobby anytime after. I did have to wait in line probably a half hour to check out (I stayed later than a lot of other skaters) because the easy check out didn't work for me. Once I got up there, it almost seemed like I didn't have to even check out. 

(+) This was a really great place to host Rollercon. The convention area was able to fit four tracks and tons of vendor booths. This wasn't even the only convention going on during this time. 

(-) For as many people as there were, toward the end of the convention, in the evenings, lines started forming for the elevators, and said line wrapped around the corner. 

(-) The music, played on loop, at the pool sucks. Except for that one Cars song. 

(+/-) The general vibe at The Vic was alright. When not busy, it was kinda cool. The bartender was really cool. I went back again a couple times when it was crowded, and the two different servers that I had were terribly slow and unattentive. And the food wasn't that great. 

(+/-) If you sign up for a players card, you get to eat at the buffet once for free. I'm pretty sure this would cost you like $15 for breakfast/lunch usually, so probably even more for dinner. I went around brunch time. 
On a weird note, it seemed at brunch time, it was mostly American breakfast food (eggs, bacon, french toast, etc) and chinese, etc. Springrolls right next to the French toast. You should have seen my plate. It was weird. 

(+) I got some regular room (non smoking) and it came with a mini fridge. 

(-) The view from my room was the top of a roof, which was UGLY and a bunch of construction. I saw nothing. And the window was only half the size of the curtains. It was tiny (not that it mattered much, since our view sucked.
Absolute worse. I would never stay here again. Went on vacation with a friend here. The service was piss poor, the staff was all over the place and when we first got to our room it still had filth in it. We received no basic amenities and received all around bad service with this place. Never again!
My hubby and I were here for the APA Pool Tournament.  My husband managed to get his toe nail caught on a sharp piece on one of the room chairs and pulled his entire toenail off.  I called housekeeping and the front desk for assistance and talked to a lifeguard as well as a maid in the hallway and no one would help us out with first aid supplies or medical assistance.  The staff was very rude.
This place is still a craphole. Back to Vegas for nationals and they did seem to have a bit more organization, however they were still way under staffed for the amount of people. Skanky Dancers dance on poles right by the poker tables now which was a bit much, the service at the main bar is sooooo slow and unfriendly. The food court still has cheap eats, but seemes to close early most nights. So glad we stayed elsewhere!
People are brutal reviewing this place! I stayed in the Monaco Tower for one night (cancelled flight due to Hurricane Irene and the Trop was booked solid!). The room had a small LCD or HD TV, can't remember what kind. Two Full Size Beds, desk, small windows, good individual air conditioner (not central) and a tall but useless dresser.

The good: 
Stayed in the slightly larger and renovated room in the Monaco Tower.
No bed bugs!
Beds were very comfortable but very hot, they couldn't keep my body heat down like the beds at the Tropicana.
They allowed me to check in at 2:45 pm and not 4 pm (the standard time)
It's one of the last old school casino's and I loved that (built in 1955).
The check in associate was SOOO nice and attentive, I forget the old man's name but he was awesome and so informative.
The hotel room did not smell at all, muy bueno.
Bathroom, all the basins/mirrors were clean
The check out associate give me the manager's direct extension in case I had any issues (I asked what to do if I didn't feel the room was up to par). I did have to use it and he picked up immediately.

The bad: 
Check in time: 40 minutes.
Bathroom: the corner's on the floor were dusty and the floor looked like it needed a good wash. 
The shower looked very old (and I was in a renovated room).
$8 resort fee and I didn't use ANY amenities
$10 internet fee per DEVICE not room - Spoke to the Manager, he said they are working on dropping the contract with LodgeNet to have their own internet which would be included in the resort fee.
The garage elevator was down right scary, I thought my life was in danger, it was dingy, dirty & rickety.
The Monaco Tower elevator was 10 times better, but still leaves a lot to be desired, it was dirty but would be really charming if clean.
SUPER tiny refrigerator, still better than the Trop which had none.
Hilarious: 
--Saw the cleaning lady chillen in a room she was "cleaning" for about an hour, hey, we all need a break every once in a while!
--People watching here is priceless. A guy in front of me in check-in line was chugging down his 40, NO SHAME...my peoples, haha. I decided to join in on the fun and had a bud light lime while waiting! The crowd here is definitely full of character. 
--Saw someone checking in with their OWN microwave!

I'm pretty upset I didn't have time to play at the BlackJack tables, I can't stand the $10+ minimum tables (it's even higher in Charles Town, WV and Atlantic City). If I recall correctly, they had $2 BJ tables and 3:2 odds (which are better supposedly).

If you're into BINGO, this is the place btw. Also the APA Nationals were being held here, pretty cool.

If I were to need a hotel room for a couple nights, I would def consider this place again!
I loved everything about this place. The service was good, the slots were loose, beds were comfy and late checkout at 6pm for minimal $ was sooo helpful, more than they know.  Having to come down to get re-keyed kind of was a bummer, but whatever.. Gotta do what we gotta do. The hotel seemed a little out of the way of things, for the price you pay to stay there, you can afford a taxi.  The little coffee place conveniently placed by the elevators was very very tasty. Will most likely stay again, and will recommend
Sorry to typecast, but unless you're from the Ozarks, you're not going to feel like the Riviera is your kind of place to stay.

I once ordered a RBV while playing some roulette here (the true skill player's game), and it tasted like a glass of old school Ecto Cooler that had gone sour. Knowing that a place like this might substitute another energy drink for Red Bull given budget constraints, I asked the cocktail waitress what exactly she had given me with my vodka.

I don't remember the exact name, but I remember looking this energy drink up on my phone and learning that it had been banned in something like 70% of the states west of the Mississippi back in 2002. 

A lesser man would have probably perished.
I stayed here for RollerCon 2011 and had a decent experience, but a couple big problems. Checkin was an absolute nightmare; it took over an hour for a line that wasn't really that long. Upon arrival, I discovered that I had accidentally booked a smoking room through Orbitz (even though I specified that I wanted a non-smoking room, I somehow chose an "upgraded" room in a tower that ONLY has smoking rooms...wtf). The girl who checked me in said that she could get me a non-smoking room in another tower, but that it would cost extra. I agreed only because I didn't want to spend a week in a room that reeked of cigarettes.

Turns out, my new room came equipped with pillowtop mattresses and a mini fridge. I later wondered if I could have transferred to a room in another tower that didn't have all these bells and whistles and not have had to pay extra. Oh well...

The pool is a LOT smaller than the other Vegas hotels I have been to. The Riv is also not very convenient to other places on the strip. It IS, however, located very close to a Walgreen's where you can stock up on goodies for your mini fridge. The layout of the hotel is awful and it's hard to find anything -- but I suspect most Vegas hotels are arranged like this so that you find yourself getting lost in the massive casino.

At one point, the girl who I was sharing the hotel room with called down to the front desk to ask about using the safe that came in our room. She was on hold for 20 minutes and was transferred twice just to ask this simple question.

The accommodations are fine, but they will upcharge you for everything and the customer service blows. I would recommend finding lodging elsewhere on the strip.
You seriously get what you pay for. With that, we checked into the Riv knowing that it would be old school. We were there as part of a timeshare presentation thing and so we knew not to expect anything but good laughs. Our room was extremely out-dated but very spacious, overlooking the pool. The employees are just as old as the hotel but I have to say they were all super nice. The best part of the trip was that there was Midget Wrestling at the Riv convention center and it was the best entertainment I've seen in awhile. We had a blast! The Riv is what it is but it seriously needs to be the next one to be blown up.
It's okay for a room, but sub-par for Vegas.  I'm only in Vegas when I'm there to play pool, but either way it Vegas people, how often are you really in your room anyway?  The beds are comfortable, the pool (while not huge) Serves the purpose of a pool, and it is tucked away from the typical hustle and bustle of the strip.
stayed here a couple years back for a paintball tournament as the tournament was at the riviera, and they had some good specials on the rooms.  our first room was just the basic room, which was nothing special, didn't smell like smoke which was nice, and beds were decent.  but that night the rest of our team came in and they had a suite which we went and checked out, and loved it so we went down to the front desk and they let us upgrade to the suite for an extra $20ish a night, which to me was a great deal as we had 6 people trying to squeeze into the basic room, so the huge suite made it nice (not to mention my first suite i stayed in at vegas).  room smelled a little like smoke, but that is because some of the people we were staying with requested a smoking room, which i personally never would.  the room was huge, which a seperate bedroom with a king bed, and they also brought us 2 beds up which we requested.  the view we got was kinda crappy, our other teamate had a nice view over the pool which would have been nice, but ours was still a nice room and we had a view of circus circus.  the pool was just an average square pool, nothing special, and the security there were dicks.  they gave us shit for sitting at the pool with our legs in the water at 6pm since the pool closed at 5pm.  i understand no swimming, but we were up to our calves in the water sitting on the edge, and they acted like were were swimming and running around with machine guns or something as they sent 15 security gaurds for the 6 of us at the pool.  casino was decent looking (i was not old enough to gamble at the time, so i can't really comment there).  area was kinda shady at night, but in a group of 6-10, it wasn't too bad.  don't think i would stay there again, unless there was just such an amazing deal
After spending one night at the Imperial Palace (Never Again) and two nights at Hooters, anything looks good. If your traveling for business then this place isn't a bad choice. Nice rooms with decent decor, a hd tv, safe, and iPod dock. Not to mention the beds are very comfortable. Im pretty sure the price here is reasonable, because our company wouldn't have paid for it otherwise.
Gotta say, a little disappointed. 

In the cons column, check in takes forever---hire more staff! Seemed to be a shortage of tables for Fri/Sat nights. On the pros...it has that old vegas feel, but get the customer service fixed or you will be a memory.
Waited nearly 40 min to check into a dumpy 2 twin bed room in the older part of the hotel. Went back to inquirte about a king bed room (after spending another 20 min in line.. and this was at 1 a.m. on a Saturday after driving 8 hours to get there!), and they offered an upgrade for $20 for a king bed in an updated portion of the hotel.

It was great! Super clean, lcd tv, the works... Not such a good view of the strip - mostly a roof with a/c units - but a little sparkle of the Circus Circus across the street.

The casino itself is terribly outdated and is the ugly cousin of a beauty queen, and the food in the restaurants is pretty much only acceptable if you're super drunk @ 3 a.m. Oh, and don't even THINK about stopping at the Salon (across from the wedding chapel). I did, and I ended up looking like a Dolly Pardon hooker in a two-bit wig and $100 poorer.

However, for all if it's less-than-amazing qualities, overall the experience was pretty good. The staff is pretty friendly, and there's a certain charm with the old school style of the place. A good beginning to a Rat Pack style weekened.
This is the worst hotel ever. the only reason why i stayed here was because it was free! i honestly feel like i would of saved way more money if i stayed anywhere else. taxis were so hard to get and since it was far from the actual strip we spent alot! i even had a taxi throw me out because we made fun of drake, and said we were trash for staying there.. :(.. we upgraded for a suite and it seems like they just threw a couple of tables in the room and jacked up the price. true story, when i arrived in my room, the house keeping lady was taking a shit in the bathroom!!! wtf!!
It's not the Bellagio. Heck, it's not even Bally's. You won't find fancy pants roaming the halls but it has one amazingly huge, gorgeous saltwater pool and the rooms are clean and big (though the downside to the size of the rooms is that we had a small bathroom with a standup shower which was fine, but there were no shelves in there and nowhere to put your little shower items). Even though our room faced the floodlights that lit the building, the room remained dark due to the heavy drapes.

Cheap rooms via Kayak dot com ($28/night what!), free parking, decent food options but the place is a maze so don't think you're going to roam free in and out. The WiFi isn't free but there's a McDonald's across the street in case you need it. Heads up - book online book online book online. You will completely avoid the ridiculously long check-in lines by doing it at an electronic kyosk. Tip!
I haven't had a vacation in over 5 years...... came out here for Southwest Challenge ( 9-ball pool tournament)  Didn't have a lot of money to spend and planned on just playing pool. 

Check-in took a lil long but, there were a lot of people in line.  The Casino was nice enough... the pool area was nice.  The rooms were nice with flatscreen tv, fridge ( OK I was glad there was not a mini bar... I mean come on... they figured out ppl wanna put their own stuff in to save money!) 

Room service stops at Midnight.... but, one of the restaurants, Banana leaf is open til 4am.  Chicken fried rice is great but, stay away from General TSo's chicken. (dry) 

The beds were just what I needed after a lot of walking and feeling so tired and sore!  So soft and comfy!  The shower had hot water.... that didn't run out.  Came back one night and the lights wouldn't turn on in the bathroom.  I left... came back and they had already completed the work order and fixed things. 

The only thing upsetting had nothing to do with the hotel... it had to do with the people that put up the pool tables and take them down... they started taking the pool tables away while people were still in playoffs.. it was VERY distracting..... I honestly don't think I'd come back for the 9-ball challenge again... but, I will come back for the 8ball.

I'd have no problem staying here again.
OK back from The Riv again. This is my second review and I still give it the same rating. The check in was a little faster this but still kinda slow. Got a much better rate than their website or one of the "discount" hotel sites. Those sites are, literally, pennies cheaper than the Riv's site. My suggestion is use the Players Club phone # and the rates are usually10-20 bucks cheaper.  Nice to see the place busy . As usual the people that work there were great. Will go back.
Rooms clean. Food in the hotel is lousy. Eat anywhere else. Staff seems to have no idea what they are doing. Took 30 mins of disagreeing for them to find my original paperwork and see I really had paid in full in advance.  Resort fees were ridiculous.  Rooms are cheap so that's why the rating is a two and not a one.
for the price we paid for a suite it was definitely good! our room was very clean and didn't smell like other places i've stayed at. the room was big and spacious, even had friends over to hang with us. the pool is small but nice. and their cabanas are really nicely put together. Staff was super friendly and even though we got pretty loud in the room we had no problems with anybody. i definitely recommend this place to party.
I Have Stayed Here Year After Year. Its Not Fancy, Its Not Pricey , But Its Clean Quiet And The Staff Is Friendly
Just stayed here last weekend. I would have never booked here I prefer to stay up town Planet Hollywood. But we were in town for the World Paintball Championships. When we first booked it was only $60 a night for Friday, Saturday. That is a great price for a weekend rate. 

They would not let us check in early most up town hotels do. We parked in the structure so I can't comment on the valet. The walk from the structure to the hotel is short but there is a smell that will hit you like a ton of bricks a mix of fecal mater and rotting food. I guess that is what I get for not using the valet.

Once inside the signs posted made it easy to find the check in desk. The pool and area surrounding was closed but it was 50 degrees outside. But during the afternoon it would have been nice to sit on the lounge chairs and take in the sun. Great for a hangover. 

We upgraded to a suite for an additional $60 a night not bad would have been better if it was $40. The room had very old decor but was clean. It had a bar which is really nice with a refrigerator a plus. The beds were a bit hard and they promised roll a ways in our room but did not get them until we called twice. The TV's were old but worked and had a clear picture. The jacuzzi tub looked new but the shower looked old and had some mold in the corners YUCK! 

We ate at the Thai restaurant and the food was good and the price was OK. We ate one time at the food court and the food was OK but the people working there were rude especially in the fast food Chinese restaurant. 

The event was great it was close and well run. I only wish that the hotel would have had coupons for seating etc. 

All in all I will only go back to this hotel for the NPPL Championships. I will continue to go to my favorite hotel Planet Hollywood.
Very inconsistent experience.

It took forever to check in -- they were severely understaffed for a Saturday night. On the other hand, the desk clerk was very nice and did a great job handling the guy who tried to cut in line. Also, when we finally did talk to a manager later, he comped us Sunday brunch.

Our room was nice, but the hotel itself was rough around the edges. This was especially accentuated by the large number of empty (and not cleaned out) shops in the retail arcade areas.

The pool was a beautiful Olympic sized lap pool, but they had a floater divider between the shallow and the deep end, making it impossible to swim laps. The pool also didn't open til 9am. I suppose that may be early for the typical Vegas visitor, but there were at least a dozen people out there waiting for it to open.

Of course, when we arrived for Sunday brunch, we were a few minutes early -- they were still serving "breakfast" rather than "brunch". We tried to ask what was on the brunch buffet, and the hostess just said something like, "Well, you know, it's brunch, which is a mixture of breakfast and lunch, so it's got some lunch items on the buffet too." NOT helpful. We eventually talked to the restaurant manager, who was extremely apologetic and helpful, but still... Turns out the food was great and our server was really nice, though. The chef doing the made-to-order omelettes was friendly, had a great sense of humor, and was making fantastic omelettes.

One tip: if you sign up for their Players Club, you get comp tickets to the comedy club. We were able to go to the late show there after going to the early show of LOVE over at The Mirage.

Also, the Indian restaurant in the food court -- fantastic, if a tad over-priced.

All in all, I wouldn't generally recommend it, but if you're travelling last-minute and looking for a deal, it's passable. Just allow time for check-in.
I won a "free" hotel voucher thing (not exactly free since I had to pay tax and fees) and since I was going to Vegas for a concert, I figured it would be the perfect chance to use it.  The only place in Vegas my voucher was valid for was the Riviera and I figured, "how bad can it be?"  Old Vegas has it's charm, it's still on the Strip, so I thought it would be fine.

Esh.  Where do I start?  First off, the elevators in the parking structure are seriously scary.  Everytime we got in them, someone would remark that we were going to die, the cables would creak, and it was just freaky.  It got to the point where we started walking the 6 flights of stairs just to avoid the scary elevators.  We also started parking in the uncovered lot just past the garage, just to avoid the elevators!

Check-in?  Slow like molasses.  

Shops?  Lame.  The only good stores are the ABC stores, which have very reasonable prices.

The room?  It looked like it hadn't been updated since the 80s, except for a flat screen TV and iHome alarm clock.  The clock still had the wrong time and nobody had changed it since daylight savings ended.  The AC in our room rattled all night and we had to slap the panel in the ceiling to get it to stop.  Every hour it would start again.  We really should've asked for our money back at that point.  The walls were thin so we could hear the guy next door yelling at his kids at 7AM.  The curtains didn't close all the way, so we woke up when the sun came up.

The bathroom was okay, but there wasn't even a stopper in the sink.  I was paranoid I would lose an earring down that thing.  The sink pipe ran into the wall and it was just ghetto, like someone just freehand cut a circle in the wall and stuck a pipe through it.  The toilet was like an industrial toilet you see in public restrooms, so I used my foot to flush it every time.

Oh, and the Riviera is still on the Strip, however, it's really far from anywhere you'd want to go, so you can't really walk anywhere.  Thankfully, we had our car, so we just drove everywhere.
God bless the union. All the bartenders here are total jerks, and i would love to use a much more colorful word. This would be 1 star, but mike at le bistro bar was a sweetheart.. god, what i wouldn't give for a union pour card. Seriously, the majority of the bev staff need a major attitude adjustment.
Warning: If you've seen the incredibly cheap rates for "Penthouse" suites at the Riviera... DON'T DO IT!! It's a lie. I booked two 2 Bedroom Penthouse Suites for a birthday party... in addition to 5 other double rooms downstairs. They gave us ONE regular two bedroom suite and one "Mini Suite". Front desk manager could care less and told me I was free to stay somewhere else if I didnt like the rooms. 

Also... I never saw a flatscreen TV in any of our rooms... even though their website boasts about them.

This place is a dump... the casino sucked (6-5 blackjack everywhere, dumpy sports book, cheap machines and ONE bar)... and they repeatedly lied to me when I spoke to reservation people on the phone to verify our suites.

It's also not NEAR anything... except the Circus Circus. If you want to see Vegas, you will be taking lots of cabs.

I finally got a response to one of the angry emails I sent out... the GM offered me a comp'd 'deluxe' room... during the week... for one night. Geee... thanks. And still managed to make the offer WITHOUT apologizing.

I will only ever return to the Riv when they knock it down so I can pee on the rubble.
When we first visited Las Vegas in the early 2000, I thought this place was cool!  There were many old school casinos which I liked- Westward Ho, Stardust and definately Riviera!  I know now that people would rather go to the newer and bigger Casinos, but there is something about this place that gives me great memories.  
It could use alittle more remodeling, but I like the gaming selection, the fact that you cannot get lost in this joint and the atmosphere!
All i have to say is 1 hour check in. WTF!! The rooms where seemingly old & out dated. For a hotel in Vegas I was expecting a slightly more updated room. Our experience was maybe the worst I have had in any hotel. Again, the checkin was ridiculasly long, and I'm not joking when I said 1 hour!! And this was at 12:15am, on a Tuesday! Then we walked all the way to our room which was about a 10 min walk, with 2 kids mind you. Then we get into our room and just get a wiff of stall cigarette air. We specifically asked for a non smoking of course. So we called the front desk from our nasty room and we were on hold for more than 10 min, after being already frustrated and tired we decided to go to the front desk and go straight to the person and made our statement. We finally got our non smoking room, but also got  very uncomfortable beds. I could go on and on, but let's leave it at that. If you don't believe me just try to experince it yourself and you'll see. 

I normally don't write this long of reviews but this 1 just took it! And again, I could go on and on. Bottom line, choose a different hotel if staying in Vegas, The Riviera just didn't cut it.
Horrible - Stay Away  - Don't even consider - take your night stay and money somewhere else!! This hotel needs to be the next to shut down. We stayed for New Years weekend and here is the results - 

Cons:
1. Horrible Customer Service from front desk and Hotel Manager and house keeping. It's a do not care attitude. Perhaps they will be closing soon and know they are short timer. Once you check-in you can not get ahold of them via telephone. We had a employee tell us they need a dedicated person to just answer hotel guests and for them.
2. 35 minute check in time. 
3. Can't use luggage racks to roll to your room.
4. The room had holes next to the toliet, mold on the shower ceiling, cabinet was broken. Took 4 hours to get toliet paper from house keeping after four calls to house keeping. We had a newer remodeled room that looks like that just put a bandaid on it to seem like they redid it completely. Major painting and updating still needs to be done on the rooms. Sheets don't fit the bed size, so you spend the whole nite trying to keep the sheets on.
5. Hotel did not disclose check in charges or preauthorizations at checkin in dollar amounts - so you never know what they charge your credit card and they seem to think its some big mystery and don't know either. 
6. Food court area smells horrible and the food for most part looks that way also. I would never eat there just due to the smell. 
7. Car elevator made you feel like your in the twlight zone and only one was working on checkout. 
8. Casino floor is laid out very odd and we felt it had no clear layout or direction in mind. Floor is uneven at some places.  Buffet did not look good at all. Checkin area was moved without informing us when we booked the room.
9.  We got a laugh looking at all the strange people - kind like "these are the people of Walliemart music video/website". 
10. We went to the V. Williams concert inside a flat convention center. The seats were so horrible to sit in that I still have back pain from them. Not to mention some handicap person in wheelchair higher than the seats  was sitting right in front of us and we could not see the concert very well. Not to mention every minute someone was walking down the aisle way. Then we had gabby people next to us the whole time and getting drinks every 5 minutes. The concert was half full by mid-way and the band mentioned how old the hotel looked to them - which we felt was quite funny. 


Pros:
1. Member Services Management did resolve some issues we had and went above and beyond to help me out.
2. Steak House was pretty good to eat and had a good atmosphere.
4. Mcdonald's is close by.
5. Monorail is in walking distance from the hotel.
6. New Years dinner was amazing - they did a awesome job on that.
Eh, can't complain.

I spent 3 nights here in December. My buddy's mom works for another hotel (which shall remain nameless) but on short notice she was able to get a ridiculously cheap deal at the Riviera. I was expecting a lot worse based on some of the reviews, honestly.

I only ever came in through the lobby and went straight up to my room - we walked through the casino once (and I was inebriated enough to not care that it was deserted on a Friday night). It was old but clean, and my room was reasonably nice. Sure, the bathroom was obviously from maybe the 80s at the oldest, but Christ people, it's a lot of money to renovate a whole hotel when it all still works.This is not the Hilton or Four Seasons. Anyway, it was clean, the beds were comfy, we had a flat-screen TV and iHome dock, there were towels/soap/shampoo. I was pleased with the place.

The only real downside to me was the neighborhood - in Vegas, you don't want to drive between the traffic and impending inebriation, and this was NOT a nice area to walk through. It was about 2 blocks of "Oh my God, we're going to get mugged" before we reached the Wynn and the real strip.

Oh, and the maids neglected to clean my room the second day. Mind you, the two of us who were up to no good kicked them out when they knocked at noon, so maybe we frightened them away. Oh well.
If you plan to stay here, you must know what you are looking for.

If you want a good experience for your stay at the strip, don't stay here.  The hotel is absolutely on the dead side of the strip.  If you want to be close to what's happening, stay at a hotel in the middle of the strip.  If you are looking for cheap accomodations, this is a good choice. But be prepared to walk far or use public transportation to get anywhere interesting.

Stayed here for a convention that its convention center was hosting (no it's not adult con) and it was a smart decision to stay here since besides attending the event, we weren't really up to going around the strip.

Recap:

Rooms - coming in, I set my standards low but I was actually surprised how the rooms in the Monaco tower were updated.  New TV, soft bed, modern bathroom facilities, decor is also up to date.  Also, free wifi in the room.  My problem was regarding the door.  It was hard to close.  You really have to yank very hard for it to close.  And it's not just our door that's that way.  In the wee hours of the night or early morning, you will hear loud bangs from your neighbor because they too have the same door handle.  

Hallway - the hotel needs to invest in new carpets.  it was difficult to drag my suitcases when the carpets are wrinkled, unsmooth, and uneven.  

ABC Stores - This is probably the best part of this hotel.  I got everything I needed during my stay here.

Overall, the place is not the best, but like I said, you really need to know what you want to stay here.  If you don't really care about the rest of the strip and is here for the convention. Stay here.
The staff at the Riviera is VERY rude! A couple of staff members started talking about my family and I in front of our faces just because we had asked, earlier, if there were any rooms available. RIDICULOUS! Not only did they have bad attitudes, but they kept us waiting for about an hour until we got our room. Also, the restaurant inside the hotel has very poor quality food. If I could rate this hotel less than one I would.
I just waited in line for over an hour to check into the hotel. Over an hour!!! Unacceptable!!!!!!!!
This was my first time ever booking a hotel online so I would like to point out some tips for nubcakes like myself: 

1) Even though you're booking a night for the same exact day, online prices will change from week to week. Keep that in mind when looking for a deal. 
2) Booking a hotel from its actual website will only give you access to the highest available price they offer. It's best to scrounge around for some other sites that will allow you to book at other hotels. 
3) Hotels do not reserve your non-smoking or smoking request (either that or Rivieria doesn't do that at all). 
4) There is a hidden facility fee (at least Riviera hid this from me) that they will charge you at the front desk when you check into your room (it costs around $9). 

Now that my online-hotel booking cherry has been popped, let's talk about the Riviera. First off, it's one of the cheapest (if not the cheapest) main hotels on the Las Vegas strip. I paid $128 for a night (not including the hidden facility fee). However, you really get what you pay for. 

The rooms themselves have a relatively effete view of the strip. However, the beds are comfortable enough. The room service is average and I had no idea where to get extra towels. They have a pool but no jacuzzi! 

I had the opportunity to eat at the in-house buffet which gets a two star rating from me. My most memorable moment involved me raising my hand to get the waitress' attention as I was absolutely parched. She looked at me and said, "Don't you do that." My cronies and I were in a curious quandary because we could not figure out how I was being rude. Her rude attitude continued for the entire time we were there. Now every time I raise my hand for anything, my friends will promptly look at me and say, "Don't you do that." 

The food itself is typical of a veritable plethora of buffets: average. If anything, always forage for a section that includes a chef cooking food right in front of you. Fortunately, this buffet had such a chef. This convivial cooker served us some sumptuous omelets. I responded with a dollar tip for his services. However, the only tip I gave that  feckless waitress was a note saying "Get a new job." Zing!
Stayed here with my family last August. We will for sure be back this coming summer!
The RIviera is a true Vegas Classic as Vegas should be.
While it is at the end of the Strip you can still walk the strip after all it is only 4 miles and there is so much to look at along the way.
We arrived early . The only down side to this hotel is that check in is at 4 if they have a room ready you should be able to check in no matter what the time is.
The hotel was Vintage Vegas which is a breath of fresh air considering all the others except a few are way too modern.
The room we had was in the Mediterranean North Tower.It had just been remodeled which was nice . It had Comfy beds nice shower and for those who like them a flat screenTV, which I could care less about your are on Vacation you are not there to watch TV. Everything was extreamly clean that is the one thing I worry about. The size of a room and what is offered in room is of no intrest to me.
The food court was nice they had a nice choice of food. There is a McDonalds across the street and a Dennys about a block down.
The pool was very nice and clean. The Casino is also very nice because it is not crowded. There isa Duce Bus stop right in front of the hotel so you can hop right on.
This is  a Great Hotel to stay in if you want Vintage Vegas and less crowds.
Thanks for a Great Stay Riviera!! Looking foward to stay with you again this year!!
There is a very good reason why The Sands, The Frontier etc. were torn down = Time had passed them by in the fast lane. There is a reason why The Riviera is still standing and that is because it got a reprive from the economic downturn we are currently experiencing, The same economic downturn that forced the halt of construction of the Echelon across the street from The Riviera and the massive Fountainbleu right beside it to the north as well as the closure of The Sahara right up the road. 

Had any of these construction projects gone forward to completion it would have been The DEATH NAIL for this hotel that is living on borrowed time. As it is, the only thing that has people staying there is its "$25 a night rooms" and as you might imagine, this draws in every type of undesirable element that you could ever imagine.

Lets start out driving North on LV Blvd in an attempt to check in to the Riviera. Its 6pm on a weekday and as we slow down in our approach to the Hotel there is a sign indicating "Check in" and a ramp leading down. Here we meet a old bald overweight Security Guard who is walking as if he has a load in his pants and he is none to pleased to see us. This person should be running a Prison instead of a Hotel, only time has passed him by as well and he;s probably lucky to have even this job. He surely informs us that this area is closed and the check in is around the back. (Why have a sign on the Strip indicating that this is the check in then?!) So we wind our way through and around this mammoth underground area and come up a ramp that brings us to a road with another entrance that appears to be the Check in area.

As we attempt to park here we are approached by a large Security Guard on a bike dressed in yellow & black and he too is in no good mood and informs us if we park here we will be towed. I ask him where the check in is and he points towards the road and rides off on his bike that is somehow holding up his massive weight. You would think that a Hotel that is on its last leg would at least try and have some kind of "Customer Service Awareness" or signs indicating where the Check in area is at....you'd think right?

So I get back in the car and we drive towards the area the chap on the bike pointed and we come to a curve with 2 tunnels in front of us both indicating one way traffic and NOT our way! We go forward as this is our only option and drive around a parking garage and finally come out on a road where we finally see buses & cabs and the likes and we move towards this area and get out and ask if this is the check in. Again we are met with more hostility being told by a "Bellman" that we cannot park our car here and that we need to find a parking spot and then check in. He does offer to take our bags though.

Now we are faced with finding parking. Good Luck with THAT!! We drive around the first garage we come to and go all the way to the top finding no available spaces. Now instead of us wasting our time and gas, wouldnt it be appropriate to have a sign indicating that the garage is FULL? I guess that would be to modern of a concept for this 50's era hotel. So we drive off further and further away from the check in area to find parking in a lot with buses, semi-trucks with trailers and we park there. As we get out we are approached by some derelict that has seen better days who asks us for some change. I guess this is Parking Lot Reception?

Finally we get to the Front Desk and there is a winding line of 120 people (I counted them = 120!!) all waiting to check in to the hotel and at the desk there are 2 clerks slowly making there way here and there with papers in thier hands checking people in. I walked to the front of the line and asked a group how long they had been waiting and was told 1 1/2 hour. Are you kidding me? I guess EXPRESS CHECK IN is a concept the management running this place further into the ground has never heard of?

We left and checked in to the Marriot on Convention Center Drive where we did not have a reservation and the entire process of parking, checking in and getting to our room took less than 20 minutes. After reading some of the comments here I'm glad we did. I guess if you like living in the past The Riviera is for you. My advice is to have ALOT of time on your hands, prepare to be treated like a prisoner, have some extra change for the derelicts wandering around and get there soon because THIS PLACE IS ON ITS VERY LAST LEG.....My better advice is DONT......You have been warned.
Hotel - 3 stars
Price - 5 STARS *****  Got $25 on expedia for 2 different  trips
Rooms - 3 stars My room was updated and just like any other standard room.  Nothing fancy, but good.

Although the hotel has 1970s carpet and the casino and lobby are outdated, The service was good, and the price was right.  I LOVED the old style Maquis lights out front.  Nice to see, as the Riv and Circus are the only two left outside Freemont street with the old lights at night.  Hotels have a fast food court which is cheap and convenient, but not open late.  Casino has a nice bar as well as a separate British Pub, Chinese restaurant, Steakhouse, and Buffet. 

All in all, I liked the old style, because my room was clean and new.

Just like the hotel food is eehh, but prices are fair.

Location is OK, about 8-10 minute walk out of the back of the hotel to Las Vegas Hotel where the monorail stops to go to the main part of the strip.  Not a nice walk, through deserted parking lot.  Not recommended, unless you're just a group of guys.  Instead, 8-10 minute walk to the Wynn and fashion show mall which begins the main part of the "newer strip".  If you're young it'll save you lots on cabs.  About 2 minutes past Wynn is Monorail stop at Imperial Palace.  If you're coming home late from the main strip its about $5.00 cab from Las Vegas Hotel Monorail.
Ok. When you go to Las Vegas to get the hell away and have to pay for airfare as well. All I can tell you is it's old, worn, but CLEAN! I did feel as if I was stuck in circa 1978 for a few days but hey! It actually worked for the money. It's not fancy and far away from the new part of the strip so I suggest instead of paying for monorail tickets bring or rent a car!
Out of curiosity I wandered to the back of the casino for the first time yesterday. I looked and felt too clean to be there, particularly early in the day. I felt like I was receiving unwarranted attention until I realized that I was probably the only person in the place that was under 60. The stale, smoky air was stifling and I left satisfied in knowing that I'd not been missing out on anything in my avoidance of the past. 

 I'm a bit nostalgic when it comes to some of the older casinos, but that did not carry over to the Riviera.
I was looking forward to going back to The Riviera.  Years ago, if one wagered twenty bucks, they one an awesome embroidered denim jacket.  It had the desired effect, we pitched a tent there and gambled.

    Not this time.  That promotion is gone, as is "Nickel Town", which used to be attatched.

    I only saw one waitress on the main slot floor, blonde, a little tall, short haircut.  She scowled and attempted to make no eye contact.   Hey lady, I am a good tipper, and you don't even know me yet, what is with the hostility.

    We left.  We didn't give the Riviera a dime.  I worry about this end of the Strip and wish the R the best, but it didn't seem like the same place.
What a dump!!!  Just got back from a 3 day stay at the Riviera for the first time.  The newly "renovated" rooms in the Monaco Tower are pathetic!  The curtains were falling down, the towel rack in the bathroom fell off and the room itself looked like a standard budget motel!  The only good thing was the iPod dock and the falt screen TV.  The maids were knocking on my door, even with my 'do not disturb' sign on the door!  Also, they were very loud in the hallways as they were cleaning speaking in some foreign language.  Stay away.  I've been to Vegas about 40 times and this was the worst place I've ever stayed.  The Sahara was nicer than this DUMP!!
Okay, so I'm a bit spoiled. Normally in Vegas I stay at nice hotels. But, since my convention was at the Riviera I figured I'd just stay there rather than have to cab back and forth from another hotel. My room was in the original tower (built in the 50's) and felt like a Motel 6 with new tile. The rooms have been renovated, but even your grandma looks old after her most recent facelift. 

Although its on the strip, it's pretty out of the way (but within walking distance of Encore or the convention center) and its surrounded by empty ghost properties that fell victim to the recession (Fountain Blue and Echelon).

How strange is this: although the building is only 6 stories, the elevator numbers are listed 31-36. So if you want to go to the ground floor, you have to press 31 (and there's no instructions, I sat in the elevator for 5 minutes until another hotel guest got in and instructed me on the Riviera elevator nuances)

Bottom line: it's a cheap hotel, but I wouldn't call it a bargain.

Pros: relatively cheap, great English pub, decent beds, flat screen tv (but it's small), mini-fridge in room for personal use, lots of history, free in-room wi-fi

Cons: Old and worn down, shower head is about 5 feet off the ground, resort fee ($11/night), $3.50 per night if you want to use the in-room safe, long wait to check in
Are all the wrecking balls and implosion teams booked out or something?  Why is this embarrassment to lodging and gaming not reduced to a pile of rubble with chunks of polyester pants, disco balls and coke vials mixed in. The last time this hotel was relevant sinatras nut hairs were still black.   Ok, gave it 2 stars because the bed was comfy and the petite suite had a 40"
This is by far the most Awful room experience I've ever had. I consider myself a pretty chill person. Waited in line 1.5 hours to check in. The girls next to me got upgraded to better rooms but not me, okay no big deal. They stuck me next to the elevator -- which in normal hotels is no big deal -- but here you can hear EVERY time the elevator goes up and down (not so good on the sleeping situation). Plus $11/night resort fee.

Pay $20 more a night and go somewhere else. Please! I wish I had consulted yelp before purchasing --I viewed only the over inflated expedia reviews -- I was mislead. 

They also wouldn't switch us to a new room (after we asked nicely) -- told us  there were no rooms available. I went on expedia and guess what -- they still had rooms available. It crushes my heart that people would just lie like that. 

Very disappointed. 

Very.
I think others have been unkind to this place.  I really liked it and it was far better than other places for the money we could afford.  Yes, it's pretty far down the strip.  Spend $7 and get a 24 hour bus pass that will take you anywhere you want to go, just about!  Yes, it's one of the oldest casino/hotels on the strip.  It doesn't smell musty like old cigars or drunken lounge singers!  It's nice and comfortable and well appointed and cheaper than even the Tropicana with its new South Beach whitewashed look (this is Vegas, if I wanted whitewashed decor I'd go to South Beach, thank you! Blech).

For what would only have gotten us a small, ordinary room at another casino/hotel, we ended up with a beautiful 2 room suite with 2 king beds (the most comfortable I've ever slept in!), 2 bathrooms, really nice sitting room with a balcony and a mini bar to boot!

I gave this place 4 stars because for me, the traveler on a budget, that's exactly what it is!  We will be back!!
We stayed at the Riviera recently and had a great time. The rooms have been renovated and our friends stayed in the penthouse - the place was pretty big and had a great view of the strip. For 200 a night it seemed like a pretty good deal. It doesn't have the amenities like the bigger, newer, name hotels; but we didn't have to go far for entertainment. Great night club and comedy show.  
As some of the other reviews have noted, our only complaint was the wait at check in/out, a little slow there, and they NEVER answer at the front desk from the room phone.
This place has seen better days. I feel like such a douchebag snob, but MAN, couldn't help but giggle at how rundown the lobby and casino were and couldn't stop thinking about Austin Powers when I first arrived. 

We stayed here because my girlfriend had a free room for some reason or another.  I don't think I would stay here again even if it were free. The room was fine (SO SMALL and no "getting ready" space (we were in the North Mediterranean tower) but it's just kind of a buzzkill. The casino sucks, it's pretty far away from the newer areas of the strip and all the employees we came across were so dense and not as service oriented as I feel they should be. 

The valet guys told the two people standing next to us (and us at one point) they couldn't find our car. The front desk connected a man to my room at 4am (he only gave them my first name, too, which is Brittany -- not the most uncommon of first names) at 4am. Of course I was awake but that just seems a little weird. Also - for the love of all things holy, do not make any "long distance" (outside Vegas area code) calls from this hotel - $20 each!! 

So icky and completely defeats the point, in my mind, of going to Vegas to indulge in luxury.
Meh. I've experienced better.  Yup, that sums it up.   

This hotel isn't on top of all the action of the stip, so the prices tend to be a litte more reasonable.. and i think they are either remodeling or have a newer 'tower' in the mix.... however, I got assigned to maybe one of their orginal rooms?  You know, back in the day when the average human was only like... 4 ft 11 or so?  you would think so when you step into a shower and have to swat down to get your head wet.  It was either a very high faucet or very low shower head.

Confusing to find the right elevator or right section or right room.  ugh.  When I get to my hotel, I want to just dump my stuff and go gamble!!!  you know.. spend more money in your hotel?  Don't have me walking outside in freezing weather past the pool, left or right or left again to find the room.  Ugh.  And then please ride your elevators once in a while... because unless this is to be a horror ride... the noices and clinks and clanks and all don't really make me feel to good. 

Your saving grace was your buffet. OMG. YUM. YUM. and the server was AWESOME ....   the best part of my stay.....   

I just think that with all the competition, a little investment to make the rooms up to standard ( hallways not covered in stands and dark and dreary... fresher rooms)... that it may go a long way. 

I come to Vegas often, but probably won't come back here, unless the prices are really that good... Who knows.......
Checked in 3/4 and left 3/7  Had a suite asked for it to be in the Monaco towers as that where the rest of the gang was. Didn't happen even with advanced notice. ended up staying in the older section.  Everything is older and you can tell it, rugs need a good washing, windows needed to caulked,  They had a huge wind storm and all night long the wind whistled and the curtains blew around.  Pool closed and wi-fi worked when it wanted to, charged $11.00 a night for things I couldn't use.  Buffet needs a lot of work, one of the worst I've been to. Guest services were polite.
Worst experience ever at a hotel. Their manager Ed Castillo was a jerk.  He showed disrespect to me and my friends.  We will never come back here. And I recommend that if you read this, you never stay at the Riviera. Plus, the dealer named Wolfgang was very rude to us as well.
Tried to go to the British restaurant in the hotel.  Pulled into the driveway from the strip to get to the self parking garage.  They must have had a show just get out because the line to get to the self parking merges with the valet exit and it was a cluster-fudge of traffic that took us about 20 minutes to get to the other side where the garage was.  We decided to not go to the Riviera and left when we had a chance to get out of there.  They have the worst entry/exit for cars that I have ever been in.  I will never go to the Riviera again.
Actually attended the Riviera to see Jan Rouven's Illusions at the Starlight Theater and I have to say that this is probably one of the easiest hotel/casinos to navigate on the strip. I wasn't wandering helplessly for hours trying to find parking or the theater. Although it may not have the bells and whistle of it's neighbors it's definitely "user friendly". Jan Rouven's show was phenomenal had front row seats and STILL couldn't figure out the mystery behind the magic. I definitely recommend Illusions as a great all ages family show or even an inexpensive, quality alternative to David Copperfield or Chris Angel.
Horrible experience.  I planned a trip well over 6 months ago for Vegas for my birthday and everything about this trip's reservations was horrible. Booked through Travelocity and the reservations never showed in Riviera's system. I called and sat on hold the week before my trip at least 3 times to no avail.  When we checked in, my reservations were still not in their system.  Even after proof of my reservation, showing my call log, and being sweet at pie to the idiot hotel registration clerk I received no "I'm sorry for the inconvenience" no, "can we upgrade you for your troubles"... Nothing... It wasn't until I complained for at least the third time that I was even upgraded to what they called a suite. And even then it was a "Well we normally don't do this".... RUDE! 

Most horrible hotel experience ever. Luckily we didn't allow it to ruin our trip but I'd never ever suggest it to anyone I know.  Ever.  

Horrible.
This place only gets 2 stars for the price of the rooms that we got on lasvegasdirect.com ($200 for 3 nights) and the surprisingly good Indian fast food joint in their food court- otherwise, it would be a solid 1 star.
When we arrived, the check-in line went around to almost the door and took about 30-45 minutes. They couldn't hire some more people for the sake of providing good customer service? When we finally got to the front, the lady that checked us in had her purse in hand and rushed to get us out so that she could leave. 
Riviera has a "best rate guarantee" that states that if you find a better rate anywhere else online, they'll match it and give you a complimentary room upgrade. When we brought this up, she said that we never mentioned this when we made our reservation (even though we did over and over and over again). Finally, I asked to speak to a manager and had to tell them that a friend of mine checked in earlier that day with the same deal and got her room upgrade. Like a previous reviewer said, these people finally gave in and said, "We don't normally do this, but we'll give it to you." You don't normally do this? Really? Then why is there an entire special section for it on your website? I hate incompentence. 
In her hurry to get off her shift, she failed to give us room keys. When we pointed that out, she rudely said, "No, I gave it to you. You must have put it somewhere." Umm...no we didn't...we've been standing here the whole time and never once reached into our pockets or purse/wallet. In a huff, she gave us "another" set of keys but didn't even bother to activate them. This ended up leaving me sitting on the floor by our hotel room while the hubs went downstairs again to get it activated.
We had a room on the Monaco Tower, and it was alright. I guess it matched the pricetag. I mean, nothing was dirty or disgusting, but you could tell that it was older. If this was their "upgrade" then I'd hate to see the room that we would've gotten. 

Other things that added to the bad stay:
-A friend of mine who failed to mention the best rate guarantee/room upgrade didn't get a comforter because they ran out. They gave her a gross, uncomfy wool blanket instead. At least we got a comforter I suppose... 
-Riviera's website advertises $50 of free slot play if you book with them and join their Players Club. I did this, and was given the run around (literally). I was sent back and forth between the front desk and the players club 3 times to try to get my free slot play. Nothing. I had lost about 45 minutes doing this, so I just gave up out of frustration.
-The in-a-hurry check-in lady never gave us a sheet of coupons that they're supposed to give everyone at check-in. We found out about this much later on. Turns out we could've actually used a few of the coupons for poker tournament buy-ins and food. Gah too late.
-Another friend of mine couldn't find her "do not disturb" sign, and they wouldn't give her another one. End result: being woken up by the cleaning ladies every morning at 10 or 11am...which wouldn't be a huge deal if you didn't go to bed around 7am every night/morning. 

Next time I'm in Vegas, I will never go close to this place- unless maybe if I'm craving Indian food in the middle of the night :P
Sure, you save some money on the hotel room itself, but it comes out to be pretty much the same when you consider the hundreds of dollars in cab and limo fees to get from the Riviera to the center of the strip (where we spent a lot of our time) and back for the days that you're there.
The hotel smelled very nice- less smokey that most.  The gaming tables were a lot of fun.  The rooms were nothing special, but not bad, either.  Biggest problem was valet services.  Took nearly 20 minutes to get a taxi every time.  The front was littered with trash- every time there was a wind gust, we were pelted with dirt!  Check-in was also a lengthy process.
Had a single night stay Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $40 (+$7 resort fee) for a Queen room in the Monaco Tower. You have to walk outside past the pool away from the casino floor to get to the Monaco Tower. My check in took less than 4 minutes (i timed it) but a 45 minute wait in line for my turn.

The room was nicely appointed as if renovated in the past 3 years with minimal signs of wear. Bathroom was a newer update as well.

didn't spend much time in the casino. Plus is their convent store chain had good pricing even on the grab-n-go sandwiches. Strip valet parking fills quickly but found valet back by the convention center on property (and closer to rooms in the back.)

Bigger property, a bit dated look but the room I thought was on par as far as design, age, condition and cleanliness. Would stay again all things considered - not my 1st choice to pamper myself but not the last if I needed just a clean room on the strip.
I don't know where to start other than this place is awful.  I had my room broken into and ALL of my electronics were stolen.  Not even that things were stolen, I felt unsafe being in a hotel where people can easily break into rooms.  Turns out the door wasn't closing properly and they told me it was my fault.  Their service was horrible and hotel manager was incredibly rude.  I asked for a copy of my report that I filed with their security and they refused to give it to me for my police report.  Then I was walking through the casino with 3 females and some crazy homeless bum was stumbling around and screaming at the ladies I was with.  Security again was nowhere to be found, I had to go to their podium and point out that there was a guy following us.  I work in the industry and this place is at the absolute bottom of my list for a safe and clean hotel...the only thing you should be guaranteed in a hotel.  DO NOT GO HERE!
I want to like the Riviera since it's one of the last casinos in this town that are from Vegas' heyday.  It would be nice to roam a casino and get that feeling that you were in the same place that Ann Margaret or Bob Hope spent a glamorous vacation or go see a show and imagine yourself in the same theater where Elvis or Frank preformed.

Instead, I get sad when I come here.

A major facelift is in order.  Some new bars, restaurants, and shows to bring in a different crowd.  A new soundtrack with either current music or oldies- not whatever it is they have playing now.  Maybe some raises so the employees smile once in a while.

Note to tourists: I have not seen the rooms so I cannot help there.  The location is on the very north end of The Strip near the Stratosphere and the now-closed Sahara.  Expect to walk for a good bit or catch a ride to reach the other casinos farther south on The Strip.
Well, I gotta say that this place wasnt bad. Again, i didnt stay here, but had a 3 day conference in the back. The valet guys were very cool and friendly. The place is pretty long, as it doesnt look like that from the strip. 

When I was there, they were remodeling and doing construction, but the place wasnt a rundown.
I read the reviews here and somehow I must have seen something few have. For starters I got a fantastic price on my room on a busy weekend in vegas. Lowest rate on the strip during a convention @ $96 a night. Secondly, yes the casino and hotel are historically old but I think the staff and management did a great job keeping up. This is not a Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand I know.  However, this was a great hotel for the price I paid. I got a nice BIG room for myself with a great price. It was clean, stacked with towels, and quiet since I got a corner room (luckily). Staff here was pleasant at check in and the casino seemed not too shabby. This is definitely a good choice if you're looking for a cheaper option and more bang for your buck!
Ok......when you walk in the lobby you will feel like its the 70's but get past that and into the Monaco Tower and you'll find yourself pleasantly surprised and the joint's cleanliness and recently renovated rooms. I literally felt like we walked into a different hotel since it was a completely different feel from the cheesy disco vibe you got in the lobby. Bang for the buck, I'd definitely stay here again, I'm the type of traveler who just crashes at hotels so I'm more interested on whats going on outside, if you're the same way, you'd book this place too.
Room is nice enough. Bed is very comfortable. Food at the R Buffet and the poolside cafe were barely adequate. Free wi-fi is a nice bonus. Older crowd here mostly. I saw a cocktail waitress in the casino old enough to be my much older sister. An unusual thing considering I am getting close to 50.
As with another reviewer has listed with their stay that was about a month prior to mine I too was robbed while staying at this hotel.  The hotel has also stated that this was my fault stating that the room door didn't close properly.  I also requested a report of their "findings" only to be told they cannot provide me with anything outside of the statement that I made to Risk Management.  I asked for potential hallway cameras and I was told that there were none.  I will also mention that the evening before we were awaken by someone in the room who claimed to be housekeepting at 2:30 in the morning.  We immediately left and found another hotel to finish out our Vegas stay.  Do NOT trust this hotel.  It is not safe and honestly the staff really didn't care.

My husband and I have been to Vegas many many times and have stayed at many hotels between the two of us.  Never before have I ever had anything like this occur.

I did stay in the Monoco Towers of upgraded rooms and they were barely 21st century and from the sounds of the Risk Management group the doors do not work properly.
I just returned from my bachelor party in Vegas and me and 9 other guys chose the Riviera based on it being the cheapest Strip hotel. I will admit I didn't have big expectations because of all the bad reviews but I was completely shocked that the reviews were so low. I arrived Friday around 6 pm and waited to check I'm for no more then 15-20 minutes. There was plenty of staff working and James at the front desk did an excellent job of getting me the room I needed all in the same tower and floor as my friends. In no way is the Riviera comparable to newer Vegas hotels, but if you need a place to lay your head and hold your things it works fine. When we got to our room the ironing board was broke. We called the front desk and a new one was at our door in less then 5 minutes! I talked with some staff at Queen Victories Pub...excellent breakfast and wonderful staff...and they explained to me the Riv filed bankruptcy and was under new management. This may explain my experience compaired with other reviews. If you give the Riviera a try I'm sure your experience will be much closer to mine then those of past reviews.
im a nascar fan and im staying here tonight and i wanted to know if there cable tv provided all channels. the speed channel to be precise. plz let me know
This hotel does not deserve even one star.  It is a total dump.  Bad service, crappy room, everything is outdated.  The only reason I stayed here was because I had a convention to get to and the prices were astronomically high for most hotels at the time.  I would not stay here again, though.  The hotel operates almost as though no one runs it.  It's like it's on autopilot.  You get the sense that none of the workers have anyone they are responsive to at all.
I'm staying here now and am disappointed that we decided to do so.  Ok, so we got the free offer for 3 nights and needed to go to Vegas for a trade show.  We had offers from 2 other hotels, but thought old Vegas would be cool.  After checking in we tried to nap this afternoon to construction noises from the next room.  Unfortunately we tried to call the front desk and no one answered the lines endlessly.  Then, we tried to call the manager's office, no answer there for 15 minutes.  Of course, now we are unhappy.  So, we call Security, three times and they tell us they will check out the loud repair sounding noises, on a Sunday coming from the room next to us.  No call back.  When I called again, the Security employee told me to "get over it"!!!  Well, we marched down to the front desk and eventually had to pack up everything and we have been moved to another room.  

The hotel is old, that's ok, and it is undergoing some renovation, that's good.  But customer service is weak.

Let's give them a chance to get better.  I hope they do.
The Riviera suffers from a serious case of Old. It isn't just that the structure is old, it's that its spirit seems to be merely lingering, waiting to die, as do much of its staff. That's not to say that it's bad. It's just old. It's various lobby and casino displays are themed around really cool events that happened there fifty years ago (when brass and mirrors were "in"), and nothing about what's going on there now. Because there's nothing cool going on there now. "Riviera! Look how hip we used to be!" is a great slogan to sum it up.

My experience at the Riviera started out with extreme annoyance at how long it took to check in. There were maybe twenty people in line, yet it took about 90 minutes to get to the counter. And then I discovered that they had lost my reservation. After waiting another thirty minutes while the clerk was investigating the situation in a back room, she returned to say that they were able to work something out, and offered two free tickets to some crappy comedy show in their theater. Needless to say, I'd never heard of the comic, and just tossed the tickets.

If you're going to Vegas for other reasons, and don't plan on being in your room or the casino much, then you could do worse than the Riviera. If nothing else, it's cheap. We were in town for the NAB Show and just wanted cheap lodging, for which Riv came through.

The Queen Victoria pub is pretty good, and they have a lot of great beers and ales on tap. We had crappy service the first time we ate there, but the servers on the other two occasions made up for it. The fish and chips are excellent.

I also got a kick out of the pool area, because when you step into it from the hotel, you could have just stepped right back into 1960. It kinda made me feel like Frank. I would say that the period decor is spot-on, but it isn't decor; it's original period. If you're shooting a movie and you need a Rat Pack-era pool setting, get your ass to the Riv.

Will I stay there again? Probably not, since I've decided that my life goals need to be moving forward instead of stagnating. Next year I'm aiming for Treasure Island. Not Bellagio, yet. I shouldn't get ahead of myself. But, if someone were to tell me, it's the Riviera or nothing, then sure, I wouldn't mind staying there again. I could use the fish and chips as an excuse.
I decided to give the Riv another chance.. Glad I did. I hear a lot about the guy running it now trying to make it players place vs. an amusement ride stuffed super hotel. I like what they have done. Way better than when I was there about a year ago. Remodel is paying off big time! I like the setups, the Asian restaurant in there is not really very Asian but whatever. The table areas were nice and reworked. It didn't even smell in there! LOL.. I like.. I am hitting it a few times now and see if I have some luck over there! 

Keep up the good work guys!
This hotel sucks, basic room is sooo small, our small suite is backed up to the elevator shafts so there was no getting any sleep!! Pool sucks, slots were so tight i wont go into details!! Id rather stay at a hospital!!!
My friends and I just got back from vacation here.  We went through Casablanca Express and got a good deal . . . Or so we thought.
This place is horrible and I will never stay here again.
There was a cockroach crawling on the wall in our room as soon as we came in.
When we went down stairs for compensation, the manager acted like we were inconveniencing her.  I believe her name was Dorothy.  We made our reservation for an EK bed in a smoking room.
We got 2 full size mattress in a cockroach room.
The manager, after coming back 3 times, finally upgraded us to the Signature suites and refunded our resort fees after giving us hella attitude. NOT ENOUGH!
The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because NICHOL was amazing with helping us out and I LOVED the Batman slot game.  Othwerwise, I give this place 1 star!
DO NOT STAY HERE.  This place is seriously overpriced (rooms, drinks, buffet, etc.), cockroach filled and their customer service is a joke.
My friends and I will never stay here again.
It's not a bad hotel at all, but it is just very old and is shadowed under the much fancier hotels in Vegas.

I've stayed here twice because it was cheap. $49 for a room on a weekend isn't bad at all. 

Room was clean, basic, smelled fine, but I found it a little hard to breathe at night. Mattresses were a little too hard for my liking but what can ya do..

Pool is small but nice enough. I spent a lot of time out there swimming in it and sitting by it. Drinks they serve in the poolside bar are WEAK though. 

Gambling is affordable but this is definitely NOT  a "happening" hotel for people in my age group which is 20s. And I think those of us in our 20s who stay there don't EXPECT it to be either.... come on we know we're just staying here because it's cheap.  Just sleeping here, not hanging out here. My friends and I actually walked to the Wynn hotel which is right next door at one point.

The bartenders in the casino at 3 in the morning were pretty nice, friendly and helpful, though. That was cool.

Self parking garage really sucks though... not enough spaces and the elevators are pretty scary.
Read several of the recent reviews and you'll get the idea. OLD & in need of up grades.. The room was tolerable, though disappointing for the $. I tried hard not to think about the price we'd paid for an old dirty barely updated room. The linens seemed fresh, which was the only positive. 

Lots of families staying here, which for me, helped the atmosphere. The casino layout was crazy & we were constantly lost, unable to find our elevator tower. We ended up spending more time at Circus Circus across the street. The wifi was incredibly s-l-o-w... nearly always gave up on internet & just turned the computer off.

Vegas has some sort of ordinance about hotel swimming pools closing early --- which was crazy to me. We're out all day doing things, in desert heat, and would have loved to come back to the hotel for a nice cool swim..... oh no no no-- the pool closes at 8pm, it's still light outside & very hot - just take a cold shower.

positives: on the north end of the strip, walking distance to other, better hotels
negatives: OLD & dirty, very small pool with blaring music during the day, the hallways to the rooms are VERY dark & poorly lit - maybe it's to hide the dirty carpets

If you're looking for a "retro" experience, this might be just the place for ya, it's hay-day has definitely come & gone

I admit, we were trying to save some money & not spend a fortune on a room, but maybe it's worth spending a little bit more...
Would I recommend this place? probably not. Look for better options.
I had to have the maid come in and change our sheets that had been changed earlier with sheets that were stained with who knows what.  But it was disgusting and I can't imagine the first maid that put the sheets on could have missed it.  

Our neighbors had a nice screaming match that sounded like it could get violent at any moment.  I called security, they never showed.  

The hallways smell of old cat litter box. Nasty! 

The front desk people are rude and don't even let you speak.  They just speak over you and tell you NO.

The whole place is old and needs some serious renovations.  Our room looked like they tried to remodel at some point but it was more of slapping some new stuff over the old stuff.
Stayed here during a conference at the convention center. At first when I decided on the Riviera, I was like meh. Even when I got to the hotel, it was meh. The taxi drop off is in the back and feels like an alley. There's no door men. The lobby is tiny. On Saturday night, the casino was nearly empty. My room smelled like balls. My view was off a roof and construction site.

But ya know what? It turned out to be a great decision. The hotel is walking distance (clearly marked) to the convention center, so you don't have to screw around with the monorail on your way to a conference, which was great because it was NAB and the lines for that thing go for miles in the morning. 

And coming back after a night out to a fairly sleepy hotel without a ton of fanfare was nice. 

Plus, it was super cheap. The only downside is all the stuff I wanted to do was at the opposite end of the strip, but even the occasional taxi fare didn't make my expenses come close to what they would have been. I even got used to the ball smell. I'd stay here again for a conference, for sure.
Looks like a Hospital, food is about the same. Spent 5 grueling night there, Slots are tighter than a un-know-what. Rooms Sucked BAD. Not worth the money by a LONG SHOT maybe $10 a night?!? Even while playing waitresses come around every hour for drinks. The pool??? OMG The tiles were filthy, no shade, and only on waitress for 200 people. One of the worst hotel experiences ever!!!  Ill pitch in to blow it up! Like the other prehistoric hotels!!! If your wondering why I stayed there is because of a convention or I would have left after the first night!!!!
If I could give this place negative stars I would, There are bad hotels and cheap hotels this was both but i guess you get what you ay for. For one thing this place does not I repeat does not clean your room everyday. I went with some friends for my bacheloette party and we had 4 rooms in differnet floors and towers. None of them were cleaned. We even asked one of the housekeepers who was 3 doors away to make sure to clean our room. We came back a few hours later and our rooms were still not cleaned. Every worker there was unhappy and looked like they were out of it. Service was very slow no matter where you went. And parking sucked . valet gets packed and self parking was full!!

Please avoid this place if you go or at least pick somewhere that is closer to the strip. I wshould have stayed at circus circus or excalibur. I probably would have had a better experience.

oh and i forgot. They charged me a $22 fee if which i left numerous messages and e-mails as to what this charge was for and no one has gotten back to me. So if you do stay, carefully check your bill at check out. They will try and steal every dime from you they can.
First of all let me give you some background. I have been coming to this Hotel "Motel" every few years since the mid 80's. The only reason i ever started coming here is that my uncle used to play in pool tournaments at this "Motel". Back then it was really a matter of the cheapest room rates we could find and the fact that the pool tournament was held in the Riviera convention center. Even back then this place seemed old and out of date. 

In recent years we have stayed at other Hotels at the other end of the strip so i had not seen the Riv in several years. Needless to say NOTHING has changed for the better. 

1) They have moved the front desk area to a different location that i think is 50% the size of the old location. The lines to check in/out are constantly backed up. When we checked in Sat night at 11pm there was still a line of at least 12 people and only 3 employees working. It seemed as though each of them was on their first days work as it took them forever to check people in.

2) Resort Fee: They now charge a "Resort" Fee of $11/day. Our total was $99 for the week. Nowhere in our package deal were we told of this additional fee. So we pay the "Resort" Fee and later ask several different employees where the "Resort" is because from the looks of things this is NOT a "Resort". The employees look at us strange and say Oh! that's for the pool and free wi-fi. OK, there is a pool here but from asking the people who dared enter it, the water was cold. Do they even heat the pool at all? Granted it was 110 this week but straight outta the tap cold water is a bit chilly. Don't forget the pool closes at 8pm.

3) Free Wi-Fi: So supposedly part of your "Resort" Fee is the Free Wi-Fi. Sounds good, right? NOT! The Wi-Fi is terribly slow and looses connection frequently. I noticed this the first night while trying to remote in to my home computer. I called the front desk and asked where the best spot was for the Wi-Fi connection. I expected them to say the lobby or the cafe or something on the main floor but instead the woman told me that "umm well there is no Wi-Fi anywhere but the rooms". She also said sometimes you can get a connection out at the pool. As i am writing this, my brother was typing up a long reply to a Craigslist Ad and he went to send it and the connection was lost and so was the whole long reply he was typing up.

4) Smelly hallways: As we reached our floor, the first night, we exited the elevator and there was a strong smell of Marijuana in the air. We don't smoke it but do know what it smells like. As we traveled down the hallway we saw a police officer and the maids standing in the hallway with a rooms door open. They must have thrown someone out and were cleaning the room at midnight. They were vacuuming at midnight, we could not believe it.

5) Smelly Entrance: Several times we noticed a horrible odor when leaving the lobby doors to go out to the parking structure. It smelled like a grease trap overflow. For those who have never worked in the restaurant business. The grease trap is where all the solids and grease collects after it goes down the drain. There is bacteria that eats this rotting food but when it can't keep up the trap overflows and you get to smell all the rotting food that has been sitting there churning. That is what it smelled like several times as we walked out of the main doors. 

6) No clean sheets: We have been here for almost a week now and the maids have been in 4 times and made the beds but didn't change the sheets. The first couple times i thought they had but then i noticed the same black mark on my white sheets. It was there every day. They would come in and leave new towels and make the beds but not use clean sheets. Honestly i don't care because i would rather maids not come in my room at all while I'm staying somewhere but for some reason our "Do Not Disturb" signs would vanish and we would have "made beds" when we returned. Makes me wonder if it is just the maids themselves taking the signs off to gain access to my room or other peoples rooms. 

7) Food amenities: Years ago when i would come here you could either hit up the food court or the regular restaurant until later in the night. Now both of them seem to close very early. I was told by one employee that the restaurant closes at 7pm. Well that is after telling me 6pm then 6:30pm, he finally settled on 7pm. It's bad when the guy inside the restaurant could not even tell us what time the place closed. So we went to the New Asian restaurant and had 2 entrees and 2 sodas and our total was $40. Now when i say entree i mean rice with a chicken dish and rice with a beef dish. Anywhere else i would pay less that $10 each. The other option was a British type bar that sold a few food items that we thought were overpriced bar food. Oh, wait! They do have a $20+ dollar a plate steak house that we never saw anyone enter. They did have a nice dressed Host and Hostess though. 

Looks like I'm out of characters...
Not bad for the price. Last time I stayed here I got rooms for $49 a night.. and considering that a lot of the people I know are cheap, it worked out perfectly, lol.

The room we were in had a pool view and was nice looking, clean, and quite spacious.  The hotel's pool was nice but not that big and seemed to get a little crowded.

The hotel and casino are real old school... kind of an older crowd... but I did like it. Of course it's just a place to sleep and occasionally gamble or have a drink.. and a starting point for the rest of your night wandering the strip in Vegas ;)
Pros: comfortable bed, affordable price, location, free wi-fi

Cons: smelly room, noise - I had a room with a pool view. Every morning at 9 am I would be awakened to the music that they would start playing outside in the pool area.

Check-in took between 30-40 min. 

Would I stay again? Maybe. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
The Riviera is a decent hotel. We have only stayed in the Monaco tower and will not ever stay at the other tower since we have seen our friends room and how nasty it was compared to ours. The Monaco tower was recently renovated and has a very clean look to it. While, the other towers don't.
Well, Groupon brought me to this place and after checking the place on Yelp I did not expect much first of all but ohhhh my...
Ok, so the room in general is not that bad for the money. You get your standard beds, TV, mini fridge ( no content; no this is not a mini bar) and can't complain. The bath room is plain to say the least but oh well you save money.
BUT, the negatives are plenty. First of all, the check in was ridiculous. There were sixty people ahead of me and the service was very slow. Second, a huge cock roach popped up in the bathroom while I was washing my face and I mean HUGE. 
Third, the casino area is shameful, lol, I give it back, it's hilarious. It's so so bad and only fills up at two a.m. with some rough looking morning to evening drinkers. The bartender was really rude when I showed him my drink coupon. Also, the drinks were horrible.
Now the worst part: the elevator to the parking structure. OMG, I got stuck in it and had to press the emergency button. Never happened to me before. Awkwardly, someone had opened the emergency box door before!!!
Overall, yes this place is ghetto. really. But if you are trying to save money and to spend it on the strip, close your eyes, walk past the hallway and the casino and enjoy a mediocre room and a beautiful Las Vegas.
This place isn't really a good deal.  I found this place off hotel.com and the price seem good.  I booked by calling the hotel by phone. BUT, after showing you their price the hotel also has fees and taxes that add to an extra hundred dollars. $11.00  a night for resort fee.  Really?? 
When we got there, we waited in line for an hour. The line was long and they only had 2 check-in servers. The kiosk was out of order. 
They say it's free valet, but they only tend to people who are checking in day of. So we couldn't use it after our first night, we actually didn't get to use it at all.
Room service came around 8:30-9am everyday. If your still sleeping, they will leave and not comeback to clean unless you ask. 
The pool is small and always packed. 
This place has plenty of rooms which brings in so much costumers.  So everything that the hotel accommodates is just too crowded. (parking, pool, casino, etc...)
We went to a comedy show there, and the comedian was saying she wouldn't be surprised of there was a bulldozer outside waiting to take the hotel down after the show. (True!) Lol!!
Pro: the servers are really nice.  Every time we asked for something they help out.  
It was a bad experience.
I stayed here several nights for a convention.  We got special group rates that I thought were very affordable for Las Vegas.  Yes, The Riviera is a little run down.  Yes, it's 67 years old.  Yes, the hotel has filed for bankruptcy three times in the past 30 years.  But for the fifty bucks a night (seventy on the weekend) I paid, it was great.  My room was clean and comfortable, and comparable to any of the chain motels that charge twice as much.  It had a king bed, a fridge, a clean iron and ironing board, and a nice bathroom.  My room was reasonably well soundproofed, and the individual air conditioning unit drowned out any noise that got through.  The WiFi service was fast and stayed up the whole week.  I slept really well.  On the downside, all the places to eat were on the far side of the resort from my room, the kleenex mysteriously disappeared out of the bathroom on the second day and ever returned, the layout of the resort is just wacky, and the line to check in was always long.  But if I need to visit in this area in the future and got the same group rate, I'd stay here again.
The only reason we stayed here was because it was cheap and my husband had fond memories of when DefCon was held here. However. They failed miserably with everything. There was no shampoo/body was or whatever small bath bottles they leave you when we first checked in. Front desk never answered a single call (we had to walk to the lobby). And, although not really related, all their restaurants were low quality for the price. Won't be staying here again.
Stayed in here for 3Days Electric Daisy Carnival.

I would say it's best bang for the buck for that time, since other hotels either charged a fortune or fully booked.

Would I stay again in this hotel? Probably not, I rather try something new.
Was challenged to post an accurate review here.  It would be easy to slam the Riviera. Opted to average it out to 3 stars.  Check out the summary...

Overall:
Pros - Much nicer than I expected from all the grim reviews.
Cons - But, it's still an antiquated down-market hotel that needs help, but not as bad a Circus Circus, which smells really bad.

Room:
Pros - New room that was well-appointed with no smells.
Cons - Lousy TV channel selection, especially no Food Network or Travel Channel.  And, it was pretty noisy at night either listening to the screaming AC unit or loud music.  Plan on using earplugs.

WiFi:
Pros - free!
Cons - spotty connectivity

Parking:
Pros - free
Cons - hard to find any open slots after 10pm  ;-(

Service:
Pros - Helpful and pleasant staff
Cons - Poor follow-up, especially with housekeeping service 

Food:
Pros - large portions
Cons - restaurants in hotel were not so great.  In the Food Court, La Salsa and Indian Masala were pretty good.  But, it's pretty cheesy 80's mall-like ambiance.

Pub:
Pros - nice setting and respectable English beers
Cons - bartenders were totally disorganized and it took a long time to get a drink and/or bill (we visited 4x on this trip and kept hoping they'd get it together... nope!)

Value:
We stayed here because our conference was booked here.  For the $55 group rate /night  it was OK.  But, after a couple of days, we longed to get out and visit other hotels.   (FYI - the Encore is only a 10 minute walk away!)

Probably would not stay here again.
My girlfriend and I had a great time there. This place is really old school but I like that old school look.  

We enjoyed our time in the pool and had the pleasure to have meet a grandfather who was taking care of his triplets, while the wife and daughter were gambling.

The only thing we did not like was the fact that the refrigerator was not working and the elevator seem that it was going to break down.

The people that work there in all departments were very friendy  

We will come back again!
I was pretty unhappy with this place. I had reservations for nearly 8 months for a convention I attended. About 2 weeks before the conference, I called to confirm my reservation. The person I spoke to said that my "luxury room" would be in the newly remodeled wing of the hotel (The Monaco Tower). When I checked in, the room was NOT in that wing and smelled like cigarette smoke. I asked for another room, which, after I bought groceries for my 5 day stay, did not have a refrigerator, as described in my written confirmation. After this ridiculousness and after speaking to a manager AND another staff member, a day later, I finally had a refrigerator. -Customer service is not the forte' here. The rooms are shabby, dusty, and run-down if you are not in the Monaco Tower. Find elsewhere to take your business. -Note, most of the photos here are the nice rooms in the Monaco tower...all the photos with mold, stains, etcetera, are the rest of the hotel.
My company unfortunately booked us rooms here earlier this year since it's close to the convention center and ultra cheap (our rooms were 20 bucks a night plus the $11/day "resort fee", though this is no resort)

The Riv is one of the oldest surviving casinos in Vegas, built in the 50's, and it shows. It's dirty, dingy, dark, and depressing. One of my co-workers was lucky enough to be upgraded to one of the "new" rooms after he complained about the bellman leaving his luggage in their "holding area", an oil-covered parking space in the deck. The newer renovated rooms are decent but they don't make up for the rest of the place. 

My room was one of the old style, with a really tiny bathroom (more like a closet), worn out carpet, ancient furniture, pathetically thin threadbare sheets, and filthy curtains with holes in them. 

Those damn curtains didn't block out any of the bright lights flooding in from Circus Circus at night, so I ended up using all the pillows, the chair, the table, and anything I could get my hands on to squash them as tightly together as possible to even be able to sleep. I'm sure housekeeping thought I was crazy, but at least they left it alone for the duration of my stay. 

Wifi is included in the resort fee, but is spotty and slow at best. And why is the safe under the nightstand, where you have to get down on the dirty carpet to use it?? At least the bed was semi-comfortable

Unless you're forced to stay here, spend the extra few dollars to go somewhere else... this place is overdue for the wrecking ball
The Riviera is homage to a bygone era, an era of low ceilings, gruff men running from the law, and cigarette smoke. The tables have the best odds and some of the lowest limits on the strip, which makes it the ideal place for a gambling fool such as myself.

Since people seem to hate the Riviera, it is no sweat for me to play head-to-head blackjack with the dealer on a 3:2 single deck table. This is awesome.

Don't let the lack of glam and the sharps disposal container in the bathroom scare you. This is the place to throw your money down on a table if you want some tiny hope of actually winning it back.
I stayed here with a few friends in the summer of 2010. Their power went out for hours on end and we weren't compensated in any way. Shit, an apology of some sort would have sufficed... Once it came back on, I tried taking a shower. The drain was clogged so I had to wade through my own chum. My friend later found the culprit... a condom was stuck in the drain. Tight. They still got those bronze statues of butts out front. Some more polished than others from people feeling up on them.
This place lacks modern amenities most take for granted. That said, it is still a part of the old las Vegas that is near extinction. One can easily bypass the ridiculous check in line with the express machine if you use a credit card. This "resort" is also featured in many movies including casino,21
My husband and I usually go to Vegas during our birthdays in early August so I was happy to get a free room offer from the Riviera after joining their players club. I was mindful that Riviera wouldn't be particulary nice, but hey, free is free.

 The room iteself is ok. It's a decent size, and the furniture, though out of date, isn't any worse than the one at the old tower at Caesar's. I liked the bed, but I missed having a nice, snuggly comforter. Bath tolietries were better than expected. We were right next to the pool, and it's a good thing we didn't plan on sleeping in because the shitty pop music starts blasting in around 8am.

It was easy to get around the hotel and casino area. Gambling here was fine, but we seemed to have better luck across the street at Circus Circus. There was a cool gambling promo advertised in the room (1st $1000 on us!), but it had since expired. I was disappointed that the bingo room closed as well.

The two big negatives was the buffett and parking. Both were sketchy as hell. I had oatmeal so bad that Oliver Twist would have turned his nose up at it. I think they used triple the amount of water that they were supposed to, and the water was obtained from a mop bucket. Parking was very inconvient and poorly marked. 

I'm hesitant to stay here again even if the room is comped.
There was a heavy down poor yesterday, It started to leak all over the convention floor,  Many matches at the APA had to be refunded.
I get it that a lot of tourists probably see that this is "on the strip" on Expedia and think that they're going to be able to watch the Bellagio fountains from their room.  The Riviera may be on Las Vegas Blvd., but it certainly doesn't feel like the Strip--and that's what I like about it.  That, and a few other things:

- $1 Miller High Lifes, $2 Heinekens, $2 Bud Lights at all casino bars.  
- Great free lounge acts in the main bar--Metal Elvis is worth a special trip.  
- Quick-service Indian place in the food court
- The Pinball Hall of Fame has loaned a few machines out to the Riv, which can be played on your way to aforementioned Indian food

They've also hooked me up with locals free slot play, free buffet, free comedy show tickets, etc., just for signing up for their player's card and playing my measly $10-20 bucks on video poker (I usually win there, too).

We've grabbed a room there a couple of times, too, after getting too drunk to drive home.  Maybe it's because we're local, or maybe it's because we ask nicely, but each time, we've been upgraded to a remodeled room in the tower by the pool.

There was an article in the Review-Journal that said that the new owners of The Riviera are taking queues from the Plaza downtown in its comeback, and that's a very, very good thing.
Worst hotel experience ever! Just got back from 8 days at the Riviera and it was horrible. Went to Vegas for the APA tournament which was held in their convention hall. 7 of us checked into 2 seperate rooms to be told they only had single king bed rooms. They would be bringing us a rollaway. Waited hours for this and asked multiple times to finally be told at 12am that they were out and they would bring us blankets to sleep on the floor. They promised the next day we would be moved to the 2 queen rooms. Next day told again no rooms available, no rollaway, sleep on the floor. Third night finally moved, crawl into bed after a long day and a bloody tissue falls out. Spots of blood on my sheets and blanket. Call the front desk with no answer, but when i get dressed and go downstairs she is standing there do king nothing. Insist on having bed changed after her saying no one is available. Next morning after talking to manager on 3 rd occasion we are comped 1 night. I hope the Apa organization realizes that this is not the right place for their Nationals.
This show is all kinds of awesome. I was watching Jasmine Trias videos on Youtube, and I thought, "Ok, this is going to be a boring show."  Boy was I wrong! Sure, former American Idols star Jasmine Trias is featured in this show, but the Society of Seven's  Hawaii based group puts on a fantastic show! This show just opened a few weeks ago, and I'm  honestly quite surprised that the Riviera would step up their game and present a show of this caliber. The venue is actually quite nice because it's a rather intimate venue with plenty of great seats. 

Each of the performers is genuinely talented in their own right. Jasmine was quite distracting with her excessive hand movements (her voice is so pure, she really didn't need to do all of the gesturing), but I suppose it's from her background in hula dancing. The newest member's voice is strikingly similar to Josh Grobin. His voice is technically spot on, and he's obviously an accomplished vocalist. 


Surprisingly funny, entertaining, and moving, I would recommend this show to adults and children alike.
My family & I stayed at this hotel for Super Bowl weekend. We wouldn't normally have stayed at this hotel since its rather old & at the sketchy end of the strip but seeing as it was super bowl weekend it was the only reasonably priced hotel. However, after staying there we actually came to find its not that bad. The casino is big with a good variety of machines/tables. The rooms are clean and the beds were comfy. Plus the people working there are extremely nice, accommodating and helpful. Maybe it's because they need the business but they were still nice. The only things I didnt like were it's location on the strip & the parking structure. The parking is on the other side of the entrance so you have to walk ALLLL the way around.
After doing my research I found that this hotel only had 2 1/2 stars. That was a red flag for me but since my family had already booked a room I wanted to be with them.
So, I took a chance and booked mine through the Rivieras web site. Come out to be right around 400.00 for 4 nights ( 2 of which were weekdays).
I can tell you this place was a seedy, ghetto, trashy, dirty, smelly, place. The staff was very rude and unfriendly. When we tried to call the front desk, they would not answer which really put us in a predicament.  The front desk was at least 1/4 mile from the room and the car was twice as far (no kidding!) The walls are paper thin, the carpet is absolutely gross. Water stains and others on walls and ceilings, the beds were (2) doubles which is not much bigger than a single, they were so uncomfortable I felt like I was sleeping at a lumpy angle, my head tilted down towards the head board. I woke up several times to a neck and back ache, the noise, the bright lights from the outside felt like the sun was always out. The casino was just as raunchy. My sister bought a draft beer which cost $7.75.
The bathrooms had no vent at all, it was nasty as everything else. We were too far for the free wi fi it never worked the entire time. I can not think of one positive thing to say about this place.  The tv partially worked but not great.
No freebies, no continental breakfast, the coffee was 2.80 per small cup. etc, etc.
I have never stayed in a place where I felt so insecure about my property and safety.
I will not go into the noisy neighbors that threatened me at 4 am when I asked them to keep it down.
It is inexpensive, and is an average hotel casino.  It is located mid strip. Rooms are average, but there are some really nice rooms down in a speacial area where there are like two floors. It has some multi room suites with hot tubs...it is ok....cannot complain it is cheap and fun!
Refused to honor my groupon even though i had already booked online!! Dont go here.They are unhonest people.The Person on phone laura didnt even try to help me!
Me and my friend stayed her for NYE 2010...let's just say I checked my self for mysterious bites as I returned home. There was nothing special about the room. The interior of hotel, hallways, casinos, and room felt old. The only thing they had improved, in my opinion, was a coat of paint. Which was applied over 35 year old paint.

I would never stay here again and it closely compared to my stay at the Travel Lodge, which was expected because it was a Travel Lodge and I paid for that level of comfort, or lack there of.
Ah where to begin? Well first off they said they remolded their rooms and this was a flat out lie. We had to switch rooms two different times! The first room that was so called remolded had a hole in the wall in the bathroom and broken furniture in the bathroom. Also, the room was really cramped and small. So we asked for another room and decided to go with the rooms that were not remolded since they were bigger.  

We get to our new room and as soon as we step in it smells like cat piss! We switch rooms again. This new room had a horrible air conditioner, there was trash left all over the room and it just looked dirty.  The elevators scared me because they wouldn't work right and we got stuck a few times.  Also, some of the cleaning staff were very rude and just looked miserable.

Another downside to this hotel is, it is not close to the strip and is a really far walk. The neighborhood around the hotel does not seem the greatest and the layout is just plain stupid. Do not stay here! It is not worth the money, even if it is cheaper than some of the other hotels!
ooooooooooooooooo what a dump :) but when you are going to watch Xtreme Midget Wrestling what else was I expecting.
Riviera is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in my life. I've traveled around US and Europe and stayed at hotels of different range, but this one stands out the most, sadly for it, in a bad way. 

I got a deal on Groupon, and we paid $54 per studio room/day which wasn't a quite usual studio. It was just a room with an empty fridge, non functional TV and toilet, bed bugs, loud conditioner, dirty linens, the most horrible service and most importantly ROBBERY. And i was charged $34 upon my check out (taxes+resort fee per 2 days).

So we checked in at 5 pm and went down to the strip by Monorail, which was quite expensive and within 15 min walk from the hotel.

We got back to the hotel around midnight and found my husband's backpack and my purse stolen from the room. First I couldn't believe it, the reality was too hard to believe. Besides my husband's birthday just started minutes ago after we found his stuff stolen along with his passport. We called the security right away. It took them a while before they finally came to the room and gave us the report sheets. They seemed pretty helpful although they said they are just the third party and hotel risk management will contact us in 5-7 business days from the day of our report. It's been over a month and no one has contacted us, so I decided to do it myself. The risk management "doesn't discuss camera information" and all they said no one has entered our room, according to entry key system. I've got no words to express my disappointment.
Do yourself a huge favor and NEVER EVER STAY at this hotel !!!
This is fun casino; its kind of old and run down a little but they have a lot of fun events here and it always draws a crowd. 

The Roller Derby Events are here; Andrew Dice Clay is here as well as their comedy club (I've been to it a half dozen times or so and have seen some good acts at the club) I can't speak to the rooms but the staff I've encountered are always very accommodating; their Valet service is convenient and very fast.  

Their food court deserves a solid B rating the food selection is top notch (but could be cleaner as many people trash their tables and walk away) I've eaten at three of the different stores here and was pleased with the quality and price. 

They have a mini Pinball exhibit on loan from the Pinball Hall of Fame that is good for kids and fun for the adults who are tired of playing the slots. My High scores stay on the machines and that makes me very happy. 

Looking forward to my next trip here as we always have a blast!
If I could give it a zero, I would. The service was horrible. Upon check in I asked about the upgrade I put in for on the website. I was told by the clerk "That's between you and the website" (It was the hotel's website! I asked to talk to a manager and she said we can choose to honor or not to honor and we choose not to honor the price. They proceeded to tell me it would cost triple per night to upgrade. 1)The clerk didn't even know the hotel's offerings and policies and 2)the staff just had this sour puss face and attitude. 

Room-better than a motel six but not much more. Some mold and dust. 

I will never stay here again.
We stayed here last summer after booking through Hotwire for $30 a night. At that price we were happy with whatever we got considering it was a weekend trip. The Riviera is definitely a no-frills casino hotel. The rooms were meh- dated and dark but I did like the big silly golden bathtub. The area around it is REALLY sketchy and I got like eye-raped by bums every time I walked out of the casino alone. The food at all the restaurants is bad and walking around that part of the strip at night is so scary that you need to make sure you keep snacks in your room or that you get full elsewhere before you turn in for the night- no waking up for mid-night or 4am snacks!

It's a 'meh' kinda place all the way around but if you can get a room as cheap as we did you should definitely go for it.
I've stayed here twice.  I got great deals both times.  Once was for a convention held here, which is why I picked it (along with the price). The other was for a ski trip.  (yes Vegas has small ski resorts 1to2 hours away.). The casino itself sucks and is small.  The only good place to eat is at Queen Victoria Pub.  The other places are bad.  It Is 3to5 minute walk to the Encore / Wynn which is where I ate and hung out at night when I stayed here. Don't take your wife or girlfriend here, but not a bad place to stay if you are on a budget.
This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. 

I bought a Groupon for $78 and thought I was getting a fabulous deal! The photo looked like maybe they cleaned the place up a bit and the extras were cool ($20 slot play, 2 free welcome drinks, 2 tickets to the comedy show) so I bought it. 

I got into town on Sunday at 4pm and was originally given a room at the North Tower. Ummm...Wet spot on the carpet (I didn't know if it was a blood stain, piss or just a spill or maybe a pitcher of beer), pubic hair plastered on the back of the bathroom door and the stench. WOW! For it not being a non-smokers room, it sure the hell smelled like a dingy old bar!! When I attempted to take a shower, the shower water didn't go down. Basically I was up to my ankles in Vegas sweat and the black sediment starting coming up from the drain. 

I complained and was told that they would give me a new room. Downstairs I go at 1am to collect a new key. I was then told I would be staying in a totally different tower. OK - Here I go....

15-minutes into my stay in my 2nd room I spot something crawling up the wall. Ummm...yeah, a baby cockroach. I killed it and called the front desk. After a 7-minute hold time I decided to walk myself, my daughter and the dead bug down to speak with management one-on-one. I showed the kid behind the counter my findings and I said "If there's one, there's more". His response "not necessarily". WHAT? Are you kidding me?! I was then directed to the manager where I told her the problem and she gave me a different room. No apology, no comped drink (s), no breakfast...Nothing. Come on now, at least an apology!! So we were given another room where we slept uneasy. I checked out as early as I could the next day. I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there. 

I will never go back to that dump again. I'd rather sleep in my car.
I stayed here during my visit in Dec. 2011 and let's just say it wasn't what I expected. I didn't plan this trip. I was pretty much a fill in at the last minute. I didn't know what I was getting myself into.

The hotel itself is old and it smells weird in the lobby. They had entertainment and restaurants but we weren't interested in neither. I did however eat at a Mexican restaurant at the food court. The gentlemen who worked there were very nice and the food was pretty good. 

There was an indoor pool but it was only for senior citizens...really people?

The beds were very comfy and  and the linens were clean. We had a fabulous view of what looked like a vacant outdoor pool area and the tacky looking Circus Circus hotel across the street.

It's a decent hotel if you're on a budget and want to experience the old Vegas feel. However it's located on the old strip so you'll have to walk or drive to the excitement.

I was there almost a year ago so I don't know what it's like now.
We stayed in the new remodeled Moraco tower.  It was ok, nothing special to write home about. When I booked the room, it was a special through casa Blanca express and it was a promotion to advertise their new remodeled hotel. I went in with high expectations, and was disappointed.  The outside of the hotel is run down its at the end of the strip away from the. Other new fancy hotel/casinos, which was fine for me, you can always catch a cab, bus, or drive down, you can walk if you are very adventurous but it is a long walk you know how those las Vegas blocks are and the heat.  We had a good time at the Riviera it was relaxing, only one night our neighbors were out of control but it's Vegas that is expected. We loss in the casino, but made up for it down the strip in the other casinos, we enjoyed the comedy show there at the Riviera, and the Illusions show. The staff at the Riviera made up for run down feeling there they were all very nice and accommodating  I would stay again if I need a break away from all the hussle of Vegas. But only in the new Moraco rooms because I would be afraid to even see what the other rooms look like if this was the new remodeled deluxe rooms.  The price is a little high considering the location and not much going on at this end of the strip
This place has seen better days.....20+ yrs ago.  It's a really tired casino.  They really need to put some serious money into it, or implode it and start over.  It's too bad because I had some great times in here back in the early 90's.  Now, I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here.

Was here recently for a pool tournament.  The major pool leagues have their finals here every year.  It works great for the pool tournaments, but for the tourist/visitor, it's not a good property.  Stay somewhere else and play pool here during those events.

Return Factor - 0%
Rodger from the Riviera was amazing!! He was there when my sister and brother in law got screwed over by the wedding planner christine from Alexis Parks and Suites! They were married with a 70 friends and family from out of town, and were told 6 hours prior to being married the plans were changed bc Alexis Park and Suites over booked their reception. Now everyone would be getting bused to the Riviera for the reception. When going to see the place we were all taken back when you think your reception will be on a roof top, going into a conference room is a little heart breaking...however by the time of the reception the place looked amazing. Everyone had a smile on their face and no one thought twice on how the ALEXIS PARKS AND SUITES SCREWED THE BRIDE AND GROOM OVER. anyways this place was a pleasant surprise and I would like to thank Rodger.
Back once again from The Riv. One of my major gripes about this place was the check-in. It has really improved. I maybe waited 5 minutes to check-in this time. They have moved the check-in desk to the back of the building and it looks A LOT better. They have also moved the cab station and valet to that area as well. The room was ok. The ceiling had a small patch of plaster flaking off and the tub could have been a little cleaner. As usual all of the staff I encountered were great. Always willing to help. Got a great deal on my room. I still suggest getting a players card,at any casino, because that does help with the cost. Although a older casino and semi isolated because of lack of building in that area still a place that is worth it.
this was my first and last time staying here. When i booked my room it was suppose to be for an smoking room but when we got there it was non smoking, but the room was pretty nice. i mean everything in there look fairly new, so when i called the front desk to see if i could switch i was told that i had to downgrade to an smoking room. I said OK, assuming the room would look semi-new like the previous one but i was wrong. We ended up staying in the older version of the hotel and the rooms were bad. The bathroom was horrible, the rim around the shower was half way off. Not to mention the ice machine was on the other floor. And the only difference between rooms was that the nonsmoking had an fridge and the other didn't. The buffet was pretty good, but the casino didn't seem like they were fun i.e. it wasn't even busy. The hotel is ok, however its too far away from the strip for me. Wouldn't recommend it.
WORST HOTEL EVER.

If I could, I would give it infinitely negative stars!! First off, I waited in line for over 2.5 hours to REGISTER for a room ONLY to be told that I have been relocated "around the corner". They wouldn't pay for a cab ride and that resulted in us having to walk to the place. Okay, we got relocated to the Mariott SuiteHill Inn's which was SUPER nice but that is besides the point.

The point is is that I wasted a WHOLE night in vegas just because I had to wait to register for a hotel room. SO DUMB. 

If I could, I would give this place infinitely negative stars. This place has forever earned a place in my mind as the worst hotel in the world AND I will pass this on to all my friends.

Disgusting.
I know that this hotel is so old and really worn down. The staff is almost unseen as it seems that they really only have people at the front desk. I needed a deal as I took my self and the hubby as well as my parents so I went out on a limb and bought the deal. Not my favorite but really not the worst. If you aren't spending a lot of time in the room just for sleeping and shower well I would say not bad. As for bed bugs which I have seen some folks write about we checked and found nothing. Rooms egh BUT the steakhouse was GREAT! We went into the bar for dinner and to watch the World Series. The food, service, atmosphere were excellent! Patty was our lady and she was wonderful! The price was reasonable. Also the comedy show was a blast! The comedians were fun and witty not trashy and vulgar! Overall not bad!
They would not honor the same rate for multiple rooms.  We booked 7 rooms, 3 of them were at a lower price, by $ 20/night for the same quality room... and they would not adjust the others.

The place is kinda creepy.  I was nearly run over by an elderly woman with a cart, staggering thru the lobby at breakneck pace... literally.

The parking lot and lobby are incredibly inconvenient to get to - you have to drive all the way around the building, past rude security who demand to see your confirmation, even if you don't have a hard copy and only have it via email.

And I couldn't figure out what the hell the $ 15/day Resort Fee actually gets you, other than a horrifying paranoia of bed bugs.
Wow, kinda surprised to see so many unhappy folks at the Riv.  We usually stay here when we stay on the strip (we "every other" with downtown)   Since we are out and about most of the time, all we care about is a shower and a comfortable bed.  Done.  The casino is fine; in fact, I do pretty good there.  After we've been all over the place, we mosey back to the Riv and unwind at the bar with some video poker.  Same in the morning - start the day with an hour or so at the bar and get your wits together and then take off.  We got an ad in the mail last month and booked it - 3 nights free, $20 in slot play and 2 tickets to comedy club.  Since my brother-in-law and his wife wanted to go, they called and got the same deal as us, all they did was ask.  Rooms are hit or miss, sometimes we get a great room and sometimes we get a meh room.  Who cares?  View? Who cares?  I didn't come to Vegas to sit in my hotel room.  Yes, they are old as dirt, but it's kind of cool to be walking the same halls as Las Vegas legends...  I'd rather save money on the room and use it for a great dinner.  This time we're going to Gordon Ramsay's.
I have experienced better but not hardly the worse and def much better than Circus hands down. I had to basically live at this hotel for a month while working in Vegas. The major downside to me was you have to do a lot of wrangling for a decent room and the mail system although the least expensive of the Strip hotels I must it bugs me that hotels on the strip charge you to get you mail if its bigger than an envelope-No cool but they have get good shows from time to time.
I go to Vegas a few times a year, I have never stayed at the Riviera hotel and casino until last night. The hotel itself is pretty run down, the carpets in the rooms, the bathrooms seem old and outdated. They were not dirty, just old and worn out! The back of the remote was missing which was a bit frustrating because I didn't want to loose the batteries out of it. 
The room was clean and the beds were comfortable.  The staff was super helpful and extremely friendly. They didn't only allow us to check in an hour early, they also upgraded our room without me asking for it. With the rooms being as run down as they were in the upgrade I can't imagine what it would have looked like if I would have gotten the original room I booked!
This hotel is an absolute dump,  we got scammed off of Priceline my wife was looking for a 3+ star hotel doing "name your own price."  Last time we did this we ended up at Treasure Island on a weekend night for $60 out the door.  She was up to $75 when it booked us for this 1-star turd.   We had stayed the previous night at a station casino (Aliunte) and that was a modest 2-3 star place.  When we entered the old run down parking garage of the Riviera I knew we were doomed.   

We checked in and no one around us was speaking english, this is when I knew we were in for it.  The lobby was dirty and old.  I understand this hotel is a "Vegas Classic" but they could at least update the carpets and paint every 20-30 years just so it doesn't feel as dirty.   

We tried to call Priceline to cancel or at least change the hotel, they were willing but the Riviera refused to cancel our reservation on Priceline's end.  We were stuck and after taxes and fees it was just short of $100 for the night.  What made me even more furious was after getting to our room I started checking on rates and the average online booking was modestly $30-40 on average per night...  

The room was old, smelly, and noisy as all hell.  You could hear cell phones ringing in the rooms around you, TV's blaring, people taking a wiz repeatedly all through the night.  The bed was as hard as a rock.  Between the bed and the noise I got about 15 minutes of sleep total the entire night.

So I felt like I should gamble ONLY because I wanted some of my damn room money back.  HUGE mistake.  The slots were tighter then Zeus's butthole.  I put nearly $200 into a vast array of machines and never even went into the "black"  I was so disappointed in this place I will forever forsake it and warn all my friends and family to STAY the hell AWAY from the Riviera.  From the overpriced ($20) brunch buffet to the dirty rooms and dirty casino this hotel is only for those who just didn't know any better.  Avoid this disaster at all costs I implore you!

----- Quick Update -----

Got home from our trip and found the Riviera Hotel had charged us $130 as well as the priceline prepaid reservation.  I called the hotel and they say they don't have a record of the transaction but they do see they billed us a "resort fee" of $15.  At check in we were never told of any additional fees associated with the room.  We did a "name your own price" on priceline.  She told me that every guest no matter how they book is charged a "resort fee."  The woman was extremely rude even though I was not, even post - Riviera the treatment and experience is awful.   Now I'm working with the bank to cancel the $130 charge and with priceline to find out who should be paying this so called "resort fee."   I've been at many a` Motel 6's that were more of a "Resort" then the Riviera.  The pool wasn't even open when we were there.
Not the NICEST on the strip, but hopefully not the worst, wait not the worst. It was decent, we paid less than $50 a night including resort fee for a Sunday/Monday stay in the Monaco tower. Will stay again IF needed. The water pressure was great, the carpet was clean, or looked clean. The room came with a mini fridge, which was VERY CONVENIENT. The hotel is located towards the end of the strip, walkable to Paradise Road. We ate at the Riviera Buffet for breakfast on Tuesday morning, after checking out, it was nice. Not pricey and worth it.
I came here for thanksgiving week/ weekend.  It was a good deal. 3 days 2 nights for $40.  I wasn't expecting 4 star for that price and this hotel.  I really don't know what the $15  "resort fee" is for because 1 the pool was closed and 2 this is not a resort.  The room I stayed in was actually better then i expected.  It was "upgraded". I highly DO NOT recommend going to the food court at all. Stay away... eat Mc donalds around the corner. That place is disgusting and grimey looking. 
Overall for the price can't complain too much. It seemed clean, except for the funky smell when you walk in to the registration area. I can't say I would ever stay here again though.
What has happened to The Riv?! This place has gone downhill and it makes me sad! 

We decided to look for something to eat in the food court. It was not the shortest walk from the parking garage to the food court area. If you are walking in from the street (las vegas blvd) then there are doors right on the sidewalk to enter which puts you right into the food court.

This place was filthy. It looks like a yard sale walking through the casino. Suddenly you see a row of pinball machines, then you see a Coinstar machine among various other odd things. It is like they just randomly cluster things around the place.

I had to stop into the bathroom and the toilet area was actually OK but the sinks are another story. There was paper thrown about, and drink cups everywhere.

When I saw the food court I was excited to see the options. I do know it is a food court and wasn't expecting anything spectacularly amazing, just something that tasted yummy! We noticed a Cheese steak place,  Mediterranean, , Subway, Etc. I had been wanting for sometime to try "Angelina's Pizza" and was delighted to see they had what they called a "Angelina's Pizza Express". The cashier was very friendly.  They sell pizza by the slice which sits under a heat lamp until ordered. I recommend buying a whole pie if there is more then one of you since leftover pizza rocks. 
We decided on a large pepperoni. It was 18 inches and cost $29.58 for the pizza and 2 fountain drinks. We waited in the food court seating area until the pizza was done baking. The tables and floor were filthy. The cashier brought us our pizza and again was very friendly. The pizza was pure grease. There was barely any sauce on it. I thought it was a waste of money personally.  

With other options on the strip the Riv is going to have to step up its game!
Now I'll admit it.  I'm one of those fools that finds no redeaming value to Las Vegas.  Well, except you can now get really good food.  And there is the occasional show that will rock you.  Oh and maybe people watching which is like an Olympic sport in Las Vegas.  Hmmm, maybe there is something to say for it after all.

But then I offer you the Riviera...  My encounter started with reservations.  I'll call my rep "Ellen" (this is a fictitious name and should not be confused with a person real or imagined).  Ellen was closer.  Why yes sir, you can have adjoining rooms for your party.  Sir, we have a lovely pool - it is very large.  Rooms have all of the latest amenities - comfortable beds etc.  Got to hand it to Ellen.  Got my money and she was 0 for 3.  After strike 3, the pool is closed for the season, I thought choice words with the management would be in order.  I'm sorry sir she's not available.  Later ... I'm sure she'll return in a bit.  I'm now thinking Ellen and the manager are one and the same person. 

If you want to experience a real-life Griswold family vacation I highly recommend the Riviera.
The Riviera gets a bad wrap for being at the edge of the strip, but my husband and I had a great time for our one-night stay in Vegas. First, we booked a suite in the Monaco Room and it was HUGE. We had our own bar and two couches.

The casino is not as fancy as the other casinos, but it was very large. The Asian restaurant was pretty good too. We had our own car so we could get to other parts of Las Vegas by driving around and then parking using our free valet deal.

Ideally this is a good place if you are a U.S. resident with their own transportation and a group of friends who have come to Las Vegas for a cheap night with a lot of space. The room is very ideal to parties. 

If you are into the glitz and glamour of the other casinos and you don't have a car, it is best to stay at another hotel. If you do have your own transportation, this is definitely a hotel you should strongly consider.
The staff are rude, slow, and don't seem interested in doing their job.  When we stayed here, we checked into our room and found a partially eaten birthday cake and empty beer bottles in the room, the beds weren't made, and there were used q-tips on the floor.  We had to call multiple times to get a maid in to clean, and it took probably six or seven hours for them to actually come down it.  On top of that, their parking is terrible, the building is outdated, and it's overpriced.  No thanks.
There were so many problems with our stay.  I do not wish to spend an undue amount of time discussing it, so here's some bullet points.  
- The staff were universally unfriendly and unhelpful, causing serious complications in our time and energy.
- Our room was not cleaned in the 48 hours we stayed there.
- We were given the incorrect room (two twin beds instead of a king bed). 
- We could hear a loud buzzing all night from inadequately shielded electronics outside our room.
- The floor in our room was bowed so that the two twin beds sloped inwards, meaning that when we were laying down, whoever was towards the more-center of the bed would risk rolling off the bed if not careful.  

When we arrived, we had twenty minutes to make it to our show (Cirque Du Soliel - Mystique), which we already had tickets for.  It was either make it or loose the $200 spent on tickets.  I arrived with my ID and reservation number ready, but instead of being given our room keys, we were almost denied stay, even though I had made the reservation over three months prior, because the hotel had already redeemed the groupon we'd used.  As they'd already redeemed it, I couldn't find the groupon number for them when they demanded I give it to them again when we were checking in!  A manager had to be called to finally clear up the situation with the extremely rude and unhelpful woman at check-in, and the manager finally gave us our room keys; we made it to the show only because a taxi-cab driver was willing to speed to get us there on time!

It was told to the staff that we were visiting for our honeymoon.  OUR HONEYMOON, celebrating our recent marriage.  That guests would visit a place to celebrate such an important point in their lives should be a point of pride.  Instead, we were treated as vagabonds.  

We received the room through a groupon, but I will be contacting groupon to request a refund and report the truly terrible experience we had here.  

We will not be returning to the Riviera.
Nice enough hotel, great prices, free hotel pricing. Right across from Circus Circus, but a little ways away from the strip.
This review is strictly for the services of Starlight Theatre staff. We went to the Riviera Hotel to watch the Illusions by Jan Rouven. We get there and find out that the seats in the back were horrible! You could not see the stage AT ALL! We noticed that a lot of tables had reserved signs written on them in the front in the VIP area, although no one was sitting there. Suddenly, we notice lots of people moving from the back rows to the front and figure out that they were "helping" the staff and getting the seats they wanted in the front. I would like to request the Hotel to fix the seating in the back area so that people with young children can enjoy the shows they have paid for and not have to bribe some employees in order to get what they expected to start with. Also, they should consider better staff management and pay their staff more so they do not have to use such cheap tricks.
Bang for buck, you can't beat it. Not too far off the strip.
Really rude staff/security, bad customer service, outdated, dead, and overall a dump. I won't ever visit this casino again.
I visited several times but did not stay in a room. This review is more about the casino floor ambiance and the tertiary entertainment functions.

The Riviera gets 4 stars for its friendly blackjack dealers, drink specials, and the epic pinball machine museum in the west lobby! The place seemed kind of empty after New Years, but smelled really classy somehow. No stink of despair and cigar here! Plus the dealers knew how to deal with aggressive gamblers who try to hassle and crowd gambling newbies like myself while I'm trying to make a bet.

Their comedy show was a great way to spend an evening and the fact that our waitress was kind enough to let us know that a pitcher of beer cost the same as 2 single glass beers put me over the top. I could not tip her fast enough.

Plus, sexy brass ass lady statues await the looky-loos as a risque photo op right in front of the Riv!
The last time I stayed here was last year. The rooms weren't so bad, I find it to be rather small. But you get what you paid for and my family wanted to stay in a more simple room. 

However, the arcade is pretty small. It's just a couple of pinball machines and it made the arcade "room" look really cheap. The place can look pretty cluttered since it looked like they were trying to use up every single space available but limited room to walk around. 

The hallways to the rooms were narrow and low. The hallways can trigger a sense of claustrophobia within you and the ceilings are very low, which is a disaster for tall people. The ceilings were about 7 inches above me and it made me feel like the ceiling was going to lower down on me. 

The ice machines are NOT every floor. It may not sound like a big deal, but it can be a hassle to go up or down to the nearest floor to get ice and then go back. There are PLENTY of options to stay on the strip. Don't go for this place.
4 stars for the pool.  I have been at this hotel 3 times, and stayed here twice.  Last time the pool was open (summer).  For an old hotel, the pool area is great.  I always visit the pool at any hotel I go to.  I haven't seen it crowded any time I've been here.  The water was clear, and it's the only deep pool I've seen in vegas.  It looks like a lap pool.
the hotel room was fine, clean, quite,  low cost,  lock your door from the inside, they book another couple in my same room !!! but I would let them in! Front desk call me ask me who I was!!!! so I ask her who she was, when she said she was calling from the  front desk,  I said I don't think so and I told her I was also at the front desk!  So she said she would call hotel security, Security came knocked on my door asking me who I was!  I said who are you?  should me ID, he said open the door, I said nope! should me ID,  he said open the door, I said nope! show me ID, he said should me your ID, I said check at the front desk!  he said he has a walky Talky  I said I have one too! he said open the door, this is hotel Security, I said I also had a walky talky and I was hotel security !  after about 15 minutes he was gone. I told the general manager so he gave me 2 free tickets to the buffet, yuck buffet was the worst I every had, I could not eat that junk food!      room is nice, lock the door, dont talk to anyone in Vegas! to many crazy people!
You know... i really wanted to rate this a 4.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.. BUT.. their cocktail service is HORRIBLE!!! We must have played for over an hour before we were even offered a drink, and another half hour to get the drink.  This is probably the 4th time in a year - bad service as far as that goes.  Otherwise, it's a cool place for an older casion/hotel.
Seriously this place is pretty pathetic, they need to sell the land to someone so they can blow it up and rebuild something awesome on the strip! This place was dirty! Seriously this place lacked basic cleaning in the hotel rooms the bathroom was looked like someone attempted to wipe down some of the things with a towel. I felt no cleaning materials were being used. This place is old and pretty run down find one of the local places that is off the strip but fun if money is an issue and you think you have to stay here!
Pretty Dated place. It looks like it may be dying a slow death but I'm sure it will survive if Imperial Palace can survive. The casino was basically empty, as was the food court. It beats the Quad for sure but it just seemed like the ownership decided to cut the losses and only keep up the main parts. There were empty rooms and doors not working in prime real estate space.
APPROACH WITH CAUTION. YOUR VALUABLES WILL BE STOLEN!!!!!
This is the worst hotel on the strip. The upgrade rooms smell like wet carpet.
I had the misfortune of parking in the parking structure and having my car window smashed and everything stolen from my car. The hotel will take no responsibility at all. They did not even offer a free room (not that I would ever go back) 
The management (Le Cretia Evans in risk management) was the worst of all. She could care less about the people that stay at the Riviera and how there experience was
Sure you get what you pay for.  It is probably the best value in Vegas -- if fanciness is not high on your priorities.  It feels like a family place.  Casino is fine.  Buffet is a little lame but we always go to the Peppermill anyway.
I don't care what anyone says, this is my spot right here! Is it old by Vegas standards....yup. Is it kinda on the lamer side of the strip....yup. I don't really mind though. With Riviera you get clean rooms and a super laid back casino. I've been in love with that for some years now. You can go to the casino and play whatever you want. No huge crowds walking in and out of the casino. I am actually one of those people who never minded the walk from Riviera to the center strip. I kinda like it to be honest. Rooms are really comfortable if you get the newer type rooms. Flat screen tvs, comfy beds, super quiet hallways with cheap soda machines....my type of Vegas right here. I think most of you didn't research Vegas enough before you went. You thought you could pay 200 bucks for 5 nights and magically get a bellagio type room....Nope Jokes on you. Riviera is just a nice spot to sleep and shower in. This is Vegas so why do you need to be in your room all day anyway. I will never understand some of you. 

I do hate the Riviera food court these days. There is a quiznos and then some crappy spots to eat at. You are better off just walking across the street to slots of fun or circus circus. Riviera gets the job done if you are like me and out and about most of the day and just need a place to sleep for 5-8 hours. 

I really hope they don't ever close this place...would make me so sad. So many memories here. I made the promise to myself that I will always come over to Riviera whether I'm staying there or not! Long live the Riv
Everthing about this recent stay at The Riv was top notch!!! Heck I LOVED the comps although I am not sure why they went so far, but I was nice to be treated so well.

The Hotel itself is very retro cool. It kind of reminded my of part cruise ship and part Fountain Blue Miami, pre renovations. If this Hotel were in almost any other city in the world it would be the best in town.
 
The Riviera however has to compete with all the other Mega Resorts in Vegas. Well if you really want a huge casino with 1000's of people the The Mirage, Ceasars, and Mandalay Bay are for you, but I really enjoyed the exceptional service throughout the property, and with out the mayhem I experience walking throuh a few of these other places this week.

My room in The Monico Tower was recently redecorated with new carpet, paint. art bedding, and stone bathrooms. But the beds alone made my stay so comfy, omg were they nice, better then home and that says alot!!!

I have no negetives other then spotty internet service, and I did discuse that with the resort manager, (yes The Big Cheese) talked with me about his hotel.

Service, food, shows, entertainment, casino, comps, and comfort all deserve 5 stars!!!

I know its off the "main" strip but its location has its own bennifits. If you are looking for a great place to stay in Vegas and at a GREAT price, STAY and or PLAY HERE!!!!
now i know why i never went here. old, musty, terrible service, describes this place. The ONLY reason I stayed here for the week(huge mistake) was because my conference was taking place there and that made it convenient so that i could go to my room during breaks and come bcak down for other sessions. rooms were old and terrible. the staff was just plain RUDE, from the reception(checkin) to the pit bosses and managers who were extremely rude even though i dropped $1K one night, it was absurd. the dealers are barely awake and always so tired that its depressing to gamble there, its actually so depressing at this hotel that i felt like i just wanted to go to my conference, sleep in my room, and for any other down time, i cabbed it to any place that wasnt the riviera. we did eat at a few of the places in the food court and the only place that was good was LA SALSA.
Came here for the Jan Rouven Illusion show.  The casino is like any other... with slots & tables, it was pretty much dead that night but the poker table was full.  This is one of if not the oldest casino on the strip.  It showed it's age but surprisingly  it was nice to be away from the crowds and all the ringing/dinging of the slot machines. Less crowds but still in some of the action. I enjoyed the music, drinks and the dealers were friendly.  The Illusion show was awesome by the way. See my review.
I don't care what other people say, I like this place. It has that "Old Vegas" feel to it. Sure, it's getting a little run-down, but who among us isn't? I always have fun here - even when I am not winning. Go to the Riviera. It's just a fun place.
This was by far the most pathetic hotel I have stayed at by a drastic margin. This review is for the hotel and casino itself, all restaurants will be reviewed separately as many were not one-star.

The room itself cost $40-60 per night not including taxes or resort fees. As cheap as that sounds, that's horribly expensive for the Riviera due to timing. It's not unfair, but I'm going to have at least minimum expectations for that. I booked a standard non-smoking room on the basis of it really being a place to sleep, shower, and change clothes. Of course, I find out the reservation was "changed" to a smoking room. After making it clear that was not an option, they offered a "free" upgrade to a "luxury" room in the Monte Carlo tower. Those quotes are there for good reason.

Having a confirmed reservation for a non-smoking room means just that. I know the front desk staff has little discretion there aside from existing management plans. The fact that they quickly found an "upgrade" made it clear there was an overbooking and they wanted to make themselves look good. I would give them credit for that if it were a real upgrade. I'd even give it a pass if what I got was a reasonable standard room. However, the "recently renovated" Monte Carlo tower certainly remains pathetic. The shower head and faucet had plenty of hard water buildup and chips in them. I'm fairly sure they were older than I am. The smoke detector had an inspection sticker from 2008. At least one bath towel had a hole in it. The pillow cases had a few minor stains. The Monte Carlo tower itself has a pervading scent which I knew I would be scrubbing off the minute I got back to my own shower. Honestly, I'd expect better than this for $50 on a weekday or $70 on the weekend. Resort fee included there since it is part of the price. 

The casino is reasonably open and uncrowded, leading to only moderate smoke smell. On the other hand, this led to many empty table games. I believe I saw craps open once. They seemed content to rely on a video craps game with a dice shaker machine. There was a heavy reliance on penny progressive slots with a handful of quarter/dollar slots scattered about. Video poker pay lines were the worst of any I have seen. It's almost as if they intentionally want people to end up frustrated with the entire place and go away as quickly as possible. Even when I was winning, I felt as if in a way, I was still losing. Every single other place I have touched on the strip was friendlier and more pleasant of a location.

The comps are virtually nonexistent aside from the standard cocktail offers. They couldn't even get their player's club rewards straight between signs and people.

If not for events at the Riviera, the only purpose to go there would be the exercise from walking that far down the strip.
We stayed at the Riviera because it was a groupon deal. Bad call. Ill admit the room was ok....after we upgraded, but the rest of the hotel is meh! You have to walk past crack dealers if you venture to the newer part of the strip. The restaurants are just ok. If your under 60, I would pay the extra money and stay someplace south of here.
Place sucks! Beware!!! Booked king sized bed, gave us two full-not fun to have fun on!
Employees look depressed, bartenders are old and unfriendly, the wallpaper is peeling and the rooms smelled like rotting fruit and old lady-gross!
It's okay.  The room was clean and the bed was comfy.  The staff was friendly and the food was good and affordable.

It's a bit old and the rooms are stuffy.  I hated walking through the lobby with everyone smoking.  It's pretty far down the strip.

Not the worst place I've ever stayed, and it was reasonably priced ($69/night).
For people who are on a budget, this actually is a great, comfortable hotel. However, every night, when I would come back to the room after my conference was over, the room smelled of mold. I'd call house keeping and they'd come spray febreez and put an air freshner. Then, I'd have to crank on the AC because the smell of the freshners were strong. All in all, it wasn't a pleasant experience and I hope next time I am in Las Vegas, I can stay at one of the nicer hotels.
This was the worst conference site and hotel for a conference I enjoy attending annually. First recommendation: if looking at this site for a conference, be aware that it has negative vibes for the kind of community feel one seeks for that kind of event. Not conducive to socializing and networking. 
Check-in: very long line and only 2 clerks. (That remained true on multiple day.) the upgrade coupons were a come on. Fake. 
In our hallway, a glass sat for several days not picked up by catering or cleaning staff. 
That bathtub did not drain. The room decor was fine. The blaring loudspeaker from pool loudspeaker ("seats are available  at poker table") were annoying both at room and poolside. Definitely go outside hotel for any meals which includes coffee at snack stands.  While the price for a conference hotel may seem seductive at $70 , much more is list in good will and negative feeling.
Ok, I'll start by saying this hotel isn't horrible. But it is not at all nice. It smells powerfully from fresheners, which means they are covering some not good stuff. Yikes! It's also pretty smokey.
Very, very dated. Seriously 70s/80s fabulous, for better or for worse.
Our bathtub was squishy--yes squishy from it not being sealed properly and water draining underneath it.
People working were pretty nice, but some were grumpy toward us.
The conference area wasn't good. Some rooms were saunas and others ice boxes. There was no internet connection as promised in many areas.  The hallways were hard to walk down. Technology help was sparse and slow. Technology capabilities left much to be desired.
We wouldn't ever stay here again if we came to Vegas. It's far from the strip and a bit gross and very dated. I constantly felt like I needed to wash my hands.
The dirtiest, seediest and most  run down hotel I have EVER stayed at. I had to stay here for a convention and was appalled. The rooms have been cosmetically updated, but the shower was mildewy and the room had an old wall AC unit that was loud, ran constantly and was probably filled with mold (I woked up with my allergies going INSANE). Finally, you know you're in a seedy place when there is a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE DISPOSAL in the bathroom. WTF!?

The hotel hosted a conference for 3,000 people, but wasn't properly staffed to handle it. You had to wait at least 30 minutes for the pleasure to eat at one of their disgusting restaurants. All of the food I ate at the restaurants was deep fried dreck. I'm amazed I didn't get ill.

The casino is old, depressing and attracts a lot of creeps. At night they had a scantily clad girl dancing on a pole. Just sad.

Its not even worth it to stay here on the cheap since its so far north on the strip. You have to take an expensive cab ride to get anywhere other than Circus Circus (which is just as seedy and gross). The wynn is probably the closest place at a 10 minute walk.

Bottom line: this dive needs to be condemned.
To start we got there a few hours before checkin, so we knew we would have to wait.  The first lady we spoke with at the front desk was helpful and pointed us to an area we could pickup wifi while waiting for our room.  The bellman was friendly and helpful in holding our luggage.  Since we didn't pay to upgrade, we got what we expected--a run down 1 star...maybe 2 star hotel room.

There was a view of the pool, so that was better than nothing (although later we found it was closed until after our checkout date).  According to the front desk lady the room we were getting had been "partially updated", but all we noticed was a new tub liner and shower curtain.  When we went to put our valuables in the safe it said "low battery", so we called and they sent maintenance up.  He wasn't able to do anything, so we asked for a different room.  We were moved up a floor to the side overlooking the disgusting lower roof.  Both rooms were the same.  Old, dingy, over used, and barely holding themselves together.

The hotel was dead at all various hours that we were coming and going each day, so we're not sure why we couldn't have been checked into a nicer room, and earlier in the day.  The bed was comfortable, wifi was strong and for the most part everything was clean-ish.

We stopped in the general store for a postcard and the business center for a stamp.  Both lady's that helped us were friendly.  The guy at the little coffee/bagel stand was also genuinely nice.

We ate at the R Buffet for b-fast and it was okay, but not worth the discounted rate we paid.  We watched the magic show, which was pretty cool but don't pay full price for this either.  It was an entertaining show but not worth some of the ticket prices we came across.  We ate at the bar in the R Steak and Seafood restaurant because we had an offer of 20% off the entire bill, but when it came time to pay we were told it was only good in the dining room.  We showed the manager there was no stipulation in the offer, but instead of correcting our bill he took my name and number and said he would see what they could do in the form of comps.  We never heard back from him.

In the end, this hotel needs to be demolished unless it's being kept for that original vegas feel.  Do NOT pay full price to stay here--$25 per night max because there is also a $15 resort fee (common for most hotels in the area).
When I checked in the woman was rude. I requested a non-smoking room since my mom hates the smell and it was for her birthday. I was told I got a smoking room and was told I could get an upgraded room for an extra $20 a night, doesn't seem right to me. I was aware of the hotel nightly rate of $15 a night but don't understand the charge since no one really does anything for you, when i checked in, the woman at the front slid my card, which i was assuming was for that charge but I came to find out, when I checked out that I owed the second night along with the $15 each night charge that would be taken out of the $100 they took from my account as a deposit. I had no idea that they had taken $100, no where did it say anything about a deposit, and I was not even told when the charge was actually made. The guy was talking to me like a five year old while explaining all of this. The window was broken and bed was hard as a rock. All of the restaurants closed at 10 except one which was overpriced. They're even books in the room were also outdated. It says they have bingo which my grandma wanted to do but when we went to find it we were told they haven't had it for months and couldn't tell us where the next closest was. The rude behavior of all made any positives out of sight and out of mind. Spend the extra money and go somewhere else.
I recently stayed at the Riviera for a large, national conference and have been fantasizing about what kind of review I would write after the horrible service I received. 

I should mention, first, that we were warned about booking a room at the hotel. Several people affiliated with the conference warned they, their family members, or friends had gotten bed bugs while staying at the Riviera. Because the conference we were in Vegas to attend was being held there, my colleague and I decided to press our luck and stay there for convenience.

I've decided to write a simple account of my experience in chronological order. 

1) When I went to check in, I attempted to redeem a voucher for a free room upgrade. Surprise! The room was already booked and they had only rooms left with king-sized beds. No offense fo my colleague, but we preferred to have our own beds. Sounded like the Twitter deal was a scam. The real offense? The check-in clerk was incredibly rude. I was astounded. 

2) We got bedbugs. Yep. It happened. I have pictures. When we brought this to the front desk's attention a manager came out, hurried us into a corner, told us security would meet us up at the room to investigate. We protested, he insisted. We went up to the room where a security officer met us. He took pictures of the bites, wrote something down and keyed up his radio, "Code green, that's a positive." I rolled my eyes. He took his flashlight and peered under the top cover. "I don't see any bedbugs." 

Bedbugs infest the corners of mattresses. They get in the little seams. They crawl on the top of picture frames. Alongside the corners of the carpet. I couldn't believe it. We protested and he called his supervisor. 

This huge guy came into the room and we explained how impossible it was to conclude there were no bedbugs after such a cursory check. We said we didn't want to pay for the room. He said that the management would take care of everything and escorted us back to the manager. 

The manager told us there was nothing he could do except change our rooms. He told us security have their procedures and are trained (to be useless, for sure). We protested. He gave us a card and said loss prevention would contact us in 7-10 days. That was on the 14th of March. Today is March 29th; I've heard nothing. We told him the security guy said management would take care of us. He said there was nothing he could do. As a result of their incompetence, we missed dinner with our colleagues. They did give us, after my roommate got upset, a voucher for dinner. 

3) When we went to check out, we asked right away to speak with a manager. A different manager than the previous night appeared, and when we said we got bedbugs she hurried us away from the other folks checking out. We told her we didn't want to pay for the room. She said there was nothing she could do--loss prevention would contact us. We said she was the manager--she could do anything she wanted. I said, "I've read many reviews on various travel sites that have claimed loss prevention never contacts them after they get bed bugs." She got upset and said, "Why would you go and read those sites!" I laughed and said, I'm happy to show the folks in line my bites. Then she called security. 

4) Security came and mocked us and threatened us. We said we were here with the teacher's conference, and one guard got angry and said angrily, "What kind of teachers do you think you are?" They circled us as my roommate continued talking to the manager. I told them to get out of my personal space and asked folks who were checking out to witness their hostility. They got in my face and I started taking pictures. I have several. I started tweeting everything. That's when they backed off and left. 

Now, you can make your own decision to stay here. My roommate and I have not yet been contacted by the hotel about getting bed bugs. 

The managers at this hotel had total control over our experience as guests, and they chose not to compensate us adequately, the hotel security insulted and threatened us, and there has been no follow up. 

Choose where you stay wisely.
BED BUGS. Stay Away. We stayed at the Riviera Hotel & Casino for a professional conference and had one of the very worst experiences imaginable: we were bitten all over our legs and arms by bed bugs and we were treated poorly by hotel management and security after reporting the bites. 

First, listen to these online reviews. Mine isn't the only bed bug incident!!! Our biggest mistake was that we ignored all of the many warnings before booking the hotel. We ignored warnings of bed bugs from colleagues who refused to stay there. We ignored Yelp reviews warning customers of bed bugs (read them. There's tons!) and ignored warning about The Riviera on the Bed Bug Registry: http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Riviera-Hotel-%2526amp;-Casino

Instead of making the smart decision, we reasoned that it would be nice to stay at the hotel hosting our conference and that, really, it couldn't be that bad. BAD DECISION. 

We checked in Tuesday. Thursday night we discovered bed bug bites on our feet, legs, and arms. We google-image searched bed bug bites and read about the symptoms. They looked exactly like the pictures and matched the symptoms. When we brought this to the attention of the hotel staff, we received the complete run-around. Management passed us off to security, who took pictures of all our bites on our feet, arms, and legs. Security passed us off to risk management (who, conveniently, were not in at that moment), and then we were passed back to hotel management and passed back to security. No one could give us any answers, but we were given a new room while they investigated our old room. A manager "comped" us $50.00 but suggested that this comp does not confirm fault by the hotel (sounds kind of fishy, right?). 

When we checked out we told the management that we would not be paying for the room. Management called security, who surrounded us, threatened us, and harassed us. They told me to wait 8-10 business days before calling risk management. I waited 10 business days and called today. I was informed that the report came back as "inconclusive" and that I would be responsible for paying the room. When I questioned their investigation, saying that it was awfully convenient that their investigation found no evidence of bed bugs, they hung up on me. Now the Riviera is making me pay for my bedbug-infested room. What a poor, poor example of customer service. In a town where they're basically giving away hotel rooms to try to get folks to stay and gamble, they wouldn't even comp us a room after infesting our bodies, clothes, and luggage with bed bugs. Now that's poor customer service. 

Seriously, listen to the warnings on Yelp and other review sites. Don't make the mistake of thinking that these are a few random bitter cranks with an axe to grind. This is a serious problem that the hotel apparently has not addressed properly.
I booked this place online, when I got there, they gave me different room, they said you can change it later, and when I changed it, they charged me extra for it which I didn't ask for, I just asked for what I booked. At the end I paid 100$ extra for 4 nights.
Worst check in ever! Been in line for 30 minutes, worse than the dmv.
slots are tight, cocktail waitresses even more so!
the best thing about this place is that its across the street from Circus Circus.

oh and the happy hour at the R Steakhouse!
5$ bowl of steamed clams, oysters, row of 3 sirloin sliders or habanero chicken wings.
This hotel has a very well documented bedbug problem. I made a reservation for 2 rooms and then was told by a friend from Vegas that there was an infestation. I immediately cancelled the reservation. Riviera refused to honor my cancellation and has taken 100% of hotel fee.

We stayed at the Tuscany hotel, FYI, and although the rooms are basic, the price was great and there were no BEDBUGS!!!!!!

Shame on you Riviera!!!!
LOSING!!!

This is not my favorite hotel on the strip. Is it full of history with old rooms that smell? Yes that is the smell of History. Come on Sinatra has a suite here. I am sure there are things in this hotel we do not want to know anything about, so sometimes it is better to just hold your nose & deal with it.

I have only stayed at this hotel because of work. I would never personally pick this place ever.

When I check-in, I asked for a Humidifier and I was promptly told, "the Riv does not have any". I informed the check-in agent that I stay in Vegas 3 times a year & every hotel has humidifiers. She promptly told me I was wrong & she questioned what hotels I stayed at last. I informed her and she said, "That is hard to believe because one of the hotels I mentioned was a sister property and they do not have humidifiers!" I looked at her and said, "I am sorry because they gave me one for a week!"  So frustrating! Why are you arguing with me?

Two days went by and I was about to go to Walgreens to purchase a Humidifier. I decided to call Housekeeping and just ask. The Manager in Housekeeping said, "I wish you would have called two days ago because I think I am out of them!" I was so mad that I actually listened to the front desk. I should have just called two days ago. The Manager was so sweet because I asked her to call me back within the hour because if I did not hear from her I would go and buy one. Five minutes later there was a knock at my door and I was handed a humidifier.  That was 5 star service but the front desk not knowing or even making an attempt to get me a humidifier was 0 stars.

My dry cleaning was suppose to be in my room by 7pm the night before. As I was getting ready in the morning I noticed my dry cleaning was not there. I tried several times to call the Bell Hop, to inquiry about my dress shirt but no one ever picked up the phone. So I decided to pick up my shirt myself & went down on my way to work. I informed the Bell Hop my shirt was never delivered. He then looked at me and said, "Did you look in the closet?" I honestly wanted to biff myself in the head and say, "I wish I had a V8!" I looked at him and said, "Really?" He then went to look for my shirt but made sure to tell me that he probably did not have it. Guess what? He had my shirt. Then he had the rudeness to say, "I am going to need to see your ID!" I looked at him and said, "What are the chances that I gave you my last name, my room number, color of shirt and that it wasn't delivered to my room and it isn't my dress shirt???" He said, "Well I have to be sure!" I said, "Just be sure you are making me late for work and I now have to get dressed in the Lobby bathroom now!" Honestly what is the deal with these guys! Are people stealing dry cleaning in hotels?

I also had to leave notes around my room to inform the maid not to touch my stuff. Please do not move my toothbrush and various bathroom stuff. Is it really necessary?  The kicker was the day I walked in and my room was not made and it was 7pm at night. I called the manager and he said, "I see your room has been marked off as cleaned!" I told him to come on up or I could email him photos. He asked if he could send up the maid now and I said, "No! I am in my room & I am good!" Five minutes later there was a knock on my door from the maid who insisted to come in and clean my room. I had to tell her that I was good & did not want my room cleaned. It was more principal. Don't check my room off as clean and then not clean it.

The kicker is this. I decided to go green & check-out from my television. It then asked me to find the keyboard in the room to type in my email to send me out a final bill. I then opened every drawer in my room to find the keyboard. I then called down to the front desk and was informed that none of the rooms have keyboards. Really? Why tell me to check out from the room & I can not get a bill emailed to me. The front desk manger promised me to email me my final bill. It has been 7 days since I have checked out I have not gotten my final bill. I called after 24 hours and had them email me again. No email. I have in fact called 5 times & I have them send out emails to two different email addresses. Guess what? No email. 

I also had food here once too. I had one of the pre-packed salads from the coffee shop. I opened my salad only to find wilting lettuce in the container. So gross! That was the first & last time that I ate at the hotel. If you stay here you are going to be taking cabs down the street or walking to get to any decent restaurants. There is nothing to do at this end of the strip!

I am hating this review right now because I am taking a big deep breath & reliving this lack of customer service at the Riv! This hotel is not a Five Star Hotel. My room was suppose to be non-smoking but it still smelled like smoke. I guess after 58 years you will never be able to get the smoke of the walls!
I was told the rooms were renovated but was a basic clean up... Still has popcorn on the ceiling, clean but not anything fancy. Flat screen tv was terrible reception, heat and air is old and is loud and outdated. Very old casino that dates back to 1955 and is a good place to stay if you like vintage. Does not have a good filtration in the casinos and smoke is strong smelling. Would never, never stay here again... Never!
Just stayed a week at the "Riviera".  First thing was an "Extra charge" for an upgraded room that was non-smoking.  I had booked a non-smoking room through Expedia.  Then a resort fee on top of that.  At the end of seven days, the extra charges were $261.00.  The casino was so smokey we avoided it and went across the street to Circus Circus.  Go to the Mirage.  I think they will give you a much better deal after the EXTRA charges are added.  Signed Linda Hewson Colebrook NH
Timeless & Affordable Las Vegas Hotel

This hotel has flair and is affordable.

The staff is very friendly and gave me the desired room. Before the official check-in time, I was already in the room.

On April 6th 2013, early afternoon I met a Woman with dark long hair and a thin kind of poncho on Her shoulders at the casino. She was accompanied by an Asian Girlfriend. I just came back from the Grand Canyon West tour and was very tired. For me the day started at 4 AM. For this and other reasons, I had not asked for the name or contact details of the Woman. I have to give something to this Woman. This is important. However I do not know where and how to search for this Woman.  :-(
This place is wonderful, we had an updated room with a pool view. It's been quiet and beds are comfortable, towels are fluffy and soft, the only thing I wish they had was a coffee maker, but it's ok, cause you can get coffee anywhere! 

Wonderful experience!
Stayed in Monte Carlo Tower, rooms were very spacious and has a vanity and small fridge. Pool is huge. Tubs and shower are big. Has iron but no coffee pot :-(
I went here for a locals meetup mixer at the pool on May 5th. I wasn't overly impressed with the pool. They put rose's lime juice in the margaritas... Ew. 

The blackjack dealers inside were less than excited to be working here. I don't think I will be heading back anytime soon...
Here name was Lola...
She was a Showgirl...
That was many years ago 
When they used to have a show....

Copacabana (  Barry Manilow)

The Riviera ,much like Lola where in their heyday ,they wereThe toast of the town. The Riviera, being the first hight rise hotel buit on the Strip.
  Now she stands quietly in the shadows cast by her newer additions that shimmer in the footlights of the Fabulous Las Vegas STRIP.
I don't think I would return here. I booked through a travel site and thought it was a great deal until I got there and they told me I could only have an old, non-updated smoking room. Just so you know, non-smoking is an upgrade you will pay for. By the end of, I spent more here than I would have at a nicer hotel. The rooms were decent in the tower I upgraded to but it didn't feel like an upgrade so I'm terrified to think what the other rooms are like. 

Do yourself a favor and book elsewhere.
A cheap has-been. If you're coming to Vegas to gamble and this is the best hotel you can afford, you probably can't really afford to gamble. Think about that. 

Anyway, I'd give it two plus stars for being a decent, if sad, budget option, except for the bait and switch tactics the Riviera uses to lure those hotel shopping online: the base rate quoted on the travel sites excludes the $15/night resort fee AND is for a SMOKING room. "Upgrading" to a less gross nonsmoking option is an additional $22/night. So we're talking about a difference of $37/night between the online rate and the rate you actually have to pay.

Other than that, the rooms are decent but old, clean but shabby. The staff is neither friendly nor hostile but again, it's a cheap hotel. In a small town in the middle of the windswept prairie, this sort of hotel might pass for decent, but in Las Vegas this relic has long been overshadowed.
Never going back. Got to our room broken pieces of hard candy on the carpet and on the shower nob, hot cheeto on the side of the night stand.
TERRIBLE.  I have stayed here a few times and my room was upgraded  to Manaco Tower ( its what I payed for anyways) and this time they SCREWED UP and did NOT give me the room I paid for. They gave me a SMOKING(I don't smoke and specifically asked for no smoking) and gave me in the old towers. 
What can I say. These rooms suck. The new towers are OK. But these are horrific. Mold in the bathroom, bath tub is filthy, and the mattresses are extremely uncomfortable. I complained to "manager" ( ANNETTE) and she was rude and acted like she doesn't care. What kind of service is that. I mean I would get better service at motel 6 I'm sure. 
Either way they lost a continuing customer and will not ever return here, even for a free room. 
Save yourself the trouble and DO NOT stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chain reaction due to flight delays.  Our room (that we reserved) was given away.  We were put up in a temp room for one night.  Then we got stuck in a garage elevator.  To top it off, the hotel layout was confusing.
Got it for $14 a night on hotwire! Low minimum tables, friendly staff, clean rooms. You can't beat the riviera for vegas on a budget.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!!
Haven't been here in years, but of shit! Filthy dirty!! 
Before you book this place BEAWARE!!! 
Rooms are filthy, had to change room 3 times before I got a clean room! 
Management doesn't care at all!
My girlfriend and I stayed here because it was the host hotel for our tournament.  Nothing went right.  We were not given the room we had reserved.  The staff was rude, our room was disgusting.  Hole in the "popcorn" ceiling, white stuff on a chair and yes it was what you were thinking.  Absolutely disgusting.
1 star. My girlfriend and I bought the groupon for this trip a couple months ago and finally used it last week. We booked our hotel room and got our reservation at the Riviera. What a mistake. Not only were we greeted by an unfriendly and unhelpful staff, the lady actually is yelling to her co worker behind the counter about how we are slowing everything up and now she can't go on her break. We got there and they didn't have our reservation!! What the hell!
Rooms were very very small, no coffee maker, and when we checked out they charged us again for our rooms, we had already paid for them prior, when we called, they were very rude and did not want to return our money. Would never go here again
Ok James Bond fans. This is the hotel that was used for the interior shots of the Whyte House in Diamonds Are Forever. Unfortunately it has been redone so many times that it is almost unrecognizable. But try your hand at the craps table anyway, maybe Plenty O'Toole will give you a hand. Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This hotel really needs to step up its game!! First, I called a week in advance to ask how to add a person to the reservation. They told me to call the booking company and they would take care of it. I did just that, and even double checked a few days before. When my friend arrived at the hotel before my flight even took off, they would not let her check in! Assuming it was just a mix-up, I called the hotel and politely explained the situation. They indicated that we'd have to have hotels.com fax them a confirmation. I called and had that done, waited the half hour that was requested, and then called back. Meanwhile, my best friend is standing in the middle of the hotel with all of her bags just waiting. By the time I finally got a hold of a person, it had been over an hour since the fax had been sent. The guy on the other end of the line told me that the fax hasn't been received. I asked him if he could go check the machine or the e-fax system. He said, and I quote, "Ma'am, that's in another department, and they don't have a phone."  What the actual hell? Is this 1905? What department doesn't have a phone!? He told me they receive thousands of faxes a day and it would be two hours at the very least. (I'm imagining two people in a windowless room in a tower with no phone furiously trying to read all the faxes) 

Called back, asked for a manager, miraculously the fax appeared.

TL;DR: crappy customer service, chinsey hotel, grouchy dealers, adequate room. Would not stay again.
DO NOT COME HERE! WORST HOTEL/MOTEL EVER!!!! 
Horrible. Filthy. Worst customer service ever. Casino has literally 20 machines. No live dealers. This has been the worst hotel experience ever in my life, or should I say, Motel? I arrived at Riviera around 11PM to check in. The Valet guy was rude... 

Whatever, I just wanted to get into my room. Getting there, the clerk said we didn't specify which room my husband & I wanted so he would give us a smoking room with 2 queen beds. I didn't want to get a smoking room so I was willing to pay $20 bucks to upgrade to a 1 King size bed & no smoking. The clerk says, "I'll upgrade you guys to the new tower." -- in his mono-toned voice btw-- so any way, we get up to our room I thought this was a joke. It was worst than the local LA QUINTA. This is upgraded???? The room was HUMID, the fridge was broken, one of the lamps was also broken (button was gone) and the thing that got me the most was the HALF USED SHAMPOO bottle without a conditioner or hand soap to offer (which is what NORMAL hotels give you) OH and there was also a dirty hand print on our table. There was also a paper that says, "This room has been cleaned by..." and no one signed it... lol.... hmmm.

I am an easy going girl, really, but this was outrageous. Half used shampoo? Really? Could've refilled it at least so I wouldn't know :p anyways... I went down stairs and ordered to get my money back, (so about 15-20 minutes have passed now) the clerk went to the back to talk to his manager.... he talked for about 15 minutes, comes back out and does some typing on the computer.... then he says, "m'am we would refund you your money but it says you have been in the room for past 30 minutes." -- ARE YOU KIDDING ME? It takes at least 5-10 minutes to walk from the front desk to my hotel PLUS I've been standing there for 15 minutes waiting on him and he KNOWS that, and that's basically what I told him. He then goes to the back again and the manager comes out and instead of being NICE and comforting the customer.... no.... she acts like a total ... B....  ok so all this arguing goes on and she does not want to refund the money nor does she make me feel better (customer is supposed to always be right...) 

So FINALLY I demanded a different room AT THE LEAST... and she gives it to us.... so when we are heading to the room, we ask a different hotel clerk that checked us in the first time where the nearest rest room was and THIS A---HOLE says, "I'm off the clock" and just keeps walking... seriously dude? Just POINT your hand in the right direction!!! Nope... we should've known... shouldn't have wasted our time asking any way.... 

We get to our room, it's still disgusting but HEY at least my shampoo bottle isn't half used.... OH LOOK our lamp AND fridge works (even though it sucks lol) OH and the most important thing... the service card (whoever cleaned the room) WAS SIGNED!!! lol.... but yeah this place was horrible... USUALLY customer service HELPS make up for any mishaps but not here. That's probably why you would never want to stay here. You can pay the same price and stay at the Platinum hotel... I stayed there after this place and it made up for EVERYTHING!!!! Then again, I'm sure any other MOTEL would be better than the Riviera.

LONG description but this was a horrific place and I want it to be known!!! 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE WE DID!!!!
On 28 June 2013 I checked into the Riviera Hotel and casino until 5 July 2013. After being placed in a downgraded room because my room wasn't available I got settled into room 3533. 
On 30 June 2013 I went to turn on the floor lamp inside the room and I got a very powerful electric shock. My right hand and arm has very little feeling other than tingling now. I reported the incident immediately to the front desk. A security guard came up to my room and I filed an incident report. She assured me that Risk Management would call me. She took the lamp and told me maintenance would replace the lamp. The lamp wasn't replaced. After going to the ER I was diagnosed with Electric Shock Injury and was told feeling may never come back. I tried calling risk management every day. Finally after 2 days I went to the front desk and demanded to speak to someone regarding my injury. The manager, Debbie, came up and offered to refund my resort fees totaling $115.00 to make up for me losing the feeling in my arm by their faulty equipment in the room. They then upgraded me to the room I was supposed to have the whole time since I paid for an upgraded room. On 4 July 2013 housekeeping came to the room around 11 am. I told her I didn't need housekeeping and she said "ok" and walked away. We left the room around 1:00 and returned around 2:30pm. Upon returning to the room none of the 4 keys we had worked. I went down to the front desk and they gave me 4 more keys. I went back to my room and those keys didn't work. I went back down but this time to the bell desk. I explained what happened and how I already got 4 new keys. He said he'd help and he followed me to my room. His key didn't work. He said something had to be wrong with the lock or mechanism so he left and went to engineering. 30 minutes later 2 security guards (1 male in a black suit and the female security who originally took my injury report) arrived at my room. They told me I was locked out of my room because housekeeping came in to clean and saw my BB gun I had in my room. He told me firearms aren't allowed in the building. I had kept my BB gun in my safe which I kept locked. I told the security how I had told housekeeping I didn't need service earlier. I also told him how my BB gun, which isn't a firearm because it does not use combustion to fire a projectile instead uses air, was locked in my safe and asked how the maid saw my gun and also why was she coming back after I told her I didn't want her in my room. He then told me I was to leave the premises and was banned or "86'd". It took security an additional 30 minutes to get into my room because the door wasn't unlocking. The security guard kept trying to egg me on and asking "Do you have a chip on your shoulder?" "Are you mad?" "Why are you mad?" He had to be asked to leave by the other security guards because he wouldn't stop egging me on. Once inside I saw my safe had been pried open, my BB gun was sitting on top of the safe and the do not disturb sign that was on the door was sitting next to the safe. All the money I had in the safe was taken. I requested to file a report and I was told Risk Management would call me Monday. They never called. They didn't refund me for my extra night stay. I filed a police report with Las Vegas Metro Police. I will never stay at the Riviera. I will never recommend anyone, not even my worst enemy to stay at the Riviera Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!

Attached is a video taken while security tried to fix the door the broke.https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151779810399913&l=1311073713539322341
I went to the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas with a friend several months ago and had really nice room. Upon my check in this time Iwas asking about my room being the same as before because this made me so happy. I was told that the tower that I would be staying in was not at all like the one the last time with my friend. I asked why they dont explain that the rooms on the internet at the great rate are just the "old" rooms that look like the 80's. I have two rooms and I am so embarresed I suggested staying here when I could have just gone accross the street to Circus, Circus for the same price. I will never recommend this hotel to anyone.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Bottoms up Black Jack on the Weekends.  Great Game.  Great time.  Great Pitt Boss, Dealers, and Waitresses.  Never stayed there but will always visit and usually lose money elsewhere with Wifey for Bottoms up up up up.
This hotel depressed me. . .

It has potential but there are just so many things wrong with how it is run.  My biggest issue was the lack of up keep.  The Casino, lobby, front doors and elevator were dirty throughout our weekend stay.  Finger prints, garbage, scratches, scrapes---it was really hard to look at the place on our way up to our rooms.  The check in process was inefficient.  They have one line for all needs and this one line moves ultra slowly.  When we checked in we waited in a long line and as we came and went we frequently saw an extraordinary long line.  They a few elevators that serviced all floors (not one for higher and another for lower floors) so the elevators were always very full.  

The rooms:  Were surprisingly nice.  We almost left after the check in process because we were so horrified but the rooms were nice!  Up to date, clean, spacious.   We were shocked!  The pool was okay---very loud could hear it from our rooms in the afternoon hours (or power nap time!).  

The location isn't bad.  It's close to the monorail, near the North hotels.  A quick cab ride from everything but the ascetics and cleanliness needs major work! 

I don't plan to stay here again unless they step up their game.
We stayed here this weekend because it was affordable and close to the other people we were spending time with. Our favorite part was the British style pub in the casino area because they had 99 beers to choose from, the staff were awesome, and the food was good. Our hotel room was clean and basic, the bed was comfy. For the price the room was good. 

The problem is that it is run poorly. At check in time, there was a huge lineup that didn't move. It took us 40 minutes to check in. They had about 3 staff checking everyone in. Also, they made us pay a $100 damage deposit which will be returned to the credit card 3-5 business days after check out. Upon check out, we were informed that there was a $30 service charge for staying there and that we should have read the fine print when we checked in.

The place was a little run down and drab but for the price that didn't bother us. We won't stay here again because of the sneaky charges and long lines in a lobby with almost no air conditioning.
This place has a very bad reputation apparently but I don't see why. I stayed 3 days, 2 nights and really enjoyed it. I liked that it was a bit secluded from the others but still easy walking distance. I liked that it was also a bit smaller but still had everything the other higher end (and way over-priced) hotels have. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and spacious. The buffet was very yummy and had a nice variety. The parking wasn't overwhelming like the other hotels. And the casino was good too. People are saying there aren't any live dealers but I think they're smokin' something because I played black jack, roulette, AND craps with live people. They were very helpful too. The front desk was nice and all the workers in the casino were very friendly. 

The only two bad things were the dusty alarm clock and the $30 "resort fee" that I was never told about until I checked out. All in all though I enjoyed it and would definately stay again!
stayed here for free as part of someone's bday package, and yet i still find myself with room to complain. thats how bad this hotel is.

the one thing i distictly remember is having to drunkenly sleep up on the A/C because it works so poorly. here i am all inebriated and such, and this piece of crap cant blow cold air to save my life! hot room, but at least i had a nice view of the pool. 

the casino itself sucks. lifeless, dead, not exciting at all. i thought this was vegas people! i've stayed at better hotels in the middle of nowhere...where was our coffee maker? 

the beds were comfy, but at the end of the day, our room became known as the place we go in between getting drunk...as opposed to the place we go to relax, recharge, and refuel. 

P.S. check-in was horrible. they seriously made us wait hours to check-in, via some company mix-up. apparantly their email service is super slow and they didnt have our info ready when we arrived. avoid this place, unless u seriously cant afford another spot.
Location not the best. Seems to have an older crowd.

Penthouse suite was beautiful
In Atlantic City this would be a solid 4 stars, believe it or not. However, compared to what's happening south of the Riviera on The Strip right now, meh.

There are a couple of things to note on the good side- 
the slots are never crowded and neither are the table games
the crowd here is as unpretentious as you can get 
the history of the resort is hard to match- Dino used to be a part owner and Liberace was the headliner here shortly after the doors opened for the first time. Frank Sinatra had one of the rooms in the Monte Carlo Tower remodeled to meet his tastes during one of his runs. There are a few exhibits of the heyday of the Riviera near the Monaco Tower including a great photo of Elvis and Jerry Lee Lewis onstage together.
rooms are cheap
Peppermill is right next door

On the bad side-
it's dated inside...from the way it's decorated to the way it's operated
unless you can appreciate "Old Vegas" you won't think you are getting the Vegas experience here

Some new developments are underway nearby which may force the Riv to update and upgrade in order to stay relevant. For now, they are firmly in the 70s & 80s in terms of style and it's not even good enough for hipster irony right now.
I guess its not bad, we checked in and were given a smoking room because they had no others, we were not thrilled about that, but they said they were fully booked. After getting to the room I decided to call the front desk to ask if we could have a 12pm check out, I called from the room phone and after 15 minutes of no one answering I called from my cell phone as well and waited and finally someone answered after about 25 minutes, and they did let us check out at 12 but still if its pretty busy day I don't see how no one could have answered the phone a little quicker just to answer a quick question.
You get what you pay for and the Riviera is no exception.  The Casino is definitely dated but doesn't feel as dingy as it could.  The rooms are comfortable and the pool is decent.  Worth leaving the property to find good food.  The walk to the strip is fairly quick too.
I try to make it out to Las Vegas once a year. I've stayed at many of the strip hotels before, but the Riviera has been my default location for the last several visits because I think it's an excellent value. Just a couple things you may want to consider before you read on: I tend to go to Las Vegas over the summer during the week, and I'm extremely low maintenance when I'm at a hotel. All I ask for is a mattress, running water, a television and a roof. If the janitor's closet has those things, they can put me in there and I'll be happy. 

Check in at The Riviera is normally a piece of cake.  From the moment I walk into the lobby, I'm on my way to the room in about five minutes. When I was there this past June, I had to wait in line for about fifteen to twenty minutes before I could check in; and had I gotten there later, I probably would've waited about twenty more by how much the line grew. If you think that's bad, keep in mind that in hotels like The Bellagio I've had to wait up to five hours for my room to be ready. 

The standard rooms vary in appearance. From my experience, the rooms in the Mediterranean Tower are the older looking ones and those in the Monaco Tower look like they were renovated in the last ten years. Their contents are the same. All have a bed, a lounge chair and ottoman, a desk, a television in a cabinet and a full bathroom in 500 square feet of space. That sounds okay, right? Do you know what a standard room at, say, Caesars Palace has? Exactly the same thing. The furniture is more modern looking, sure, but you're not getting anything extra except an additional $300 on your bill. If an ultra sleek looking room is worth that much to you, then got for it. To me, that's just a gimmick that I'm not going to fall for.

Regarding the reviews of people saying their rooms were dirty: luckily, I have yet to experience an unsatisfactory room at The Riviera. And I check, too. Whenever I go into a hotel I always check the corners of the mattress for bed bugs. Of course that doesn't mean they're lying, it just may not be as prevalent as you might think. Here's my take on it: First, many times when people say "dirty" what they really need to say is "worn." It's a hotel; that sort of thing is going to happen. And second, this is the Las Vegas strip, one of the most touristy places in the country if not the world and also one of the most putrefied. I don't care what hotel you're staying in, with all the scumbags coming in and out, there's a good chance that glass bottles have been broken, vomit has been expelled and hookers have been penetrated within and/or on the walls of your room. We try to ignore this reality whenever we vacation down there, but it's nave to think that stuff doesn't happen. Some hotels are just better at hiding it than others. 

The reason for the lack of concealing their lecherous past might lie in the casino itself. I first went into the Riviera casino in 2003. It was as busy and noisy as those casinos on the center strip. And why wouldn't it have been? Back then this part of the strip was flooded in flashing neon lights from all the famous old casinos. If you wanted to know what the Las Vegas of the 60s looked like, this is where you came. Today, all but one of those neighboring casinos are gone and this part of the strip looks about as lively as the desert surrounding the city. Inside the casino is no different. Nobody's playing, therefore nobody is spending any money. Why not? Nobody has any reason to come this far north anymore. For many people, the strip might as well end at The Encore. It seems that those geniuses who tore down The Stardust, The New Frontier and Westward Ho forgot to build something else in their places. Until that empty space is occupied, people will continue to miss out on what I believe to be the last standing old timey casinos of the strip. No frills and no silly themes. Just good gaming. 

The Riviera has all the amenities of the more popular casinos such as a steak house, an excellent pub, a pool that goes deeper than four feet, a great value comedy show and a food court, but being so far off the beaten path makes it a victim of circumstance. Hopefully this place can keep its head above water until the north end of the strip livens up again. But stay here while you still have the chance. I've always had a great experience, and even though you're not in the middle of all the action, the only thing keeping you from there is an eight dollar 24-hour bus pass. Seriously, what's not to like?
Really enjoyed my stay. Old time Vegas attitude. Not super crowded and my room was large and clean. Enjoyed the buffet as well. In my opinion, the best value in sin city
Stayed her for only one night, was in town for the Les Miserables musical. Now the review is going to be all over the board! So lets see were it takes us?

First and foremost, I give it a 5 star just for it being a pet friendly hotel. Very hard to find in Las Vegas! They do charge a $25.00 pet fee, rooms are not that great! Right next to the pool. and all pet friendly rooms are smoking! I have seen a lot cleaner rooms elsewhere, but can not complain to much. 

BUT!!!!
Only reason why I we stayed at Riviera,
1) Closest pet friendly hotel near downtown, The Smith Center is in downtown!
 
I know, if we had stayed at La Quinta Inn. It would have be cleaner and far more better experience. 

Service at The Riviera was horrible, I tried calling before we arrived to see what time check in was! Took me more then 30 min to get a hold of anyone at the front desk! The hotel is more Pet tolerant then Pet friendly, very small patch of artificial grass gated area for your dog relieve area! Grass and concrete is very hot, water does not work.

The Riviera Hotel is well past it's prime, rooms are run down,  it's a good place for those bargain hunters! Located near the Stratosphere, in a area that as been trying to catch up with the rest of the strip.  

So, overall this place was OK! Might try somewhere else next time? But never know?
Our upgraded room was seedy. A few light bulbs out. Stains on the bathroom sink and counter but not dirt. The bed was comfortable. The sheets and towels white and clean. The bed covers looked too old. The room was fairly large. We requested two beds. Unfortunately they were doubles and not queen sized. The price was better than many and we stayed there based on Expedia reviews. We had already booked for the return trip so stayed there again. The room was much nicer. However, we will book elsewhere next time.
in one word, GHETTO came to my mind as I walked the casino floor.  I've never stayed here, but I've always have been enticed by the cheap prices on Vegas.com, but I'm glad I scouted the place.  I'd rather stay at LVH up the block.
Customer Service is really lacking. Room had no rags. Took them overnight to get me a toothpaste. $15 per night hotel fee forced on you, claiming it's for wifi and pool access. The halls were filthy as was the bathroom. If you're someone who just wants somewhere to crash and don't care, you can come here. Otherwise, choose somewhere else. No microwave for use in the whole hotel. R buffet has no takeout option.
I stayed on a rollaway for a night when a friend offered me a place to stay after I moved out of my house.  This casino is exactly how I remember it from like 10 years ago when I last stayed here.  Definitely good value to stay at the hotel, but not the best place to hang out.
The only reason I stayed at this hotel is because my husband is in a pool tournament and the APA pays for the room, otherwise I would NEVER stay here.

First, we waited for over an hour to check in and the rooms were overbooked. Guess what? We had to share a room with a single  king bed with another friend. Great!!
The room stinks, no microwave, no coffee maker. Shower is very short and we have to  duck under the water to get wet. 
Cheap toilet paper, sand paper thin towels, rough sheets, uncomfortable bed and pillows...
Oh, I forgot that even being prohibited to smoke in the rooms hall, the smoke smell is so disgusting!
Room service takes over an hour and most restaurant have crappy food and giant waiting line. 

I wish it was possible to give a 0 rate instead 1. Ugh!!!!!!!!!
Stayed here for 3 days and the stay was decent. Check in was slow because there was only 1 person working. The hallway was really dark and creepy. Finding the parking lot and valet was really confusing because we had to go around the building. I like the complimentary coffee but it comes with a resort fee of $15. The older valet worker was funny and helpful! He makes the place welcoming.
I like this hotel, especially they hv renovated the hotels... The casinos is start to become alive now... More brighter with lights, before it was just dark..and more restaurants in the hotel too.. So I like the improvements, and the rate is also amazing!!! The bed is super comfy, BUT..I notice one of my pillow case has holes on them!! WTH???!!!! Other than that... I love staying here! :)
The room was not clean by the time we cheeked in and we had to wait for someone to come and prepare it for us. The price is the only thing which is convenient to go for and nothing else. no service because the thousands of people at the entrance, but the fast chek in machines helps you to speed up the queue.
Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
The worst customer service ever by the front desk manager and reservation agent.   I went to check in, the manager told me that I was suppose to be there a few days before.  I told him that he was wrong and he went into the back room and a reservation agent came out.   The agent tells me that he remembered speaking with me about this reservation.   I almost died right on the spot, I ask him, you really remembered speaking to me out of all the people you speak too?  He said yes, I ask him what day did I call in, he said a few days ago.  I ask again, what day, he told me Sunday.   I started laughing because I was on a plane all day coming back to California from Hawaii.  There was no way I could have spoken to him as the plane didn't have any phones on board.   They ended up charging the 2 extra days on my bill, but then I spoke to the VIP manager and he got it removed.   I will never ever stay at this hotel again!  NEVER!!!!!!!!!
I have been to Vegas several times over the years and I have visited the Riviera before but this was my first time staying there.  First off they would not honor the room upgrade voucher that they sent me a couple days before.  Once we got to the room there was a huge stain on the carpet  right in front of our door.  Once we settled in we decided to hit the casino floor and we got stuck in the elevator for almost an hour and the fire department had to come and get us out.  It was so hot in there and I had to keep my girlfriend calm because she kept fearing the worst.  Once were were out the woman who worked for the hotel rushed us downstairs and had us wait at a table for about a half hour then came out and apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a couple of free buffets.  She was none too friendly and when I told her that being locked in a sweltering elevator merited more than a couple of free buffets she got even ruder.  The next day I asked to speak with the hotel manager and a woman came out to talk to us and said that she was sorry and gave me another number to call (Lacricia I believe)  I called the number and her receptionist said there was nothing she could do and tried to put if off on the elevator company saying that it was not the hotels fault because they did not own the elevators.  I asked to have the hotel manager call me and I never recieved a call from anyone else.  Our room never seemed to get cool and when I mentioned it to the woman at the front desk she brushed it off.  I didn't realize it until we were checking out but the floor in front of the air conditioning unit was all wet where I had my dirty clothes and some of the colors bled together.  Needless to say it was not a great experience.  I am still shocked at the lack of customer service and the fact that not once person called to follow up with any of my concerns.
Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
Come for a cheaper hotel option. Stay for [insert whatever reason here].

I picked this hotel mainly because it was a cheap. We were driving through Vegas and it seemed like a good choice. This place is not glamourous by any means. We stayed in the newer tower, which turned out to be just an average room. The older towers seemed to be the shitty part of the hotel. The stay was fine, but I was surprised that room service was open late night. It seemed like the whole hotel/casino became deserted after a certain hour. This compared to other hotels where shit is always happening. 

This place is very kitschy, but not in a charming or endearing way. You are constantly bombarded with famous celebrities that have performed there over the years. It became sad when you realize that there haven't been notable acts there in 25-30 years. It seemed like they were trying way too hard to say that they were once very popular. If they want to capitalize on their happening era in the 50s though the 70s they should just go all in with it. Don't use blown-up boring old photos of acts. Use original posters or reproductions of them. Have old music playing in the lobby. I'm not sure if they're trying to hard or not hard enough.
My boyfriend and i were very satisfied with our stay . 
Pros-
. It's only $64 bucks a night 
. It's right on the strip 
. They give you a coupon book that does give you alot of freebies 
. The staff are wonderful 
. The rooms are clean  
. Free tickets to the Comedy Club 
. $1 beers! 
. Pool is nice and clean 
. Taxi service is nice and orginized.

Cons-
. They do fill their rooms up fast so you may not get that king sized bed you wanted. 
. Try not to book near the pool if your a light sleeper they blast music at like 11 in the morning. 
. They don't have the best parking structure 
. No shampoo or conditioner! 
. The toilet paper is cheap. Lol. 

* I give this hotel a 3 out of ten cause you do get what you pay for. You don't go to McDonald's to get a steak. Personally I would stay here again. It was cheap, and pretty decent. : ) don't expect your room to be looking like Cesar's Palace . It's $64 bucks haha
This hotel was awful.  Rooms were dirty.  Toilet was broken.  Floors were dirty.  Dust was 4" thick behind the bedside table (which you had to pull out to find an outlet).TV was crap (not to mention no HBO). Cheap but so are better hotels in Vegas.
Compared to other Las Vegas Hotels:  3 Stars
For The Price:  5 Stars

For a Luxury Room (Note: GET a Luxury Room), we only paid about $30 per night.
That came with 2 free tickets to the Riviera Comedy Club which was HILARIOUS, free coffee every morning, and 50% off drinks at one of their bars.

The Room and Hotel were fine.  Nothing fancy, but not as bad as we expected.
Honestly we were pleasantly surprised there was a mini-fridge, working AC, plenty of toiletries, and a bucket for ice.  I guess it helps to have low expectations.  :-)

One thing: they never picked up their phone when we called, but their GM was incredibly responsive and helpful by email.  GeneralManager@theriviera.com

If you're heading to Vegas, short on cash, and don't plan to be in your Hotel for much more than sleeping, Riviera is a darn good choice.
I suggest to come on a week day. The room was only $30 for a clean, pretty decent sized room and on the strip (however we were coming back from Zion National Park in Southern Utah so any bed look decent compared to the desert floor). The only big complaint we had was the overwhelming smells downstairs but that's to be expected at every casino hotel. We ended up staying two nights and for the second day scored a coupon booklet that included free passes to one of the casinos comedy shows, free coffee, free bar drinks and a couple more things. The pool was nice but not CLEAN and full of sunscreen. Overall three stars but I recommend it if you are looking for a low priced stay, you won't be in the hotel much anyway?
When visiting Vegas on a budget, I normally stay at Bill's. However, it's undergoing renovations, so this time I decided to try the Riviera instead. The name of the game here, is VALUE. I stayed in the newer tower, and our room was clean and everything worked just fine. If you're like me, and don't spend much time in the room, that's really all you need. The staff were courteous, and I had no problems with any aspect of the stay. 

I will say that this hotel isn't in the best location...the cab rides to the better end of the Strip started to add up after awhile. But if you're partying at the Wynn Resorts, it's convenient. Bonus? It's next to the Peppermill! Forget Denny's...the Peppermill is what's up for quality drunk eats! I'd stay here again. You really can't beat it for the price.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.

For starters, this is a "value" hotel-casino, as well as a "legacy" hotel-casino. If you're looking to spend as little money as possible on The Strip without caring about cleanliness, luxury, or options. Yes, the neon display is the best in Vegas, but that doesn't take away from how far it has fallen.

Sure, part of it has to do with The Great Recession and how it has impacted Las Vegas developers in their quest to replace the Stardust, as well as Fontainebleu Las Vegas's complete failure as a hotel-casino. But what I would have done is focused on renovating the hotel to make it the same sort of stand-alone resort where you don't have to leave the property to enjoy all that Vegas has to offer. But, nope, they don't do that. They have a pitiful mall food court as,  err, a food court.

I do like the pinball machines and arcade games in front of the casino.

What I don't like is how they advertise the best table odds in Vegas, yet they have blackjack that is even money or 6:5 blackjack, if you're lucky. At least they display the table rules at each table. Also, it looks like it hasn't been vacuumed or swept in years.

Unless this place can clean up its act (pun intended), the Riviera is going to be a thing of the past.
When we checked in I requested an upgrade, all they had were double queens for my husband and I.  The clerk seemed relieved when I requested the upgrade, she said the upgrade would be a "much" better room.  She gave us an option of pool "view" or outside view.  I asked her opinion, the clerk said pool view would be much better.  Our room was nothing like the photo; it was 3rd floor, very dated, the view was the backside of the satellite dishes.  The casino was constantly under construction, and the information desk was absolutely no help with questions regarding activities outside the hotel.  We attempted dinner at the "Steak & Seafood" restaurant and found we could not get into the restaurant without a reservation(the restaurant was half empty).  When we arrived back at our room at 7:30 this evening, no set up(maid service).  I gave the hotel 2 stars because the room was clean.  This hotel has no ambience, very boring, the pool has dead grass around it....we attend conventions twice a year in Las Vegas and will not be returning for another visit to the Riviera
Don't go. The average price might be less but if you are in Vegas, you are there for some good hotels. Why will you go to riviera?? Bed is bad, showers are worst, its worse than a motel 6. It doesn't have any strip view, its too far from the nearest attraction. The Casino is too small. You don't feel Vegas. Rooms have a bad smell. Parking is too far. Nothing to see. Not worth for Vegas!!

After the owner comments, I wish i could have given it half a star less. This is how Riviera is, this is how their customer service is. Again.. DO NOT BOOK RIVIERA!! The bed, room, toilet stinks.. not clean at all..
You get what you pay for....I went to Las Vegas to attend a industry trade show so I stayed there because it seemed like a good deal price wise. I did the the tweet and posting thing because of the promise of a room upgrade and Vegas Strip views...I got neither.  We had to wait in line for an hour to check in, waited 20 minutes in line at the Banana Leaf Cafe the next day for breakfast because they were understaffed - when we complained to a manager he told us the staff was doing double-duty. The room we were given was musty smelling and the mold in the AC unit ended up giving me headaches and a sinus infection.  The pillows on the bed were old and worn flat, the shower was a joke. I was told a room change was not possible because they were sold-out. I will never stay there again.
Presents themselves as cheap and on the strip, but it is not the good part of the strip and was very crusty.  Stayed for 5 nights and I don't think I saw anyone there really happy.  The crowd is older, the rooms were functioning fine, but VERY dusty and dirty.  No good restaurants (but it is next to the Peppermill which is amazing).  The thirty dollars we saved was lost to having to take cabs to get everywhere we wanted to go.  It was a half hour walk to Bellagio/Ceasars area.  If you do end up staying get the bus pass, but it takes about an hour to get from the Riviera to the other side of the strip.  My recommendation would be to spring for the couple extra bucks and stay at a casino in the heart of the strip.  Or if you are looking for value stay downtown at one of the Fremont Experience casinos.
Worst hotel ever! I made a reservation requesting a non smoking room.  Upon check in I was told all were sold out and if I wanted a non smoking room I would have to upgrade to a luxury room.  I advised the front desk staff my girlfriend suffers from asthma and I have horrible allergies.  They would not budge on the upgrade price.  I asked to speak to a manager.  I was waiting for 20 min and one never showed up.  Horrible service! I'll never be back.
Good hotel if you just want a place to stay when you are in Vegas. Its location on the end of the Strip is convenient if you are into walking a bit. If not - take a bus, it stops right in front of the hotel. 
You can get cheap and ok drinks at the hotel bar & the room was clean!
Oh no. I bought that room that's the room you give me! Not say oh hey now it's not available but I can PAY to get an upgrade for what I ordered?! Wtf no keep my money ill go somewhere else.
Looser hotel
Why would I talk to management at 2am exhausted, cranky and just need a king bed?! I mean I am traveling with someone who is 6'3! It doesn't matter what your policy is if a customer is disgruntled then you say I'm sorry with a smile not an attitude like I just killed your cat... You seemed like a sad cat lady... 
(FYI giving an upgrade, discount buffet, or gambling credits doesn't hurt anyone to have a happy customer)
I have experienced better, actually.

I mean, just walking this place and you can feel something is missing. It for sure needs renovation.

It's really not fair. This place opened in the 50's and you can tell it's iconic and has had many stars and amazing people walk through it's halls.

However, time has clearly passed this place over. The carpets are stained and dirty, the casino feels outdated. Even the shows don't seem to call to me.

I've made a conscientious decision to plant my ass in the hotel where I'm staying at (that's the whole point, right?) throughout my weekend trips; and so I didn't linger anywhere and stayed put here.

Upon check-in, the clerk gave us the wrong room number. We had some girls come with us in a different room and they gave us another horror story of a rude check in clerk.

When I tried to watch TV, I kept fiddling around. Found the porn channel and they were charging over $12 to view it. No thanks. Internet porn is free. Thanks.

So after roaming the casino, I found a bar that seems to be the reason why I gave this place an extra star. $1 beer. That's truly something special to have.

As for everything else. The food court is dismal and one friend told me the service was horrible at the Indian food place. The Banana Leaf Cafe was horrible as well. I didn't even bother with any of the shows because none of them appealed to me, unfortunately.

The R Steak restaurant was the only saving grace here as well. The only gem to be found and clearly a reason for you to visit the Riviera.

The pool was pretty neat, up until I went by the 3-ft area with the stairs to climb out and found a bunch of debris and a floating Corona cup. Not quite cool.

To make matters worse, my final night I ended up taking a walk towards Encore/Wynn, a hotel who clearly over-shadows the Riviera by a long shot. Upon entrance I can spot a difference IMMEDIATELY. There were so many beautiful women walking around and even if you took that away, you had people walking everywhere, it got so full at one point that we  almost got lost in the midst of it all.

Their nightclub 'Tryst' has more swag than the whole of the Riviera combined. And I HATE the word Swag.

Finally going back to my hotel in the wee hours and I just felt deflated. No nightclub to speak of, no night-life. Just old folks gambling.

Which brings me back to my original notion. It's not fair that an older establishment like this should be compared to by other more modern casino's. There is a certain charm to this place that should be absorbed. Unfortunately, in this day and age, I don't think that's enough to stay on par or ahead of the competition.
The Riviera is going down the crapper faster than a rancid tamale the morning after gorging at a stalled Taco Truck in Pacoima, yet I can't stop staying here!

Just got back from a quick trip to Vegas to see Elton John at Caesar's -- one of the greatest shows I've ever seen in my life -- and as usual I booked at the Riviera for the rock-bottom-bargain rates and walked everywhere on the Strip.

Anyone who has stayed here in recent years knows it's a no-frills, shabby relic from the Golden Era, who's remaining time on earth is in countdown mode, but that in its death throes retains certain redeeming qualities: like a disinfectant smell reminiscent of State Institutions and Psycho Wards, cocktail waitresses who average 70 years of age and 70 inches of waistline, a food court that makes Burger King look like a 5-Star Michelin Restaurant and a 45-90 minute wait to check in, while 3 self-serve check-in terminals sit blinking idly next to the never-moving line, unused, with no Riviera employee informing anyone that they can be in their room in 5 minutes if they use one of them. The machines actually print the room keys.

On this most recent stay, the hotel sank 2 notches closer to the quicksand pit with one spectacularly-horrible change-for-the-worse, and one less-spectacular one.

(1) The spectacular one is: The charming poolside coffee shop caf is GONE!!! OMG how horrible, I LOVED this place. It was one of the only truly good things about the hotel. It now sits empty and abandoned. Today, if you want a casual table-service bite, you must enter a dank, dark, small, foreboding, repellent entity called "The Banana Leaf Caf" or some such name, which advertises throughout the hotel that you can order breakfast, burgers and sushi. The awful-looking bar right up front, surely drives most families with children directly away. It is open 24 hours and looks like it spends 23 of them nearly empty. The few people I ever saw in there looked embarrassed, avoiding eye contact. Maybe they were hiding from the Metro Police. I never tried it -- on principal.

(2) The less-spectacular bummer: The poker "room" is gone. It was actually just a couple of tables, but I like to play and now I have to go elsewhere. I'm sure I'm better off.

This poor, sad hospitality-remnant known as the Riviera is on life support...really it's more like hotel hospice care at this point. Yet, the rooms are o.k. enough to go to sleep in and then you can wake up, leave and pretend you're staying at the better places you walk to and actually spend time at and you'll save beaucoup bucks in the process.
You get what you pay for.
I chose this hotel because it was the cheapest on the strip.  
When I arrived, I was told that all the non-smoking rooms were sold out and I would be put in a smoking room.  I was not happy about this at all.  The person at the front desk told me that the room is the same, should not smell like smoke and the only difference would be ash trays in the room.  It seemed I had to put some sense into that woman and explain to her, "of course the room would smell like smoke, the smell would be in all the curtains, bed linens and carpet and I have strong allergic reactions." I requested to speak to a manager, the attendant left for 10mins.  When she returned, she explained that I would be upgraded to a petite suite, non-smoking.  Honestly, I was greatly appreciative and gladly took the upgrade.  The room smelled "old", like it has not been used in years.  The room had an extra sink near the bed and the water backed up a few times (but did not overflow) and left a strong sulfur odor in the room.  I did not report it, because I came to Vegas to see the sights not spend time in the room.  
Advice: Bring Lysol spray and your own soap
I would recommend staying at the hotel if you just need a place to sh!t, shower, shave and sleep, but not hang out in the room and on a budget .
Comic Expo. Big area, clean, nice employees. The parking area is pretty small, ad the nieghborhood certainly isn't the nicest, but if you're there for an event it's ok.
This was by far the WORST stay at any hotel I have ever stayed at. The staff was rude, the customer service was a joke and the stay horrible. Upon arrival, we were refuse Valet parking because I have an oversized vehicle and it wouldn't fit in the garage and the valet didn't want to have to walk 20 extra feet to the oversized lot. Then in going to our room after waiting in a ridiculous line with only 2 people working the checkin desk, we noted an unbelievably strong smell of Marijuana in the hall where our room was located - a NONsmoking floor. When I mentioned it to security, they said they would send someone and it never happened. Then I complained tot he manager (Phil) who told be that because Nevada was a medical marijuana state, they had to be "careful" how they handled it but would address the matter. When I asked about it being a nonsmoking floor, he explained that smoking marijuana was not considered smoking and therefore was ok to do on a nonsmoking floor - are you kidding me? Smoke is smoke. when we returned yet again to marijuana strong in the hall, we handled it by making a scene in the hall about people searching for drugs for sale - it never happened again!!!!!! The motor cycle rally coming in was obnoxious and rude - making a point to rev their engines and blare to radios from 12 AM to 5 AM in the hotel drive. When calling the front desk at 3 AM to have them go address the matter, they states that they were coming in for a Rally and could do as they wanted - which was rude to EVERY PAYING GUEST TRYING TO SLEEP! Then on my last day there, the elevators went down. It took 45 minutes to catch an elevator and I had to go up before going down. It was SEVERAL hours until they would allow customers to use the service elevators and because of the issues took 2 hours to get bell service. I will NEVER stay with this joke of a hotel casino again for ANY reason!
This review is for the comedy club only. I do not think they have their own page. However, they deserve to have their own. The comedy club is very fun, at least the night I went. The comedians were very funny, They don't compare to some of the greats, but the ones I saw warranted a spot on some of those short stand ups I have seen on comedy central. The show is also dirt cheap almost anyone could afford. As for the casino Rivera. If you are trying to decide whether to stay here or not. I would recommend not staying here as it is not quite close enough to walk to the strip, and the money you save will be paid for in cab fares. I would give the casino a 2.5 star. There are worse, but it is not quite good on location or luxury.
August- unclean filthy rooms. Promise of money off from room charges- fail 3 calls to get it solved.
October-rude staff, no notice of garage closing. Almost towed. Dirty rooms, and was overcharged on the room. Will never return ever!!!!!!
My friends and I stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheaper hotels in the area. As the saying goes you get what you pay for.   The beds were comfortable enough albeit a little small for 2.  When we arrived the hallway smelled like weed but the smell went away  eventually.  Housekeeping did a good job cleaning and left us an extra roll of toilet paper which was nice since we had a large group.   The room also had a safe which is a plus. Also the elevator from the parking garage started shaking going up,  it was a bit alarming.
You know, I don't give a lot of single star ratings. Honestly this is the first time i've wished I could give a no star rating. I've lived in CA for years, and made many many many many trips to Vegas as it's not far away. I've stayed in hotel all up and down the strip, state line and even off strip. 

THIS HOTEL is the WORST I have ran into.

Seriously... what gives? Some of the now gone hotels from just past stateline... that no one really stopped in were nicer than the Riviera. 

I'm guessing that this mighty giant has finally just gotten old and needs to be torn down. I mean, their main attraction is an act I remember from the 80s. They let the room Frank Sanatra sang in rot with nothing happening in it. The hotel itself isn't very clean, and over all it's just a really sad experience. 

I stayed here for over a week for a convention I was attending at the Riviera. I have to say I was not impressed with their convention space either. It was limited, and wasn't a huge fan. 

The only redeeming quality surprisingly enough, was the Buffet on site. It actually was pretty decent.
Dirty, elevator seems like its going to break. Crappy service. But heck u get what u pay for!
My room wasn't available even though I booked it 3 months + ahead of time. They gave us a smoking room instead and if we wanted something else it would have been extra money per night. When we got into the room, it wasn't that clean, the sheets had a couple stains on them, there wasn't a refrigerator nor was there a microwave. When I called and asked about it, they gave me major attitude and snapped at me even though I made sure to be polite and nice when speaking, regardless that I was upset. The sink didn't drain and neither did the bath tub. It seems like we got the last room available because it was on the far end of the hotel and was the very last one at the end of a really long smelly hallway. Called house keeping for more towels and soap, never received them. 

For two nights and three days it was only $124, which isn't too bad. You get what you pay for I guess.
So I booked this hotel Wed-Sat with my husband and some friends. We weren't exactly "on a budget" but last time we came to Vegas we were NEVER in our hotel room so we honestly felt it was pointless to pay so much for really just a bed and a shower. I started reading reviews.. a bit obsessively.. because I was thinking, "omg... I have made such a huge mistake... we should have opted for a place with at least AVERAGE reviews..." because lets be honest, these reviews are horrriibblleeee! Well whatever, I didn't cancel because I kept telling myself "we will never be in there. we will never be in there." We checked in at 6pm with Sherry, who was sooo sweet and extremely professional! So there's one thing that was already looking up-- then we got our room keys and the nerves kicked in again. So we go to our room... we open it.. and ta-da! NOTHING WRONG WITH IT!!!! Solid win. For $50/night? Honestly.. I have no idea why people even complain... Red Roof Inns by airports aren't even $50/night... military hotels aren't even $50/night! YOU ARE ON THE STRIP OF LAS VEGAS PEOPLE. A bit far from the popular hotels but it is definitely walkable.. and there public transportation. It was NOT "luxurious" but the room did not smell, it was not dusty (I am highly allergic, so I would know.), the bathroom was clean, there was a mini-fridge... tv had limited channels but again, we were rarely in there. We would wake up, hit up the casino bar to get in on the $3cocktails then head to Peppermill for mimosas with our breakfast.. which was next door. ALSO, the slot machines were pretty "loose." I ended up just playing slots to fund my food and drinks for the day lol! I won over $100 on a couple of machines.. my husband and friend always played the Michael Jackson one, I always went for wheel of fortune and got lucky almost every time. 
Ok, now here's the thing. I went to see my friend's room (who was in the "old" tower) to see if the rooms are consistent.. and they are NOTTTT. His room DID have a funky odor... carpet was beige so you can definitely see stains all over the place.. but the room was bigger than ours. If we had gotten that room, I probably would have gone back to Sherry to get a room change honestly... that smell was a bit too funky for my taste lol. I honestly think that if you are not checking in too late or going on a busy weekend, you will get a great deal. It seems like the worst reviews on here are from people who have late flights and check-in after all the "good" rooms have been given away. I would also suggest to ask for a room at the Monaco Tower if available.
Bottom line, I would MOST DEFINITELY stay here again. We would walk the whole strip during the day, stopping by bars to keep up our "buzz".. cab it back to the Riviera and get ready for the night and leave again. I hope this review was helpful, and I hope that those who are having second thoughts staying at the Riviera will have a little relief lol. Also, you get free tix upon check-in for the comedy show.. it was pretty funny, I enjoyed it. 

**side note, one of our friends lives in Vegas and he said the area is not that safe for a female to walk around by herself at night.. although that should be the rule anywhere.. be a little cautious. we were. 

**oh, and the night before we left we got foot massages at one of those Korean places nearby.... best.. decision... ever.......
I want to give this hotel a decent rating for two reasons. First, because the housekeeping staff was responsive and delightful and also because the "renovated room" I stayed in did actually seem to be recently redone and it was fairly clean. These two points are the only reason I am not giving one star, because everything else about the hotel was awful. The hotel lobby and attached casino were dirty, old, and rather creepy which, of course, attracted dirty, creepy clientele. There were never enough staff members at the front desk so the line was always impossibly long and I witnessed outbursts by rude guests on several occasions. This is not the place I would ever recommend coming for productive business trips or relaxing pleasurable vacation. Yuck!
Based on the buffet
Free if you sign up for a players card! If your in Vegas ride the deuce up here and have a free meal! The food was good considering it was free... Even the drink is included!
Surprisingly less bad than I always imagined. Parking is a mess, but that is true of most of Vegas. The  part of the hotel we walked through was well maintained and even made for some awesome pictures. We had been up there to attend a costume wedding, with a small pre-reception reception in the couples suite. The room was quite decent sized and reminded me of a time share. It had a great balcony with a view of the strip.

Overall, the time there was decent and I would go back.
For the price, this is a 5 star hotel. It's incredibly inexpensive, and the location isn't all that bad. Sure, it's the north end of the strip, but it is ON the strip, at least. Plus it's right next to Wynn and Encore, that's pretty cool.
As far as the casino, it's rather small and dated. But it is clean, at least, and there's plenty of air circulation. Drink service was pretty spot on. We did most our gambling elsewhere, however.
The room was surprisingly modern. Carpet, beds, TV, furniture all must have been replaced in the last couple years i'd guess. I was quite happy with it overall. Had a nice view of the pool, and a lil bit of the strip.
As far as bang-for-the-buck, this place is tough to beat
Zero stars!! By far worst hotel, service, and most disgusting place I've ever been too! This place is awful and the customer service is twenty times worse!! Never ever will I return!!
Heard this place was okay if you just needed somewhere clean and affordable. So when I spotted a discount deal for $55 nt that they were offering so I jumped on it. 
The catch however is that the booking was non-refundable. I thought ok no worries if I need to cancel they'll just credit me and I can use it next time I head to Vegas since I go there at least 6 times a year. Well I did end up needing to cancel but when I called I was told there wouldn't be a credit! So beware of discount deals from this place. It's at the very far end of the strip and not worth the attention if they can't accommodate potential customers.
The hotel has a very confusing layout. Had to go to the back of the hotel to mess around with the parking. The parking garage is very small and confusing. The lobby was like entering a set of a 1970s tv show. Mirror chandeliers and out dated carpet. The check in line was very long and they only had 4 people checking guests in. I requested top floor and only got 17! I received 5749. I said there was no way that the room was on the 57th floor because the building didn't even look like it past 20 floors. We walked to the elevators which are beyond outdated. Scratched and scrapped up gold walls and Mirrors, doors and floors. I looked at the wall of buttons to push my floor and it had numbers 47-61? With arrows and other room numbers. I pushed 57 which is where my room was.  Got off and the sign in the hall said 17th floor but all the other signage says 57 but clearly we were not 57 stories high above the Vegas nightlife. It is extremely confusing and makes no friggin sense. That's all I ever heard the other guests complain about. The room we got was a "luxury" in the "renovated" Monoco tower. "Renovated is an understatement! I think the last time it was update was in the 90's. The carpet on the halls was stained. The room doors are an old wood type very dark and ugly. The room was worse. It smells like mold as door are you open the door. The room was certainly not "luxury" nor updated. The bathroom was terrible. Ugly old 1970's yellow bathroom tile and shower and old outdated bathroom fixtures. The shower head was the worst I ever had in a hotel. Everything in the room was dirty. The rugs the ceiling in the bathroom stains on the carpet. The desk and the pictures looked like it hadn't been dusted in years! The windows were absolutely disgusting and dirty. The view was pretty good except the view of the ugly buildings and dumpsters but overall it was a nice view. The bed was pretty comfortable I was surprised. The fridge didn't work and we had to tell them 3 times to replace it and they never did! We came one night and there was absolutely no parking! All the garages were filled and even valet was full! The one night we did valet the car it took almost 30 mins to get the car. And they were very short handed.  I didn't have any change to tip on me except a large bill so I went in the hotel to front desk and asked for change and the older lady told me no and I had to walk to the casino which was on the other side of the hotel to the cage to break it. Really? You can't give me some change? I'll never come back to this place. The casino was horrible. They advertise $1 blackjack and only have it On 1 table! Really? And they only had 3-4 other BJ tables but the min was $25. Really? The slots sucked and so did the players club which gave me a. $3.00 crappy shirt for joining and spending all my money in their hotel. The restaurants suck and are fast food places. Please update it. You can still have the history and old charm if you just update the dam place! Absolutely the worst! Save your time and energy and stay and play somewhere else!
If I could give zero stars, I would. We were looking for a deal for a last minute trip to Vegas. For $88 a night, The Riviera was the winner! We checked in and asked if there was an upgrade and they showed us pictures of the newly renovated rooms. For the price of the upgrade, it seemed like it was totally worth it! We made it up to the room and opened it... And we were sorely disappointed. The room was a little bigger than the normal, but there were 2 full beds (not even queens), no couches (like in the pictures shown to us) and it looked like the decor from the late 80s/early 90s. In the morning, when we took showers, the shower head was broken on the side so when I got out of the shower, there was water EVERYWHERE. After we came back to the hotel, our beds were made and we got new towels but the housekeeping service was bad. There was donut pieces on the floor left from the day before, they threw our complementary toiletries on the counter and they didn't throw away our trash! I mean, come on! All we did the whole time was complain. Broken drawers, bad sheets, horrible pillows. Needless to say, we will never go back to the Riviera again.
Maybe we just lucked out, but my friend and I have had a great Veterans Day weekend here at the Riviera. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient. Valet guys were cheerful and willing to help with directions. Even called us by name when we returned. Room in the new tower was spotlessly clean, beds very comfy, smoke free and fridge as promised. Pool was closed but we learned that's pretty standard this time of year. The filets we had at R steakhouse were wonderful, and the free comedy show was entertaining. Yeah, the place is dated but we had no complaints. Maybe it's karma. Being nice to people never hurts.
Not terrible for the price. Our experience is best summed up in a list of Pros & Cons.

Pros:
-Wicked cheap! If you are looking to go to Vegas on a budget and don't plan on spending a ton of time in your room (who would in Vegas?) it's worth considering.
-Comfortable beds.
-Great fitness facility - equipment is new and the view from the 12th floor location is great.
-Good restaurants on site.
-Freebies! We received a coupon book with some great discounts to shows and restaurants on site as well as two free tix to the comedy show which was awesome!

Cons:
-While they play up the retro/classic angle quite a bit the hotel is old and outdated. If you are looking for a new hotel or a themed experience (a la a Luxor for example), stay elsewhere.
-The bathroom in the room is pretty tiny. Really. Like peeing in a closet. I had to shut myself in and sweat it out while blow drying my hair because otherwise my elbow was hitting the door.
-Parking is a big issue. We had a rental car and drove to several casinos while in town, not having any problems parking in any of their garages. It might be beneficial for the Riviera to look at expanding their garage or designating it for hotel guests only. After spending a day out and about the Vegas area I was incredibly annoyed that as a paying guest upon my return I had to go and park in the convention center's ramp and hoof it back to the hotel after a long day. The Riviera's garage and all adjacent lots were completely full. Well, at least we thought it was full. Although parking attendants were directing traffic away from the garage, it appeared that there were plenty of spots open outside of the valet area. 
-Your Do Not Disturb sign means nothing. When staying at a hotel, unless I plan to be there for five days or more I usually forgo maid service. This particular trip we were staying only three nights, so I set out our Do Not Disturb sign. On our last night there we arrived back at our room to find our Do Not Disturb sign missing and our room "cleaned" (I use quotation marks because other than the beds being made and clean towels being put out it really hadn't been touched). Not only that, but we requested late check out (noon) for the next day and then had a maid walk into our room at 8 AM! Then again right at 11! This is the situation I was least happy with. Be advised that your Do Not Disturb sign is not a guarantee and anytime you are in the room it's best to put the chain on the door. I was going to discuss this with the desk upon check out, but the line was so long that we simply dropped our keys and left. 

If not for the parking and the issues with housekeeping I would have given Riviera three stars. Overall it's not bad for the price - great if you are trying to do Vegas on a budget, but don't expect a perfect experience.
If you can get the upgraded rooms go. If not pass. The upgraded rooms look and sleep nice. The older ones are shabby. i would avoid them. This is a nice cheap hotel north strip. If you are on a budget i would check out prices here. They are uaualy on the inexpensive side compared to others.
Worse Customer Service PERIOD! Never come back here again! From front desk to Manager they are all rude. We got the luxury  room booked with 2 double bed. They gave us King bed and my mom end up sleeping on folding bed. Talk to the manager if she can move us to another said NO. Once you get a room, you will never able to move to another room. When we got in the room, the bath tub has 2 long hair! DO NOT BELIEVE the Hotel Amenities: saying they have Sauna, Steam room. NO,  THEY DO NOT HAVE THOSE. I would recommend downtown hotels or the expensive hotels.
Came down here for some gambling on a recent trip and had a great time.  The staff was incredibly friendly, and I got a free t-shirt.  The only thing was the first time I came in, the heat was almost unbearable!  I came back the next day and was fine.  Played some blackjack and won a ton of money, which was good.  They have a few good blackjack tables, watch out for the 6:5 blackjack, they're awful.
So much for the idea of seeing a show, it was more like listening to a show. DO NOT SEE SHOWS HERE!!!!!
I can't even begin to describe this evening...  First, our reservation was cancelled by the internet company we booked with....  Luxury rooms in the newly renovated Monaco Towers ---  hmmm...  That was the first scam.

Then, given a room, opened the door only to find it occupied.  No sorry, but moved to another room, with a promise they would be calling security.

Get into the room, tired, worn carpets with quite a bit of dirt... But topped off when we discovered "semen" stained sheets.  We will be moving tomorrow,,

Stay away!
The Riviera hotel in Las Vegas has been the worst experience I have ever had in Las Vegas... The reservations clerk was friendly and made arrangments for a "pet room" so we could bring along our injured cat. When we arrived to check-in, they refused us a room and told us that cats weren't allowed on the property. When I told them that I had been promised (and booked) a room several days in advance and had been given assurances that my room would accomodate my cat - the front desk manager got rude and snotty with us, refused to discuss/assist us and refused to let us talk to a higher up.  This is unacceptable and I am amazed that not only is it a run down dive, they have no concern whatsoever about the guests that provide their income nor do they have any integrity whatsoever.
I highly encourage anyone with pets (or without for that matter!) to go across the street to Circus Circus or to the nearby Hilton.
Over the last two years, I've gone to Las Vegas 4 times. I've stayed at the Wynn, Harrah's, Excalibur, and The Riviera. Obviously the Wynn is the most luxurious and newest and loved my stay there. Other than that, the Riviera has been my favorite. The staff member that checked us in was great, funny, and quick. We didn't wait in line long. 

Once we got to the room it was the perfect size. There was even a maid/cleaning staff person that greeted us and told us to contact her if we need anything. No staff member has ever done that at the other hotels. The bathroom was a little small but it was just right for two people. The only negative was that a hair was laying across the shower floor which was a bit gross. 

The casino itself is a little outdated but what do you except from a casino that was built in the mid 1950's? There were few food options. I will say that the worker that was selling pastries and coffee at their small kiosk near the back elevators was bit rude. I was standing waiting there to get a slice of cheesecake and she ignored me while she talked to another staff member. I left and went across the street to McDonalds where I got better service. 

I like the cheap price of this hotel and all the coupons they give you. It's not as packed as other casinos and it does not reek of smoke like Excalibur. If you just want a place to sleep and shower, this is the place. If you want luxury, go somewhere else.
Well i will say first off that I have stayed at this hotel before and I thought it was decent for the price and age. Is it a luxury stay as if you are in the big name casinos on the strip? No, but for the price it is not a bad place. The last trip to Vegas we got a Groupon deal which was nice. However; after watching numerous episodes of #HotelImpossible it has made my attention to detail a little better. Overall the room was clean but the cabinets and picture frames look as if they were not dusted in a few weeks or better. The bathroom was clean by a child's standard but it could have been done a bit better. Outside of that it was clean enough for me. The only other thing i would say is that when i asked for a few extra towels for the room i was challenged and given a hard time before receiving the towels. The casino was clean, but a dated and the drink staff were great. Would i go back? Definitely, it is in  a decent location within walking distance of other casinos and the convention center and the pricing is good.
I recently stayed here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I have to say that it is a great deal especially for being near the Strip. Although it is the strip, but not at the core, where the other megaresorts are at, however it is still a prime location to be near those resorts and different places to go have fun. The Riviera is in fact the oldest casino and resort on the Strip, which means the facilities are a bit dated. The hotel room was decent, but a bit dated. I guess the hotels need a bit of renovating and freshen up. I understand they may be losing money, but I guess if they can offer some good new rooms with some accommodations to keep prices affordable can be great. I mean $34 a night is not bad on the weekend compared to many places on the Strip that can charge a lot more. 

All I have to say is the price you pay is what you get and pretty much if you are looking for a room without the many amenities of the megaresorts, this is the place to go to. I actually liked this place and would definitely stay here again.
Service was great,rooms were clean,we had to call room service in order for them to bring us some more towels. They didn't clean the room while we were away on the strip which could be a good thing and bad thing. But overall great service. I'll only recommend that they put in iPod docks so we can listen to soft music while taking a shower or unpacking.
So, like any person plugged into the 21st Century I read all the reviews and was instantly nervous. But thank god I have a mind of my own.

This hotel is really cute, old fashion and has a lot to offer those with little to no expectations. 

My best friend  and I stayed in a deluxe suite, which was really big and nice, and also had a view of the strip. Although there was a hiccup with our reservation, I still give this hotel 4 stars. The casino was okay, I had fun in there.

Basically, this hotel is inexpensive, and cute. I think what makes it "trashy" is the people who frequent it.
Also, don't listen to the angred folks down below- if you want a Hilton experience then go to the Hilton.
Had two rooms: #3335 & #3338 in San Remo (old tower), no bed bugs. #3335 had ripped wallpaper, mold in bathtub, hard to press button on thermostat, door needed some luck to open, carpet is old, beds were comfortable, water temperature not controlled- hot water extremely hot, there is a duct tape on the side of the TV that's marked "good", there's no keyboard in room, beds are double not queens, same can be said for #3338. 
Pool had debris on the floor near shallow end but enjoyed their "beach party" feel of music blasting, wear slippers near pool concrete is extremely hot during day, perfect around 9am because pool is surrounded by hotel towers. Parking is confusing at first coming from Las Vegas strip because hotel registration is on back on paradise road.
1. Very easy to connect to wifi in room which is a plus. No wifi throughout the hotel though. 

2. Very big but dated room. My room had a old school thermostat, drapes, and a school-style toilet with x sinks. It had 1970's tile everywhere. Shower didn't feel like a power wash but could have been taller and stronger. I guess I got a truly classic Vegas room! 

3. Very good value for the money. Parking is a pain and check-in took forever but you get what you pay for. This hotel always has some of the cheapest rooms on the strip. 

4. No more buffet when you sign up for the players card! You get a free t-shirt instead!
I think if you stay there for free you're paying too much, another thing if you book 2 rooms together good luck you'll never get it in that place, and try to reason with the front desk and don't even bother asking for a manager to talk to, I think you better respect yourself a little bit more and go to a nicer hotel
Not memorable.  Across the street from the nasty filthy Circus Circus.  Nothing around it.  Nothing in it either.  Small casino that you get bored with quickly.  No valet.  Must be the only casino in Vegas without one.  Parking is far away.  Why would anyone come here?
Literally the saddest place on earth. Booked online ahead of time. Was told when we got there that our reservation was a "suggestion" and there were no king beds and no non smoking rooms. BUT! For more money we could get the room we booked- sans the king bed. Sigh. This place is at the end of the strip... There is nothing down here (besides the taco place- gordo?? Idk). I get that this place is historic, but that's no excuse. The rooms were awful, really a photo means a thousand words so check mine out. Listen. Just don't stay here. You're in Vegas... You deserve better baby.
I stayed here for 2 nights using Casablanca Express as my travel agent.  It was super cheap! I paid $25 (after all my stacked discounts) total. For the value, this definitely deserves 4 stars.

My experience: As soon as I drove into the parking lot I knew it was going to be ghetto. I mean, come on, the parking lot was hidden in the back and a guard was checking people. Anyway, I enter and there is a long check in line. I'm not complaining but it did take a while for me to check in. 

I stayed in the "new" Monaco tower. Overall my room was very clean and the hotel performed good house keeping services for me. There were no stains on the furniture or walls so that's good (I saw the white stained chairs in some yelp pics and that's why i'm mentioning it LOL). 

Pros:
-CHEAAAPPP!!!!!!!
-clean (Monaco towers at least)

cons:
-its on the strip, but not really (end of north)
-creepers everywhere 

I would stay here again only if I paid a price similar to what I paid for this trip. This place is a good place to just shower and sleep, but not to stick around and do anything else.
Stayed here the day before New Years with fiancee and sister and her fiance. The rooms were nice and average size. Bathroom was very small but we made it work, vanity was actually located outside the bathroom which helped when getting ready. The parking is hard to locate, going through the front entrance I went around three times (it was a bit confusing to get to the additional parking). The additional parking was located in the back of the hotel approx a block down. I like the old Vegas feel and this hotel has it... brings the history of Vegas to the strip. The staff was wonderful and very friendly. Very impressed with the attentiveness of the staff, even as waited in line to check in they were offering bottle waters with the hotels logo for your comfort as you wait to check in. There are no good places to eat at this location and walls are very thin and I could hear my partying neighbors at 3am. Other than that I love the 70s feel.
This hotel is old and needs a lot of refurbishing.  The The decor is very old and looks very 70-ish not a great experience!  There is hundreds of places you can stay and get a better experience, you can stay in your car and get a better experience than staying at the Riviera!
Ok, there are WAY nicer places to stay on the strip, it is for sure nowhere near a 4 star  hotel (though they do have 3)
BUT, we got a free stay, only paying the $15 resort fee, that alone was worth the almost 3 hour drive to Vegas.
The rooms were huge and very clean.
Service excellent, check in a breeze.
We didn't eat, drink or gamble at the hotel, there wasn't any options that stuck out as needing to try, but location wise it is not bad.
Across from the Circus Circus and next to the Wynn, which we went to for drinks that night.
I wouldn't go out of my way to book this hotel again, but should it be the cheapest on my next trip and I am looking to spend more time outside than in, i would not hesitate to stay here again.
Free parking close to the casino, great views of the Wynn and the strip from my window, I have no complaints other than it is dated.
Booked thru expedia for 20 bucks plus 15 for resort fee (bs) What resort? First of all we arrived early so got to check in early so that was nice, they gave us a room in th Monte carlo tower receptionist offered us an upgrade to a remodeled room for an extra 15, we declined because we were only there for one night we got lost going to our room because the lady gave us the wrong directions, the nice security guy by the pool gave us the right directions. The room was def. outdated but for one night and the fact that we spent our time out in the strip didn't have to be stuck in that room. Slept well (alcohol helped) loud ac. Will only stay here again if its the same price and I'm staying one night.
Came to the Riviera for CES and I have to say it really is a decent hotel for business travel considering how most of the time I was out working anyway and the location was a fairly short walk to the LVCC which was great since the shuttles had horrible lines and 40 minute waits. 

The staff was always friendly both at the 3am check in and during the morning rush to check out.  While the building is old,  the rate is fairly reasonable and the rooms are decent. 

If you want a flashy casino,  then definitely go elsewhere,  but for a great value, the Riviera is great.
The check-in time is ridiculous!! I've had to wait several times for over an hour to check-in no matter what time of the morning or night it is. All the kiosks are down. For the same price I won't come back I'll just go to Hooter's. They have absolutely no waiting times. 

This is simply unacceptable. I know your a classic Vegas hotel but get it together!
Can't beat the price and it gives you a feel of Old Las Vegas! Clean and comfy beds also. In addition the wicked Vicky tavern is awesome.  Friendly bartenders and good food!
After reading alot of negative stuff about the Riveria I was quite apprehensive about my stay..
  When I arrived I used the quick check in on the machine no problem, easily beating the line of people waiting at the desk. The room #3243 in the San Remo Tower was good clean and we got room service everyday. As for the parking I parked in the multistory walked to the elevator which dropped you off on the opposite side of the road to the entrance. The maximum you would have to walk was about 200ft to the elevator then across the road at the bottom. Checked out on the machine in no time. All in all a great stay I would recommend the Riveria. Cannot comment on the food as I did not eat there, I did get a coffee and bagel which was good.
I feel like someone's enjoyment of the Riviera will depend on what they are planning on doing in Vegas. 

I do not have a ton of money. Going to stay at a hotel on the strip, like the Cosmo, where I would long to stay is unrealistic. The Riviera is cheap and for my friends and I, that is its most redeeming part. 

The room is small, there is nothing to eat there, pillows kinda suck, and my coax in the TV was loose. Damn everything about the $15 resort fee. But at least it was a home base. For the purpose of attending the convention center (CES for me) it is perfect short walking distance. 

If you're going better places to gamble and eat, and dont mind tracking back to a less than idea room, then come enjoy the price of the Riviera. Its not miserable, and its far from great, but enjoy your time outside the room!
This is a true dump! The registration staff is as close to the bottom of the barrel as it get! I am only staying here because of a stupid convention I'm attending here. This place blows!!!!!! It deserves negative stars!!!
Great value and easy to base from in LV.  Lines for everything .  Here is a hint for increased revenue Riv.  Don't make people wait in 50' lines for coffee, water, dinner reservs and check in.  Dollars are just walking out the door
Absolutely worst hotel experience of my life. I mean it was cheap, but seriously?! It's glory days have come and gone and this place needs to be imploded already. No coffee maker in the nasty room so prepare to wait in line at the Java Hut to wake yourself from the horrible nights sleep you just got. This place is on it's last leg. Help to put it out of its misery by not giving it any of your money...
Holy bajeezus this place needs a better star rating!!! Sure its a clash of eras!!! Employees around the entire place can be hit & miss as far as attitude/service goes but all in all its probably the hippest secret in town.  I've met cooler people & seen a way younger crowd here then any of the over a 100$ a night places further up the strip.   

Riviera is about 35$ a night (book orbitz its 18$ with a 15$ fee charge once you get to the hotel.  100$ DEPOSIT though so be prepared. I wasnt and my family had to be emailed a credit authorization form - print- sign and send it back via email.  After that they charged everything to my relatives card and I was in  :) 

Be prepared to wait at front desk though.  Their defintly understaffed - I tried to call the front desk and waited for 30 minutes before I decided to just physically go down.  Make sure you find out what floor and by what room your nearest ice machine is when checking in.  There is a airport shuttle but call to schedule the day before too! Front desk gives you the # to call from your room 8-444-1234.  

Bell hop locked up my bags twice for me! Their out front of the main entrance at the stand.  Their usually busy so if nooone shows up ask the little desk to the right of the main entrance once your inside ( great place to ask questions like where is the lost & found too)

I tried all the reastaurants and their decent.  GF beer and cider at Wicked Vickys.  24 hour Indian food in the court.  Awesome happy hour apps & drinks at the Steak & Shrimp joint. Plus the casino bar has 2$ wells and 1$ drafts. Im a rum/pineapple person...  great deal in my opinion!!! 

Theres a SAFE,  Mini. FRIDGE,  a Vanity and Mirrored doors in my room (9th floor Mediterranean South tower) PLUS their toiletries are organic!!! Flat screen. Tv and decent climate control/water temperature/ water pressure.  

Everything and where is clean!!! I never use a places towels or bed linens without at least my own sheet on the bed.  This place I didnt even bother using my own.  
Theres definitly a clash of eras - my fixtures/ windows are 70s/ curtains 80s and wall paper 90s.  The carpet is new and the older casino carpet still looks new. 

Theres some wear & tear here and there - but seriously its still luxury at the cheapest price on the strip.  

Ok so service - the first front desk lady,  a barista at the banana cafe,  a wicked vickys waitress and a few bartenders at the casino where h o r r i b l e staff!!!  But I dealt with two other front counter people,  shrugged off the barista and didnt tip the servers (wicked vickys other floor server got mamagement for me & they discounted my ticket- super clash of eras here too) 

Moneygram is within walkin distance to CVS - walgreens is the opposite direction.  Theres a awesome arcade by the food court.  Subway & Mcdonalds across the street  Ill be back!!!
My allergies were acting up everytime we were in our room. We noticed black mold growing in the shower stall. Then we pulled the pillowcases off the pillows  and discovered a horrible surprise. All 3 pillows were so old and stained with yellow. ????? Called front desk and was told mgmt would be right up, waited 1 hour and no show. So we left and checked out.  It rained in Vegas and we couldnt believe how many leaks the hotel had.  Management really doesnt seem to care here !!!
They get 1 star because of the 1 concierge guy that was friendly, otherwise I would give 0 stars if I could.

Where do I start?

1) Check-in took us 1 hr. Only 2 people were working the desk and the "self check-in" kisok was broken.

2) Finally made it to the room and it was freezing bc the 1980's style AC unit was on blast. Annoying, but not a deal breaker. Not until we took off our shoes and the entire carpet was damp, like Stanley Steemer was just there. Gross, who knows what soaked the carpet. All our bags got wet along with our socks.
 
Attempt #2. They upgraded us to a suite (score!), and everything was seemingly good until I sat on the bed and something poked me. THERE WAS A SAFETY PIN STICKING OUT FROM UNDERNEATH THE SHEETS. Can you say safety hazard? Who knows if the needle was infected with something (hepatitis, HIV or something else?!). I'm praying it wasn't.

Can't get worse, right? I went to shower and to my surprise, some curly little black hairs greeted me from the base of the tub! Gag. 

Guys, don't stay here. Just don't.
So, the long and short of the Riviera is that it's inexpensive, the rooms are clean and reasonably well maintained, and it's near the convention center.  Other than that, it's not much to speak of.  I booked my room well in advance, and neglected to check the rates a few days before my trip.  As it turns out, the rate I booked was a bit higher than what was available the day I traveled.  The front desk was not willing to adjust my rate, and the upgrade they proposed was about $60/day.  Not a show-stopper, but it would have been a nice customer service moment.  

The property is right on the strip, but at the moment it's located in somewhat of a dead zone, since there were a few casinos nearby that closed, a few projects on hold, and not much else.  Location-wise, it's great for the convention center access, a 15 minute walk, but the fun doesn't really start until you get to the Wynn, which is a few blocks away.  

The casino is pretty run of the mill, and more something you'd see downtown these days in Vegas.  They have no poker room, which was a big disappointment. Apparently the nearest poker room was either the Wynn (expensive) or the Las Vegas Hilton, just off the strip.  

I only ate in the hotel once, at the food court, and it was pretty lousy.  They do have a steakhouse that is supposed to be very good, however.  The convenience store they have is pretty well stocked, so if you forget something, they probably have it.  They have a pool area outside, but nothing inside; the pool would probably be a nice option in the summer.  This brings me to the resort fee.  $15/day, basically for so-so WiFi access.  They promote "free" use of the in-room safe, local calls, and the fitness center.  Again...just like the airlines...stuff we used to get included is now a la carte.  They provide a coupon book with a number of things you can get for half off, BOGO, etc.  I didn't find them particularly useful.  

Overall, the price is good, and it's certainly not scary, but if you're looking to have an elegant time in Vegas, this place probably isn't for you.  It's a relic of the "old" Vegas, and unfortunately it just can't keep pace.  If this place were downtown, it'd fit right in, but on the strip I think it's just biding its time before someone makes the right offer and it's torn down and replaced with something a little more modern.
Welcome to Vegas, one of the most scandalous cities in all of the USA, woooo!!

I have crashed at most of the other hotel/casino spots in Vegas that are a bit more pricey but I don't know why this hotel has a 2 star rating, I had a goodass experience. The room was clean, they didn't have bed bugs or any nasty weird stains or any of that. I mean, yeah sure the closet is bigger than the restroom but that's not a big deal I guess. The staff was decent didn't have a good not bad experience. The slots did me good, I won $90 within a half an hour on the slots do that's cool with me. It's fairly close to a lot of food joints and little shops and not that far from old town Vegas. The crowd was a mixture of people so that was cool too. The pools were drained that is the only real negative I guess. Anyway, I would drop by if I was ballin' on a budget.
This is by far the best deal in Las Vegas. I am address to even stay at other hotels because I have seen rooms that are over 100 bucks a night that are way worse than the Riviera, which ends up being about 10 bucks a night, 25 after resort fees. Large casino, comedy club with the occasional big name headlining, crazy girls topless revue, good court, restaurants, and amazing bar. The rooms have pretty new showers, and nice big flat screen TVs. Compared to a lot of other hotels at the strip with old CRT televisions. The self parking is huge, as is the rest of they building, they also have a tattoo place, ABC Stores and conference centers that often have fun shows and the like. I only give it 4 stars because it isn't exactly luxury, but it is definitely the best value.
I have to agree with all the other bad reviews. 

1.)Rooms are super old, but maybe you need to request certain towers. Did check for bed bugs because me and my daughter were itchy. But didn't see any.
2.)They double charged and now is taking me 3 calls to get refund so I think I'll have to dispute with my bank.
3.)Check in needs serious help in what's called customer service :/ they told me to come back to check in when as soon as I left they were checking in other guest. So I stood and watched for 10min and every single person was being checked in so I sent my husband and bingo we were in. 
4.) Empty pool was a bit weird to me.
Regardless of it being winter you do have resort fees!
5.)all I can say is you get what you pay for.
In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.
The only way I would go back to the Riviera is to watch it get imploded to make way for another hotel. 

Here's why:
-Dirty, worn out, and tired (smelly!) Most of this hotel seemed broken. Elevator buttons, drawers in room, and perhaps my favorite, blood smeared on the wall of the walkway wall up to the parking. 
-Staff. They don't want you to stay there. At least, that is the impression I got. You are welcomed by a long line (I stayed for 7 days, and most of the time, the line was horrendous) Sure, other hotels have long lines too. But they generally have more than two staff working the front desk. I watched the people in front of me getting chewed out for asking about a tacked on fee, and I was next in line when I mentioned that I was disappointed that the internet didn't work despite paying a "resort fee" to use it. Reservation said it goes to pay for the internet, parking (which was PACKED) and some other crap I didn't use, but most of it wasn't working or available. Still, the $15 got charged. No apology or attempt to fix the broken internet.
-They ream you for EVERYTHING they can. You can't get to your room by being approached by a time share salesperson (they dont seem to learn) and even getting mail to the hotel (I forgot my license and had to have it shipped) had a $5 pick up fee. And, no, they don;t call you. 
-The hotel IS close to the strip, but its not a very comfortable walk there. Between the Riviera and the Encore there is a strip mall and parking lot that garners some less than favorable activity at night. Its not really a safe place to walk on your own after 10.
-Three classes of rooms, but they;re all crap in some way. I had a standard, and although it was outdated it was the largest room they have available of the three categories (per reservations) Unfortunately, the hotel lights shone right into my window. The luxury rooms are cramped, and the showers are AWFUL and don't get warm.
-Housekeeping does not understand the "do not disturb" thing on the doorknob. However, they are more than happy to make sure you do not miss the gratuity envelope by placing it in a new creative place daily. Just in case you don't notice.
-The pool is a joke. It was closed, but its small and very unappealing.
-Reservations is done by an outside service. They do not send good confirmation paperwork, don't have good hotel info, and don't necessarily get your reservation right. Good luck.
-Not family friendly. Of all the casinos, I found this one advertised their sex show the most and with the most explicit photo. Would hate to explain it to the kid in the elevator. Daily.

Do yourself a favor, and spend the additional $10 a night to stay at a more decent hotel. There are plenty of better choices.
I did not give this a four star rating because it's a true four star hotel. You get what you pay for and I got four nights very cheap, cheaper than I would pay for one night else where. Walking distance to the convention center. I stayed in a standard room. It was dated, not entirely clean and they need to vacuum the common hallway just a tad better. The check in line was not very long and it was the night before a large conference. Internet was slow but it was free. I wouldn't stay here with my wife but for a conference I would stay here again.
I stayed here during the Design and Construction Week tradeshow with some trepidation after reading several of the Yelp reviews.  All-n-all, I think it was an ok experience for me. I didn't run into long waiting lines like many people complained about and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  There were some things they can easily improve on though.  For starters they could have nicer bathing soap in the rooms.  It takes half a bar and half an hour to take a shower, but the water was hot so that was a good thing.  The bars and restaurants in the casino need to upgrade their  wine list.  The list were just mediocre at best.  One place only had one white and one red.  Beer or hard liquor were better drinking choices.  My friend was in a much older part of the hotel with the original room fixtures and her experience was not as good as mine.  I think for this hotel you probably should plan on staying in an upgraded room.  It cost a little more but is still under $50.00 a night.  My friend  had problems with the heater and hot water whereas I never did.  So, you may wan to spend just a few more dollars on the room.
Stayed for a week in the newly renovated section of the hotel. Not bad; only complaint is the air conditioning unit sounded like a 747 taking off when it would come on... Got used to it after a bit. Very clean and convenient.
If I could give them 0 stars, I would. You pay a mandatory resort fee of $15 a night that supposedly goes to pool, internet access, parking, fitness center. Their pool is closed until April (not like I would use their dirty pool anyway), parking is impossible to find,  the internet is spotty. Now I have to visit the nasty fitness center to get my $15 worth of this stupid resort fee. I just hope I don't contract anything from the machines. Look, I don't mind paying a resort fee if I feel like I am getting something out of it. In other places I paid higher resort fees and I had access to an amazingly clean fitness center, a great pool, good internet service and hassle free parking. 

Never staying in this lame hotel ever again. The only reason we made the mistake of staying here this time was because it was a last min trip and it was the cheapest option, and we were trying to save a few bucks. I would have paid a bit more per night to save ourselves from the nasty smoky smell, the gangs of people that look like the dregs of a reality show, really thin walls, dirty rooms, shitty view, and dumb mandatory resort fee. On top of that when I asked the front desk about the resort fee and why I had to pay for it if one of these facilities were closed, she literally laughed and with an attitude, corrected me to tell me that it isn't an optional fee and that it is part of the hotel fee. Wow. I am glad she knows the difference between mandatory and optional. that wasn't my question.
Poor quality and customer service. Dirty.  Would never stay there again.
We had a 3 night stay here that was part of a promotion.
We expected a nice hotel with the name being well known.
We had an upgrade, which was probably good. Our room was ok. The biggest complaints were no coffee in the room. Together a cup in the morning I had to go to a coffee shop in the lobby and pay $3.75 for a 
large cup. The TV stations were very limited too 
The lobby area, casino and restaurants did not thrill us. I had one breakfast here that was just fair. Service was slow.
If you are booked to stay here by a promotional company make them out you into another hotel. CheckYelp, it is right more then wrong.

Needless to say, this will be our last visit here
This is ALWAYS my go to when I am not trying to spend a lot of money on a room when I go to Las Vegas. 

***MAKE SURE YOU REQUEST TO STAY IN THE MONACO TOWER***

^ It's renovated tower ^ with better rooms the beds are really comfy everything is clean updated and the shower is hot.

It's a little far down on the strip but if you aren't lazy it's a 10-15 min walk to just about the middle of the strip or you can walk to LVH which is next door and take the monorail (which is what I normally do) or if you don't mind spending the money take a $10-20 cab ride. 

The place is huge so make sure you follow the signs above you or just ask someone who works there. I never had an issue with the staff I've stayed there 3+ times and will continue going back. 

The wait time to check-in is long if you check-in after 3pm but so is pretty much EVERY hotel on the strip so just expect to wait a little bit. There has been a few times where I was able to check-in early 11am-1pm or so with little to no wait time and they let me just depends on how booked up they are. 

I don't eat at their food courts because I usually eat elsewhere. But there are a lot of places close. Vegas strip isn't a place to be lazy or nit picky about things because as the old saying goes "you get what you pay for"


Definitely recommend staying here but like I said make sure you request to stay in the Monaco Tower.
My father recently rolled into town and I asked where he was staying, when he answered the Riviera, I got really snobby and was like, ew. Then I paused to think, when was the last time I was in the Riviera? It could easily have been a decade.

When I arrived, I felt more like I was in a downtown casino. The Riviera still has that old Vegas flare. It was old, reeked of stale cigarettes, but there were portraits with dates and famous people (Elvis and the like), and you remember this is where the stars came. This is Vegas as they knew it and loved it.

When we arrived to his room, I was surprised at how clean and updated the accommodations were. Flat screen TVs, this was no Motel 6. The room was clean and neat and didn't have that damp nasty hotel-y smell that one might experience, say at the El Cortez.

There's really nothing that draws one to the Riviera, it's an outdated properity that lacks a nightclub or cool/hip/trendy lounge/restaurant. They have a comedy club (locals only pay $10), a few restaurants, and just a little pizzazz. The Riviera is A-OK and true gem in my book.
This place SUCKS. if you want $1 tables and no wifi, come here. Otherwise, it's crap. Off The main strip, crap service and HORRIBLE everything, you found your hotel. White trash everything. If you respect yourself, don't come here. Coming from a broke guy, most of you white trash peeps will love it. Don't be cheap, get a GOOD hotel.
Can't give it full 5 stars because for a classic casino hotel it hasn't kept up to date with their decor. However, for an older casino, they keep their hotel rooms quite clean. The mattresses, sheets, and pillows are comfortable. The bathroom is dated with an old tub, faucet, sink, and flooring. The bathroom door interferes with the sink when attempting to open the door fully.  All in all, for the low rates, comfort, cleanliness, and convenient location on the strip it's a winer for affordable short stays in Vegas. Who stays in their hotel rooms when in Vegas for short visits anyways? You're in Vegas, go have fun and explore!
if you want CHEAP ROOMS this could be the place ...just be prepared to bend over for anything else...breakfast buffet is mediocre at best and it's $16.99...go next door to the Peppermill and get REAL FOOD
Slot and poker pay backs are the worst in the valley, best described as rob and pillage because it certainly isn't gambling

I'm a local and I know when I'm getting shafted, video poker min pay in $20 w/ max play to qualify for a $1 draft beer....in over a year I actually broke EVEN TWICE!!!

I now play elsewhere and experience true Vegas Value
We stayed here pretty cheap. We were in the Mediterranean Tower and it was vwery clean and nice. No smells or problems that I could see. There is no real view except the clown from Circus Circus. Room service was quick and efficient. I would definately stay here again and I have never stayed at the same place twice in Vegas. Thw casino itself is another story.
Looking for a fantastic deal in Vegas? This is your place. 

I'm local, and I've stayed here more times than I can count. You can get a great deal on weekend rooms here, but make sure it's in the renovated wing of the hotel. The rooms are clean, smoke-free, and include modern technologies and amenities (large flat screen TV, iPod dock, etc.). You won't find a better deal for this anywhere on the strip. 

It's not in the greatest location if you are a tourist on foot- I'll admit that much. But it is next to the best spot to eat in Vegas: The Peppermill. Don't stay at the Riv without eating here. It's also a B-line to downtown and a hop skip and jump onto the freeway. If you are driving, it's in a great area to bypass the strip traffic. 

Granted, there isn't much to do in the Riv. But, if you are lucky, they'll have someone good playing at their historic comedy club. I've actually seen a lot of good acts here. Also, take a moment to visit the Queen Victoria Pub or the friendly bartenders in the lobby bar by the club. 

Yes, it's old, it aint that pretty, and it smells like smoke, but isn't that Vegas?
I revel in the fact that this casino is outdated and untouched by the renovated glitz of the strip. If you are expecting Cosmopolitan grandeur, than skip this one instead of being a cheap ass and giving this casino a bad review.
This piece of prime real estate needs to be torn down and revitalized.  The hotel is in terrible shape....think motel 6.  The casino is not fun.  I spent all my time at other locations.   The staff seems defeated by having to work in this dump.  Only the doorman hailing cabs was able to rise above. There is no reason to stay here.
I am only putting one star because apparently I have to give a star even though this place is not worthy of any stars.  I have never had such a horrible experience.  First off we booked 3 rooms and we asked to have them together well we were on the same floor but two of the three rooms were decent sized and ours was a damn cracker jack box in the corner of the building and all the furniture was broken.  Then I call to ask them to move me and I got the rudest front desk manager who proceeded to tell me there was nothing he could do and he couldn't move me because it was after 1pm even though I had just checked in.  Then we get back our room after being out all day and this nasty ass hotel doesn't make your bed nor do they bring you new towels or anything else for that matter..and then they have the nerve to charge you a resort fee....REALLY!! 
I will never stay in this hell hole ever again!
Highly disappointed. Room was ok. You get what you pay for. We came for our wedding and the staff were obnoxiously rude. I could understand if we were rude first but we weren't. From the front desk to the manager they all had a horrible attitude. I wouldn't recommend to anyone
I stayed in the hotel as part of a promotion by attending a presentation for a resort. Riviera is old tacky and lousy. We stayed in the non smoking suite. The carpet and room in General were disgusting, the furniture and decor was tacky. 

The bedroom was nice but the sitting room was tacky 

I would NOT stay here unless you have no other choice like me - there are so many other amazing hotels on the strip with good deals don't stay here unless you have to
I had no problems, the beds were super comfy, I stayed 1 day shy of a week in the Monaco tower. I heard the rest weren't so great. Plenty of places to eat if you get hungry especially near by. Valet parking in the back did a great job!
Not recommended.  For only a couple bucks more I could have gotten into a much better hotel on the Strip. Regret the buy and won't make the mistake again.
I was staying at the Hilton Grand Vacations across the street and down a way. I ended up gambling at the Riviera every day. Most bartenders at the poker bar are very nice and helpful. Many of the dealers are just nasty! James and Bruce are awesome. After losing hundreds to Tang, without even a smile, I wonder why anyone would keep going back to 3 card poker. If I was with the guys and not my family, I would never play here!
Probably the worse place I've stayed at in Vegas. The only reason we did stay here was because our cheap friend had a room. Omg worse decision ever. Even though its dirt cheap, it is not convenient and not worth it. This place is pretty much a dumpster. It is close to the strip, but not close enough to be walking around. Probably will never stay here again unless all the other hotels on the strip are booked.
Stayed a week in a one bedroom suite in the Monte Carlo tower. I arrived late, called in and my room was held for. Nice and clean room, only issue is the outdated and torn furniture makes it look tacky but I get it to keep up with the legacy. I called for an extra blanket, and to have my toilet fixed. Was fixed right away. My room was cleaned everyday.  I ate the R and steak during happy hour was good. Ate at the banana leaf that was good. Was it worth what paid for, It purpose was served for me to lay my head at flexible hotel while on my vacation.  Wi-Fi worked, was slow one day I assumed due to maybe an overload of useage. Pool was opened but I didn't get in. The flat screens TVs work, so did the iPod dock. the showers was clean, the hot tub was as well.
The Riviera has really gone down hill. From the air conditioning that shakes the whole building, making it feel like an earthquake may be ocurring, to the $4 cup of Pepsi filled with ice that, when it gets accidentally spilled by a sober person, is not replaced, this place utterly lacks class, style and customer service. It is clear (and it has been verbally expressed to us) that the employees don't even like working here. The Riviera is a huge rip off - don't come here! The casino needs to be ripped down - good riddens....
Room was comped--  free.  Can't beat that.  Room was clean as was the bathroom.  Nothing fancy, but absolutely satisfactory.  It is a bit out of the way from the main part of the strip.  Would like to be closer to the other major hotels/casinos.

Saw the Illusions show.  Theater wasn't the best.  Mostly padded chairs on a couple different levels.  It would have been nice to have been in a better theater for this great performer.

WiFi was free!!!  Not sure what resort fee everyone was talking about. . .  I had $0 on my credit card when all was said and done.  Yes, the Riviera is old, but I can't complain.  Nice trip with my aging parents!!
Well the saying " You get what you pay for" is certainly true!  I have been here in this hotel for two hours and have already been more than ready to leave! Having to wait in a long line for 30 minutes in unacceptable just to check in. We arrived in our room to find dried urine all over the toilet seat a ball of hair on the floor big enough to make a wig and a large beer stain on the carpet that was still wet. I called the front desk and asked for the manager, and received his voice mail. I informed him of the problems and he assured me that room service would arrive to fix the situation promptly. Well 2 and half hours have passed and the mess is still there. I did win a $1800 jackpot and had to wait for a hand pay and that took 45 minutes~!!!! READY TO MOVE UP THE STRIP!!! This place is a mess!
p.s. bring a flashlight to see in the halways its really dark out there
i stayed in the luxury room here and it was not bad. I would say it is an okay place. the room was nice but the hotel is quite small and far away from the main part of the strip if you are walking. I heard they have remodeled lately and I did receive a newer room.
Experience here this past weekend was just horrible. Booked rooms through hotel.com a month in advance for the Riveria. Check in was great with Cesar who gave us a bit of an upgrade to the new remodeled rooms for only $23 for the weekend which had more vanity space in the restroom and equipped with a fridge. $16.80 resort fee PER night.

Walked into our room only to find out the toilet and fridge wasn't working. Called the front desk and 1 hour later, no progress. Decided to walk down to front desk and they told me someone is coming up. 30 minutes later, nothing. This happened twice.. so for a couple hours we were without a working toilet and fridge. Maintenance finally came to fix the toilet, then we got a rolled in fridge because they couldn't fix the one in our room. Our tv was sometime clear and sometimes the waves of static would come through. Horrible service here but I guess you can't expect too much from a run down hotel. You get what you pay for right?

Think twice before booking!
This review is for the hotel only. I really liked this hotel. It was modern and clean. It is very big which was somewhat overwhelming. The check in line was insanely long!! Luckily we noticed two machines over to the side of the check in desk that check you in and give your keys right away if you already have a reservation. Amazing.
it was cool except security asking to see my room key when im trying to take the ladies back to my room
The best way to greet guests----with a Smile!
We upgraded to a suite and that only added $18 to the tab. Glad we did...very, very big and plenty of room for 3 women to get ready in.  We had a hugh, comfy bedroom with two kings, and a front room/bar, with an extra half bathroom...that's where the comfy part came in.No waiting!

Everything was very clean, and some of it updated, but the marble kinda dated it.  But still, comfy.

The stores and casino and restaurants are very old school, but still nice.  Only major complaints? Lot's of the gym machines either didn't work, or were kinda outdated.  And not many to go around. And the pool was CLOSED! It was in the 80's and 90's and you couldn't jump in the pool! Just not fair. Keep it open! 

Nice if you're not going to be hanging at the hotel most of the time, but next time I'm back to Ceasars.
This has been the most disgusting experience in my life!! We over paid $288 for two nites. Smelly carpets,bad plumbing water doesn't go down in shower or sink, the window opens  all the way no screen  anyone can fall out from fifth floor. Bt most of all my hubby and I got bitten all over from bed bugs I couldn't take the itchiness at 5 am I had to complaint and switch room at 6am. Asked for rubbing alcohol bell man said they don't carry any. At 11 am we have to  check out it 7 am and I'm still awake smh!!!! Then I find out 3 other people had same problem !! And the new room was dirty wit feces in toilet !!! Omg so disgusting and floor was full of cigarette ash and trash it was never vacuumed Wat a waste of money!!
I have always stayed at the more modern hotel/casinos closer to the airport. We thought we would try an old school casino for a change. The price was great, it's not that far from the new strip or downtown. We stayed in the older section of the hotel, which is dated. The restaurants in the hotel are poor to marginal. The pool is pretty nice. This hotel needs a lot of work, and it seems to have had better days in the past. If your looking for a place to crash for a good price, or an old school casino this is the place. I would stay here again.
This is an average hotel with great customer service. Stayed here because we got 2 free nights and needed an inexpensive deal for an additional night. We were in town for a LegalShield Convention. We stayed in the newly renovated tower and the room was clean. No coffee pot in room but there was a refrigerator. There were not  many bathroom essentials such as shampoo and lotion, but I called for some and they brought them with no problems.  Great hotel for the price if you are looking for an average room on the strip that is not a dump. The staff were friendly and helpful.
Horrible experience Don't stay at this hotel! 
Front desk manager is terrible Clarissa
Amazing price for decent rooms.  But don't plan on spending more than 30 minutes in the casino as it is a secondhand smoke cesspool.
The minute you walk up to this hotel, you can smell sewage. It was really gross and all around the entrances. Once you walk in, it's like instantly stepping back into 1970's. You can see why some scenes of the movie "Casino" were filmed here. It is very OLD, smelly, outdated and run down. We would NEVER stay there, but saw swarms of people (most with children) checking in/out. It is very cheap ($30+/- per night) and you get what you pay for. We would never gamble, eat or sleep here, but if you want to see what an old Vegas hotel look like back then, you may find it interesting!
check in was long even 10 at night. once through the line we got checked in by a nice friendly lady. We booked a luxury suite in the Monaco tower, the reservation was there and we were on our way up to our room in no time. Once in our room at the 22nd floor, I opened the curtain to see our breathtaking view of the 7th floor of the parking garage where I had parked my rental car. aside from the garage, my only view was into the windows of other rooms. Definitely not breathtaking. The room itself was clean, but very small. Not at all what I expected from a "luxury suite" We tried to watch tv, but the remote didn't work. (dead batteries  assume) so I had to get up to change the channel, turn the volume up/down etc. This is an old run down place, it is located quite a ways from the heart of the strip, surrounded by a denny's restaurant, and a mcdonalds, I heard fire trucks and ambulances 3 different times pulling up to the place even from 22 stories up!! If you are looking for a cheap seedy place to stay, this is for you. I would hate to see what the cheaper rooms looked like. Next time in Vegas I will be getting a room elsewhere.
I totally agree with Paula L. we upgraded for $40 per night. (We were staying free on a company trip) so we got a Jr. Suite with large bedroom nice view...large living and dining room, bar and two baths. Very good deal...
Well, I've been to many hotels in Vegas, and I have to say it's not one of my favorites. But it's not too bad considering the price I paid during my recent stay. I mean $89 per night during NAB conference wasn't bad at all since other hotels close to the convention center were charging over $200 per night.  Since it was a 10 min walk to the convention center, it  also saved me $$ in cab fares, so that was good. 

I like their pool, but I was disappointed that they didn't have a jacuzzi, which I was actually really looking forward to. 

The only thing you have to keep in mind is that there are different towers, and the room in the tower I stayed at was newer, nicer and clear - Monaco Tower. The deals you get on the internet may be great and lower, but usually that means you'll get a room in the older towers. Initially I got a room at the South Tower but I changed it upon check-in. 

Oh and they charge $17 ($15 plus tax) in resort fee per day. Seems like they are charging this fee in most hotels in Vegas now. 

They have $1 - $2 cocktails at the bar which is great. Of course if you're gambling at the bar, then you don't have to pay. 

I ate twice at the restaurants - Banana Leaf and Wicked. They were Ok, servers were better and friendly. 

I almost went to watch the magic show... once a day at 7pm. Tickets start at $75 per person, but if you get the coupon book, they have 2 for one deal and maybe get 2 tickets for $100.  

If you like to gamble, you have a better chance going to Circus Circus across the street. My friends and I lost some money on slot machines at Riviera, but recovered them back at Circus Circus. :-)  I guess it depends on what you play too, but again, I'm not here to encourage or promote gambling! What you do with your money is your own business and at your own will. Like me, Do it for entertainment purpose only! 

Oh, and when you check out, do so in person, not electronically or from the room. And review your bill carefully. Two of my friends got charged for something that they never even purchased including in-room movie! 

So, if you're in Vegas for a show at the convention center and  looking for a clean, reasonably priced, convenient place to stay, this would be the one I'd recommend.
I am local and decided to spend NYE at the Rivera to see a concert. Big mistake. I purposefully hand picked two front row seats at $100 each and had the floor plan in front of me when I purchased them. I know NYE is big in town so I purchased tickets months in advance. There were 3 sections near the stage and I choose front row section 2 - dead center.  

The night of the show, I discovered the floor plan had changed. The three front sections had changed to six sections. Section 2 was up against the far wall of the auditorium. The two front row seats I chose were now moved way off to the side. I had a side view of huge speakers and literally could not see the stage at all from my seat.

The two other couples who sat next to me all agreed this was not the floor plan we choose seats for. All though we didn't know each other, all six of us went to talk to the box office manager together.   
The response to our concerned but polite inquiry? Too bad.

All 6 of us were shocked how callous the box office staff treated us. No apologies and no offers to move us. They told us floor moves happen all the time and we bought our tickets too far in advance and we should have waited. This made no sense to me at all. I planned this night well in advance and I am suffering the consequences for my careful planning? All of us agreed our NYE was ruined. 
I wrote a nice letter to the Director or Entertainment explaining the situation and I never heard a word back.
With all the hotels in town, it is no surprise the Rivera is probably last in terms of reputation and image and they well deserve to be. Never again.
Probably one of the worst run and seedy casino hotels. 

The heydays are long gone.  This place needs a soup to nuts renovation and management shakeup. 

Vegas is dying and no one wants to buy it and current management won't fix it. 

So, they cater to a low end client, give them nothing because that's all they know.  

Sad.
The line was forever long....the self check-in broke...the pool was ok...there's really no where to eat...

The only OK thing is the gym. I rather go to a gym that has old equipment vs a nice one with limited. This fitness center has old equipment, but many to use.

There's really no cafe to buy food, and if you go to the food court in the morning, they only serve what they called 'breakfast' menu. I stood in line at Quiznos and no one served me. I went to the Indian place and didn't know what the breakfast menu was for as they are items I never heard of. I thought I could get a chicken sandwich, but they only serve breakfast food so I opted for the omelet. The omelet was gross because it was smothered with cheese, the bacon was not editable because it was cold and had a lot of fat on it. I dare not to try the bread. The hash brown was greasy and couldn't be eaten. They didn't give napkins or forks, so I ate with my bare hands back in my room.
Small room with a small window even after paying for an upgrade. Smelled old. Rude service at front desk. I should have stayed at a student hostel. At least you get what you paid for at a student hostel.
Not reviewing the room amenities; just the casino experience. I know this is off the beaten path, but I had a good, solid experience here. They have $1 blackjack, and a good amount of slots.

My boyfriend and I both came outta here with more cash than we came in with (which is a rarity in Vegas), and it's right across the street from Circus Circus so you can spend all your winnings on fun arcade games for stuffed animal prizes.
My family and I stayed at the Rivera what a great place. I will recommend this place to everyone!!
On our recent stay we had a great experience.  Self check-in was quick and easy.  I was a little concerned about what our room would be like since we were in the South Tower and not the Monaco.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Spacious updated clean room.  We were meeting another couple and they were initially in the other tower in a smoking room but the front desk quickly changed it so they were in the room next to us.  Checkout was easy with no problems.  The price was amazing ($24 plus $15 resort fee).  We had a car so being a ways down the strip didn't matter.  We would definitely consider staying here again!

My only complaint would be that even though the South Tower has a lobby with a drop off there was no bellhop or even a cart to get all our things up to our room.  I called for someone but they never showed and we had to go back to the main lobby to have someone help us.
Room was nice.  We upgraded when we checked in for $20 well worth it. We were facing pool in the wedding tower. It was nice. Beds were comfy. Wish they would upgrade ac. Can't stand the ones that are by window, always seems to make me sick.  Nice hotel overall. Good customer service.  Would stay again if I were on a budget.
I didn't stay at The "Riv", as hotel employees refer to it, making it sound swankier than the reputation that precedes it as The Riviera. I only spent two days here for a convention. 

If the hotels in Vegas were women, this hotel would be the girl with bad extensions, wearing Ugg boots and a baby tee in 2014. She would've looked somewhat acceptable 12 years ago, but now she is just a sad, chain smoking, washed up, weathered old hag that you don't feel good spending time with. 

That is the "Riv". Also, the food court is a veritable Russian roulette of food poisoning adventure.
I had little problem with the room. Two things that annoyed me was the horrible smoking smell in a non smoking area which kicked up my asthma and was annoying. The other thing is the irregular house keeping hours. We never knew until when to stay in and once even got back by 2pm and house keeping still hadn't tidied up the room.
1. You need to know that this is a few miles from the main attractions of the strip.
2. The rooms are sub par and outdated but clean.
3. This is a hotel for an older crowd.
I liked it. It was charming and old school. Not packed, not full of deuches or duechettes. It was like a little time capsule, I enjoyed it for what it was. My only complaint was the front desk check in/check out. Unorganized, similar to the dmv. The self check in/out machine broke. So, I would suggest leaving your room early for checkout (because you will wait in a long line). It took me about 15-20 minutes to check out. Staff was helpful. Have patience with hospitality workers! I saw a lot of people being rude to the servers and to the concierges.
We checked in quickly, the room was clean and the AC worked great. Everyone was friendly and courteous, and I had fun in the casino. I enjoy old school Vegas; I'm not here for a fancy hotel room. Cheap drinks, easy access to Circus Circus, pool was very clean, what more do you need?
First off-the rooms were great.  It looks like it just got a remodel.  The AC unit seems a little old but it did the trick. The sink was a little slow on draining.  The staff were all great and friendly. 

BIGGEST drawback-parking situation. Not enough close parking and valet was full.  Driving around to find more parking is a nightmare.  The whole complex needs a good update.  Tons of speed bumps and messed up lanes and directional changes.  A little scary too.  We had to walk through the convention floor to get to the front desk.  Everything outside the rooms is outdated. 

Good for a quick one night stay but not much else.
This place is great this is day two of my stay of 5 and I love the room were in its clean and nice not pricey like other hotels and staff is very helpful I love it here and it's not a long walk to other casinos the only thing is it was confusing for parking but you get use to it it's a great hotel
Loved the casino!!  I did not stay in the hotel but I will next time.  We stopped by on the way to the airport yesterday since I collect one casino chip per casino and I did not have one from the Riviera.  The cocktail waitresses were very polite and I found $1 blackjack tables!!! Only hotel on the strip that I found!  It's awesome.  The penny slots were pretty loose too.  Circus Circus is across the street and they have $3 blackjack tables!
I stayed in many different hotels in vegas like Aria, MGM, Hilton, The Orleans, Monte Carlos.... I already thought Monte Carlos is ugly enough but Riviera hotel is The worst hotel I ever stayed in. Everything is so old & outdated in here, even the vending machine does not working. The valet & self parking was full last night and We have to park far away from the hotel. The only good thing about this hotel is they are cheap because we came here with another 8 people...& we thought we could save bunch of money.... But I will learn next time that I could spend some extra money to feel it as the "hotel"
BEWARE there is a $100 security deposit at check in that the website may not tell you about. That's is in top of the $15 charge.
The staff needs training in hospitality. Never met the most rude and unprofessional people in any hotel I've ever stayed at.  We were hosting our high school reunion and was told to go through VIP.  They need to hire people who are pleasant. Not only was our suite NOT ready (after 3:30 mind you ) but the original guy that was helping us decides to go to lunch .... Hands us off to the one other only person there and when we asked if we can check in at least, she tells us "no, the rooms not ready". My husband then asks when do you think it'll be ready and her aggressive reply was " I don't know, it could be 1 hour it could be 3 hours, I don't know whenever the cleaning people get there!" ..... Needless to say I was fit to be tied.... I'd rather pay a little more for the hospitality then go into this dump and deal with incompetent people . 

Mrs Van Asch
I love this place! We didn't stay in the rooms,so I can't review those... I was there for a bachelorette party and we visited the show 'Men, the Experience' and had dinner in the steakhouse. The show was so much fun!-The boys paid some extra attention to the bride, which she loved. It's been a long time since I've had that much fun with my girlfriends. After the show we did a meet and greet with the dancers and then went to dinner in the steakhouse. The food was great, the waiters were friendly, the ambience was quiet and dark so it may have been a little bit better for a little bit of romance. Wink wink. We all ordered a variation of food and were happy with everything we ordered. it's very classic steakhouse food. Yum! Lots of bottles of wine later we ended up gambling and it just hanging out at the riv. We had a blast! It has an old Vegas feel to it and everyone who we encountered working there was super nice! Maybe it was just a good night, but I was super impressed. We will definitely be back to the Riv!
Recently spent an evening at the Riv celebrating a Bride to Be and couldn't have asked for a better experience! 

We started at at the Men The Experience show and had the best time, the wait staff was great and the men couldn't have been any better :)  The made the Bride to Be and all of us ladies feel special!

We then had dinner at R Steak and Seafood, we ordered a variety of drinks and food and we were all very satisfied.  The staff was great even though we were probably a little more rowdy than their standard dinner guests.

Location was very convenient to the Monorail which saves time and money over taking a cab everywhere.  I would highly recommend an evening at the Riv! They have done a great job revamping this hotel, it's budget friendly and had a variety of things to enjoy.
Rooms  were great.
Service was World Class. Each and EVERY employee learned my name and went out of their way to introduce themselves. ALL employees seemed very happy.
Casino neat, orderly, AND spotless.
Take the Duce Shuttle to get around.
A great time...WILL go again. 
Give it a shot. I Know you will love it.
Pretty decent hotel overall and fits well with people on a budget. Though it's quite a walk to the main attractions on the strip, there is a bus that travels up and down the strip (I paid $20 for a 3 day pass) which stops right in front of the riv. I recommend staying in the "luxury" rooms (the only reason they're luxury status is because they're newer than the other rooms). The luxury rooms are small but can easily fit 2-3 ppl. I had no bed bug problems either in these newer rooms and the cleaning staff was very good. That being said, this hotel does attract an older crowd or families with kids. So, don't pregame too hard or you will get complaints. Also, the rooms are not sound proof so don't blast the music (the room comes with one of those older iphone/iPod radio chargers). The $1 blackjack tables are pretty sweet but the casino gets kind of shady at night due to the cheap tables. But overall a great place!!! The restaurant has a nice deal ($10 for a decent burger, fries, and one beer). Have fun!
The front desk staff were professional but unfriendly.  My room had a weird stain on the carpet, dirt and a hair in the tub, lipstick or nail polish (couldn't tell which one) on the bathroom counter, and one of the bathroom lights was askew.  This hotel charges a resort fee for what I don't know, and it is BADLY in need of an all over renovation.  I've actually stayed in worse places, and it's better than sleeping in the street, but I won't be staying here again.
Ive stayed here a few times, the check in line is usually long. If you use the self check in kiosks you can save Alot of time! The rooms are vintage and a good value. The casino bar has the cheapest drink specials on the strip. The comedy club was awesome
We got there around midnight on a Friday and stood in line for ninety minutes before getting to the registration desk. We booked for a room with two double beds and instead got a room with one queen bed so someone in our party had to sleep on that hard, roll-in bed. The room was clean but as far as amenities, we payed for a lot more than what we actually got. Nothing in the fridge, no lotions, the pillows aren't quality and the windows looking out to the back parking lot needed cleaning. The location was convenient, staff always greeted us with a smile and the pool looked clean.
$1beers 24/7 the rooms are alright because i never slept their but its always cracking at the pool
Our room was outdated at least 20 years. All the carpets throughout the halls were terribly stained. Our tv did not work, nor did our phone. Could not call for room service. Had to call out to some nasty Italian food place. Couldn't even sign in to their promised wifi. No one seemed to care!!! Oh yea, plus a resort fee of $15.00 per day! And tax on top of that!!!???!!!  This place is far from a resort. The pool needs to be dug up and resized to accommodate the amount of people and hotel size ratio! I had really looked forward to this little get away, kick back and get a tan. So much for that, very non-appealing....no space! This place is a dive!!!
I went here for business.  Easy to park, find my way around, food service and selection easy to find.  Very friendly, helpful employees.  

I was actually here for a show a few year ago and had the same experience.  Easy in. Easy out.  helpful employees and the show was a small venue, no bad seat and absolutely fun!
I really don't have any real complaints. I'm no diva like the rest of these cry babies that leave bad reviews. The hotel staff were all very friendly. We stayed in the Monaco tower which has the more recently renovated rooms and the rooms were just fine. Since we were only sleeping there we didn't need anything fancy or overpriced. On top of the room rate they charged $15 per day for a resort fee, so on the end you're paying the room rate, plus tax, plus a resort fee. So much for free wifi and valet. Overall, it's an older hotel but not bad at all for our budget.
I was a tad apprehensive after booking and then reading reviews (something I NEVER do).  However, as I was going to Vegas on a weekend, and was looking at paying $175+ for less desirable hotels, $60 per night sounded pretty good, so I booked.

To my pleasant surprise, this hotel was way better than most of the reviews that I read.  Please do not get me wrong, this is not like staying at the Wynn or Caesars, but for the price and the bed comfort -- you can't go wrong!

The check-in line was a little insane when we arrived, but we were quickly escorted out of the line to the computerized check-in (seriously what a great idea!!!!).  After I swiped the wrong credit card (make sure you swipe the one you book with...oops), they quickly escorted me to the VIP area and had me checked in, in a flash.

The room was decent.  2 double beds (made for fun with 4 people, including 2 tall guys).  Walls were paper thin, which gave us some good laughs... and some annoyance between the hours of 7am-9am when our neighbors, who apparently were not out late any night....loved to slam the door, have their screaming children in the hall, etc. Not impressed by that, but that is not really the hotel's fault. 

The casino itself was fine.  Drink service was lacking (if you are going to play slots and want good drink service I would HIGHLY recommend the Quad -- the drinks were absolutely flying) and we were lucky if we had a beverage every 30 minutes or so.  The other thing that was disappointing about the gambling was that they closed the Craps tables quite early (around 2am) while there were still people playing.  Kind of strange... 

The good about the casino: $1 Blackjack, 24 hours a day.  You will have to wait in line however, but well worth the wait!  

I have never stayed at this end of the strip and I am not totally sure how I felt about it.  I felt like we had to take a cab if we wanted to go to Bally/Caesars/Flamingo etc.  But Slots A Fun and Circus Circus were fun, cheap and had good drink service. 

Overall, I would stay here again on a weekend for cheap prices.
Older casino on the strip.  If you are going to the strip, you should hit the big flashier casino to get the full Vegas experience.  But if you are going for a smaller laid back feel, you might as well hit one of the local Station casinos or The Orleans.  Cleaner and more up to date.  This casino definitely looks like old school 'has been'.  It needs some serious updating.
On May 26, 2014 Sandra and I attended the "Pawn Shop Show" at the Rivera Hotel and Casino. The show was undoubtly  the worst show I have ever seen and that includes the plays we've attended while our children progressed through public school. We watch Pawn Stars on History Channel and enjoy the show, we were aware it was a parody of the "Pawn Stars Show" however we were not prepared for the poorly written and presented "Pawn Shop" After spending $118.00 for two tickets we expected the show to be at least funny or at the very least entertaining it was neither therefore; we walked out after witnessing about 15 minutes of poorly written and presented entertainment. 
Calls to the Rivera Hotel and Casino result in being placed on hold and or being transferred to a busy extension. When calls were placed to the Front Desk and a request to speak to the MOD (Manager on Duty) the person answering the call became the MOD. It is impossible to speak to the MOD and/or the Production Manager. They are aware of the quality of the show and will continue fooling people 6 day s a week.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from the Rivera Hotel and Casino.

Harry Lanahan
We arrived to check in at 12. Therefore we missed the backed up line. The reason the line becomes so backed up is due to the incompetent staff attempting to hustle you into upgrades. That being said, after 45 minutes in line and the staff fumbling around on the computer we finally accepted the penthouse suite. Which she suddenly added $300 onto after we agreed upon the price. At first we were very pleased with the room. However on night 2 of 3 we dropped an empty water bottle off of our balcony later to find 10 security guards in the room. We were shocked when they told us to pack our bags and hit the streets. Upon the expedited check out the front desk staff informed us that we would receive a refund for our final night. Again another lie from their hustling staff. Also, I failed to mention the horrible restaurant service. We didn't even know who our server was, but since we had a party of six gratuity was included, so they didn't need to take care of us.
I first visited the Riviera earlier this year.  My friends and I booked a room for one night on a whim and drove to vegas.  Upon arriving the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  They were quite aware of the lines forming at check-in and made every effort to take guest into the VIP check-in area to help keep things moving.   We stayed in a newer tower room.  The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was very clean and modern.  
  
A few months later I went back to Vegas for a Bachelorette party.  The bride really wanted to go to a male revue, so we decided on "Men the Experience" since my first time at the Riviera was so positive.  The show was amazing and the wait staff was very attentive to all of our needs.  The bride had the time of her life and felt so special!  On top of that, we couldn't have asked for a better looking group of men!  Especially Alejandro...he melted our hearts!   

After the show we had dinner at R Steak and Seafood.  We ordered a lot of different food and drinks.  Everything we had was delicious and we left very full and extremely satisfied.  The staff was helpful in suggesting dishes as well as dealing with us being a tad rowdy and exhilarated from just leaving the show!

All in all, both times I've been to the Riviera have been very positive and memorable.  I'd definitely stay and visit the hotel again.
This place was not all that great. Good news or bad news first? They are NOT AT ALL FRIENDLY at the front desk... kinda rude and short with you. Answering questions is a hassle for them. They tell u that there is a hundred dollar hold on your card, thats normal. They told me there would be "A" 15 dollar resort fee (to cover things that you dont use and internet that doesnt work) they didnt tell me it was 15 bucks PER night, so you can imagine my surprise when i didnt get my entire 100 dollars refunded. The bathroom floor was filthy and stained like it hadnt been mopped in a while. The window (for those of you like me that appreciate oxygen and or are claustrophobic) opens about half an inch. The carpets werent vacuumed either. The bed i have to say is hands down beyond comfortable so kudos there. Food was awful and over priced. Dont know if there is anything else good besides the bed. I stay in vegas a lot because i have family out there, but Im not sure that I would book riviera again.
The casino bought this review it's two stars. Really should just get zero, but we had such a good time on the floor that it's getting a two...

Old soap in the showers, and body hair throughout the bathroom. Plain gross. 0 Stars.

The casino is old, nearly 60, but it has a classic charm to it. Had fun with the waitresses, and we got the $1 blackjack table going ham haha. Great times. Spent $80 on the room(Friday Memorial Day weekend), but all told we walked away only spending about $15 when we take into account our meager winnings and what we spent on drinks. ****

This is a place you want to be at late in the night, and walking away from. Get the old Vegas feel, but find a bed somewhere else.
I booked this because it was cheap and hey, who stays in their room for the majority of their Vegas stay anyway?? Yes, it IS cheap, FOR A REASON. First off, the rooms DO NOT COME WITH A COFFEE MAKER so you have to go downstairs and pay $3+ for a coffee EVERY MORNING. It is an old hotel, I will give it that. When we checked in, they asked us if we would like to upgrade our room for an extra $20 a night. We said sure. They put us on THE TOP floor (64 I believe), for the first two nights (we were there three nights from Wed-Sat), it was fine. We had an OK view of the strip, whatever. Friday night, however, was when the issue started. The lady who checked us in failed to mention that we would be RIGHT UNDER the penthouse which OFTEN has VERY LOUD private parties, so unless you plan on staying out all night long and not sleeping, expect to hear extremely loud annoying music right above your head. My husband first called the front desk and complained, asking if we could be switched rooms. They told him they can do anything BUT THAT (as if they were booked, which they obviously were not). They agreed to wave the upgrade and resort fees, saving us $120. He said fine. About 15 minutes later after more annoying music and loud thumping, we finally had enough - sleep would have been impossible even with ear plugs. This was about 2AM. He went downstairs to actually talk to the front desk people and finally managed to wrangle us another room for the night, so about 2:30AM we had to pack up everything and move a couple floors down. I'm not sure why they couldn't have done that in the first place but hey, at least we saved $120 in the end, even though that's about how much we ended up paying for coffee (kidding).

Moral of the story: If you MUST stay here, DO NOT AGREE TO THE TOP FLOOR, AND BRING YOUR OWN COFFEE MAKER.
A very dated, old hotel with only one pool that is crowded. Terrible coffee shops with terrible quality food court. Yuck!!!!!!
I don't even know where to start. We booked a room because it was "$23/night". That turned into almost $200..
$23-Room
$15-resort fee
$100-hold on debit card that was never returned (maybe cause we didn't make the bed...?!) 
$35- overdraft fee because the $100 was not returned within 72 hrs like they say, and a bill came out a week later.. 

Not to mention when we got there, we had to step over piles of garbage and dirty clothes that were all over the hallway. Oh, and let's not forget the soap left from the last guest, as well as the hair all around the sink.  Yummy
My partner and I stayed here for couple nights. The pictures online wasn't that as expected.  It's a pretty old hotel, so I didn't didn't expect that much. Housekeeping team was great! There's no 2.5 option so I opted for 3 stars. I would suggest that Riviera Management will consider changing or do a renovation. Based on yelpers reviews, I agree on the bathroom molds. I would definitely recommend to have it renovated. Bed and pillows were ok. The convenience of the location is good. Parking was really hard to find especially if you stay late. Not sure if management allows people to park even if they are not staying or checked in the hotel. I would suggest to have a parking space only for checked in customers. We liked the kiosk idea. It helped out. Mini fridge, needs to be changed. Carpets, it's seems clean and newly shampooed, and not smelly, so that was good. Again, it would be nice to have this hotel renovated, it's one the first in Vegas!
This hotel is horrible u get what you pay for. The reason why I stayed here is because of a festival I came with a group of friends. This hotel is old , the restrooms ohhhh lord they are very small. Also if you want to take a cab it takes forever. This hotel is sad. If ur on a budget this hotel is cheap but expect the worst.
I wish I could give a negative star.  So we went for a conference.  Good thing we got a cheaper rate through the convention.  I would have been angrier if I had to pay more than we already did.  We requested 2 beds and Christine, the girl at the front desk said she moved us to the Monte Carlo tower.  She said this is where they put their VIPs.  If this is their VIP tower, there is a problem not to mention what kind of VIPs do they put in there.  Ice machines are every other floor so if your floor doesn't have ice, you gave to go to another floor (which wouldn't be a problem but their elevators suck so you have to go to the scary stairwell).  We were on the 23rd floor, and only 1 elevator seemed to have worked.  I heard other people say it took them 30 minutes to go up or down to their floor/lobby.   We go to our room and although we were prepared for a little smoke smell (we got a smoking room), it smelled like they NEVER aired out the place.  It was horrible, even for people who is used the smoke.  The television didn't work.  It turned on and it tells you to use the arrow buttons to go to regular TV.  We pressed every button there was and it did nothing.  We left to go to the convention and stopped back by the room around 130 or so.  Our room still hadn't been cleaned!  The only thing that was decent was that their cocktail waitress on the casino floor were nice.  With all the hotels in Vegas, I would definitely stay somewhere else.
I booked this hotel because it was offered as one of the hotels on conference website. We were offered some extra perks, like a reduction in the resort fee, including a set of comedy tickets. When I called the resort to ask questions I was told the convention I was attending was a 5 min walk from there.  This was complete misinformation, it was well over a mile walk  to the convention center location. One of the reasons I took the time to call and ask about this is because I have some physical issues that made walking difficult for me and I was trying to be prepared.  I would have made other arrangements than walking in the heat of a nasty summer day if I had known this.  

I Stayed in Monaco towers. Must have been the oldest dingiest part of the hotel. Bathroom floor looked dirty.  The room was sweltering hot when we  first arrived. The air conditioner must have been on it's last leg because it really never cooled off properly even after being on all night.  Every time we left for the day the cleaning staff turned it off so we returned to a hot stuffy room.  The pillows were small, flat and very uncomfortable, the sheets were scratchy.  The bathrooms featured the cheapest toilet paper and soap I have ever seen.  Felt like I was washing with Lava soap.  The gal who checked us in was rude and argued with me about including free comedy show tickets we were promised with our package, she finally acted like she was doing me a favor by giving the to me.   

The morning of our check out I was just getting out of the shower and housekeeping opened the door while I was nude.  This was just after 9 am.  SERIOUSLY!!!  This was Sun morning, this Vegas, people are still  sleeping at that hour!!!!  Check out time was still an hour and a half away.  I will never stay here again and won't be recommending it to anyone.  Talked to the manager about the situation with housekeeping..she offered to remove the "hotel fee" which was $5. Gee thanks, at that point I felt I was wasting my breath discussing any other issues with her.  This was a business trip, I was hot tired and exhausted when I got back to my room.  I didn't have the time or energy to deal with this during my stay.  I realize I was not paying for luxury.  I wasn't expecting that, what I was expecting was a clean comfortable room that I could get a good nights sleep in.
If I could give negative stars or none, I would cause Riviera 'hotel' deserves none better! Stanky haggard dirty decor, and service to match! This has been the worst experience from a Vegas hotel ever.
The hotel staff have forgotten how to smile and speak a language consisting primarily of the word 'No'. 
No wifi, no cell service, no table action, no room, no more, no water hot enough to bathe, no server at our table, no diligence in reservation taking.
In Vegas working nights. On our 3rd morning arriving after a night of working the room key  dies. Front desk won't give us new one cause our client (out of state) booked us on her name, and she needs to come in herself. Why because when we have IDs & CCs they did not attach our names to the room!

Honestly yes, cheap prices are good, if they keep your reservation, buuuut you'll really want to shower well when you get home!
I stayed here for an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Fellow convention goers beware! Wi-Fi does not work and cell phone coverage is terrible. Even the television barely works if you can get the remote to change channels. This toe fungus of a hotel is not suited for business in any form.

Aesthetically the place is a total cornhole, the lobby looks like it's maintained by an 80+ aged crew and the carpet is disgusting. I recommend shoes when walking around this place especially if you're coming from or going to the pool. It attracts a much younger, ghetto and less experienced Vegas crowd due to its lower prices, with this also comes a less quality employee crew however.

I booked my room 3 months in advance thinking "how bad could this place be for 1 night", cheap and close to the Convention Center. I get into the line and I'm told I could use the "express check-in" by 2 attendants. It didn't work for me so the attendant checked my room which wasn't ready so she changes my room, OK there's a little bit of "service" there I thought.

I get to the tower and it already smells like a donkey farm, the elevator seemed like something out of a Final Destination movie. Once I get on the floor there's phone books in front of the doors all along the hallway to my room I'm thinking "is this the prostitute path or something"? I get to my room which smells like smoking monkeys had been living in it, the ashtrays confirmed it was a smoking room. 

I call the front desk who helps me out with a "regular" non smoking room which was better. However feel free to look at my pictures from the room (e.g. the neverending toilet, the "beautiful" views and the mystery wet spot).
Two words describe this hotel,  cluster fuck! Stayed here for a convention I had to attend and my friend booked online for a deluxe room for 4 people and requested a roll away.  Checked in at the hotel and they could not accommodate because it was a fire hazard, well this doesn't work!  I asked the cost of the upgrade and how many that could accommodate.  I was told there is a king sized bed, the couch pulls out and we could have a roll away,  an additional$50/night. We already payed for one night. My thought was cool, this might work! I put down $100 deposit on MY credit card. So, we get to the room and couch doesn't pull out. I call and talk with a manager and for the run around. She gave me $10 off making it an additional$40/night. We called back later and they said we already got one away and they are overbooked. Customer service isn't something they excel at! Looking at my bank statement I noticed that i was charged for the room, all 4 nights....my friend should have been charged but my friends just paid me but because of this disorganization it left me with -$800 in my bank account. Bottom line, we could have stayed somewhere sooo much nicer for $265/night. 

 Oh wait,  this gets better....aside from this place being seriously outdated,  and not clean!  Resturants are to be desired unless you want to eat at their high end resturant at $42 steak.... This is NOT Ruth Chris by any means. We broken glass  that looked like it was used for drugs....SERIOUSLY! 

I have zero intention to ever come back here nor would I recommend anyone to stay here.
This hotel has a lot to offer for your money. $24 of mine to be exact plus the $15 per night resort fee. Being one of the oldest hotels still standing on the strip it is a bit outdated as to be expected. Aside from the 1970's decor it is quite accommodating. Our room was just the basic room however it was quite large in size. The bed was comfortable it had many desired amenities. This being said not all of them worked. The hair dryer, the iron, and a few plugs didn't work but that's just details. The staff was very helpful, kind, and most of all very willing to comp show tickets!
The 5 stars is for the service and hospitality  offered by this wonderful hotel. Tyson was our host to our 4 night stay in Las Vegas. This is our 3rd stay at this hotel and its not the fanciest newest hotel on the strip but its a legend. The staff are wonderful and they want you to return. I have gone with my family and we enjoyed the wonderful Jan Rouven Illusionist show, dinner at Wicked Vicky and the R steak and Seafood both delicious. Kid friendly clean large pool and across the street from Circus Circus which was great for daytime excursions with the kids. Did I mention the pinball Hall of Fame?! Oh yes classic vintage pinball machine favorites. I would recommend Riviera and definitely join the Players Club for great incentives for your next stay.
This hotel is just a nice place if you want to save some money, and don't plan to stay in the hotel for too long.
The regular rooms are typical, not too fancy or completely decked out in design or anything. Beds are comfortable and smells fine.
Restrooms are clean, they provide some shampoo and some soap, neither of amazing quality, but does the job.
The place itself is not very lively compared to other hotels, even circus circus across the street, even though it does have a bunch of slot machines and card dealers.

Overall, it was a fine experience just nothing notable about it
This place is terrible fist 45 minutes to check in after arriving at 11pm.  Then they put me in a smoking room when i said i want non smoking.  Room smells bad but key fir room don't even work.   Based off my luck here not even hitting casino. Save your money go somewhere else this isn't even worth the really cheap rates they offer.
The Riviera is not the worst thing ever. It's pretty lame compared to the rest of Vegas, but compared to all hotels, it's not bad. My room was clean, had a nice TV, and they had some amenities like ABC stores and a food court with awesome Indian food. 

Riviera is not really a place you'd want to hang out in, but it is cheap. It also does not have the best location if you are wanting to see the strip. You are basically all the way at the end and have to travel pretty far by bus to get anywhere close to the fancier side of the strip. 

If I was going to Vegas again, I'd probably stay more in the middle of the action, but I found the Riviera to be a pretty good value if you are trying to Vegas on the cheap. 

They also close the pool RIGHT ON TIME, PRETTY EARLY. DO NOT EVEN PUT YOUR FEET IN THE POOL! You've been warned.
My kids had a karate tournament at the Riviera so we stayed there out of convenience.  When we first got to our room there was a USED bandaid in the planter.  I let front desk know and they said they would said housekeeping to take care of it...nope!  Also, our bathtub didn't drain, the furniture looks like it has 50 years of nicotine dripping off of it and the very best part - we were on a non smoking floor and our room smelled like a Willy Nelson concert.  Now my kids know what pot smells like.  Next year for the tournament we will be staying elsewhere.  The convenience isn't worth how grossed out I was by this hotel.
The Good: They have $1 Blackjack, good variety of new slots, rooms are clean and updated, parking is easy.

The Bad:  The pool was small and my hair smelled funny after swimming, the floors in the casino are oddly uneven.

They have a super bowl party every year here that is very fun.  All you can eat and drink and watch the game with 100+ fans on the big screens.

I've also been to an MC Hammer concert here, not the best acoustics but MC brought it.

This is an older casino on the north end of the strip so it's only going to cost about $25 / night to stay here.  It's on par with Circus Circus but smaller and a little nicer rooms.  They do have an "arcade" that features old games like 'frogger' and old pinball games near the food court.
booked thru kayak and i was not aware of the resort fee.

there is a resort fee of $16.80 which
kayak will not show and when you show up you thought

the price was advertised for $17.00 plus tax which you paid
but oh no...you will have to pay another $16.80 to the hotel

for the resort fee per day per night and the 

money is non-refundable.

if it is non-refundable then everything should
be charged and not another surprise.
 
every hotel there is a resort fee that is how
kayak (makes $17.00) and riviera (makes $16.80 resort fee)

i was not aware of the resort fee (what a sucker)
when you compare prices make sure you check

on the resort fee cus it could range from $12 bucks
to $22 per night.
Their promos are the best!
Many great shows, table games,
I MADE OVER 80 DOLLARS FROM THEIR PROMOTIONS AND FREE CHIP!!!

3 DAYS AND I was drunk 24/7 FREE WELL AND BEERS WITH MY WIFE AND I only spent 25 dollars during the first day (currently in bolt bus drinking the rest) that should tell you how much an alcoholic I am.

Coupons coupons coupon. ..awesome

Free wheel spins every afternoon outside front door

Friendly staff and helpful. 
This is a noob friendly casino.
For the negative people out there...I say yall are broke...seriously if you got 60k in your bank right now like me, please dont judge a casino, I do consider myself poor so if you are broke and talk b.s. then theres something wrong. The staff are friendly and dealers help you out (seriously they do!!!)
This is by far the worst MOTEL I've ever encountered. The smell of the (non smoking) room was unbearable, the pool was an absolute joke, and let me not forget to mention the random eye patch that I had found in the closet because the room wasn't properly cleaned. Also everyday the room keys were in issue and I had to get new ones. There was zero atmosphere in the hotel as well as 2 rinky dink places to eat that had horrible service. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again if they tried to pay me!
This is the first time we've stayed here, and I'm sure it will be the last. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the one bedroom suite was roomy and the self check in was awesome. Other than that, things weren't so great...valet parking was full, parking directions sucked, the Wi-Fi didn't work (even after calling the manager,) one window casing had no drywall, the window opened ALL the way (we had a four year old-kind of dangerous,) there was air in all the water lines, there was mold in the shower, the refrigerator rocked back and forth, and there were MANY other signs of wear and decline. Plus, the pool closes at 8PM...really? I'm sure that back in the day this was a really nice place, but now, it's a but run down and dated. I'm not sure how to post pics, but if I figure it out, I will. I was pretty disappointed and would suggest staying somewhere else.
Dirty, filthy, run-down, smelly, crack-hotel feel to this place! Carpeting is stained and dirty. Towels are old, stained, & dirty. Beds are old, dirty, and stained. Walls are old, dirty, and stained. Bed spread full of hair. It is almost midnight and we cannot even force ourselves to stay here another minute! Camping in a tent in the middle of the woods is cleaner
Great deals on room rates. My son and I wanted to compete at the Master Stan Witz's
USA World Championships in Las Vegas 2014. International Martial Arts World Championships. The United States most prestigious Karate Championships 
June 27, 28, 29, 2014 @ Riviera Hotel and Casino. We got a great special and had a great time. The bell service and valet was excellent. Staff was very helpful. I honestly enjoyed everything about this place. Thank you.
The hotel was actually better than I anticipated, especially for an older hotel and casino. We wanted to stay on the strip over 4th of July weekend and knew it would be crazy, but the Riviera averaged out to be in our price range for 4 nights. As the days went on (and got crowded) it was a little difficult being quite so far down the strip, as you have to spend a good 10 minutes walking just to be at the start of it all, but leveraging the monorail to the LVH helped a lot. And - it's not quite as far as the Stratosphere, it's pretty close to a Walgreen's which came in handy, and the first stop on your way up the strip is the Wynn Encore.

I enjoyed the casino and the waitresses were actually the friendliest we came across our entire trip! It has some old school Vegas charm and didn't feel too rowdy or crazy compared with some of the other casinos. The pool seemed nice and our room was better than expected. It was also very easy to get to from the lobby.

The rooms look as if they've been updated recently. The bed was very comfy and the flat screen TV over the bar area was nice. The clamp holding our showerhead was broken, but everything else was fine. There was a hair dryer and an iron/ironing board in the room, which doesn't always come with a 3-star room. We had a lovely view of the parking structure (haha), but seriously, for the price and the fact that we checked in almost at midnight, it was expected.

While it may not be my first choice for a hotel in Vegas, it definitely fit the bill for a late-planned getaway on a tighter budget. I would be willing to stay again.
I'm staying at this hotel practically for free (bc of a promotion) and I still think I'm paying too much. It has dirty, dated rooms, the shower literally hurts to use, the bed spread had a stain and didn't get replaced, the staff was rude, it took 1 hour to check in, they charge a "resort" fee but this isn't one, and the location appears close (on maps), but is really far from everything.
Right when I entered the hotel it was EMPTY. I never seen an empty hotel in Vegas before. When I stepped inside the elevator, it smelled like urine mixed with barf combined.... (gross) we requested a non-smoking room, but all the rooms allowed smoking.... so we are pretty much second hand smoking. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!
If you dont mind the pit boss changing the deck in the middle of a shoe than you will enjoy. Me personally I will never go back
I originally found a groupon for 19/night at the riviera so my husband and i reserved a room for monday thru wednesday and then as our party grew bigger we reserved the connecting room from sunday thru tuesday..
So on sunday we waited in line for about an hour. We were exhausted from our 4 hour drive from cali. Service was sooo slow. After we checked in, everything was fine but on monday they apparently had a systems failure. The front desk told everyone to come back by 4pm and everything will be fixed. We came back by 4pm, and nothing was done. There was actually a very long line of very angry customers at this point. So everyone in my party just had to cram all their belongings into the one room. We went out, came back exhausted, waited about 40 minutes in line and then finally checked in around 10pm. What a nightmare. 
The following night, my husband and i got back to the room late. Had to be around 2am. He was famished so he called up room service. Room service connected him to the burger joint in the food court. They told him they were closed. So he asked if any of the other restaurant were opened. They forwarded him back to the room service (which im assuming is front desk) and they connected him again to the same people that just told him no. Except this time, they made it sound like someone was opened, until they forwarded him to this other restaurant that never picked up. It kept ringing and the same food coourt people picked up. Seriously?? They are all in the same area.. they couldnt just step out from behind their counter to see who was opened or not? Every time he was reconnected with the food court guy he was given hope that something was available. After about 15 minutes of this fiasco, my husband just hung up. I looked on that little room service pamphlet thing thats next to the phone and it loooked like it all said they were closed by that hour. (I know we should have probably looked at that first but hunger makes you stupid sometimes) why couldnt these customer service reps and food court people just have said that to begin with?
Then it was time to check out of the rooms. I noticed the checkin/checkout kiosk was working so i decided to go with that to beat the long line. It was simple enough, but then when it printed out the receipt it came out blank. I had to get back in line just to make sure everything was in order. Ridiculous!

Pros: decent rooms, decent location, cheap.
Cons: incredibly unorganized, slow front desk service, lack of knowledge regarding room service, terrible food in food court

One more thing! The things included in the resort fee are completely useless unless youre going to utilize the swimming pool (but who wants to pay $15 to play in some chemically filled, dirty old pool? Couldnt even use the wifi.. signal wasnt strong enough..

Dont think ill be returning here unless desperate for a room. :)
It's not a high end hotel, but it's nice for the price. I've stayed here twice. The rooms are updated and clean. If they updated the outside of the hotel I'm sure they'd have more customers. I'd definitely stay here again.
I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Barbary Coast?!? Why not just play downtown?" Well, for one thing Barb's cleaner then downtown. Also you don't need to take a cab to get there (obviously assuming you're staying on the strip and let's be honest if you're a yelper you're staying on the strip). Additionally the "charm" sorta grows on you and the games are more than fair (5x craps, NSUD, and two deck bj w/o the completely sucka' 6:5). Above all though it comes down to the drinks. They do give you beers in tiny cups but the place is small and there are lots of cocktail waitresses. Play at the tables and you're going to get drinks. Play at dollar machines and you're going to get drinks. Hell, one time I actually had to turn away waitresses while I was at a nickel machine! They're egalitarian about their alcohol service. So let's all just hope that Harrah's doesn't buy them up, tear them down, and turn it into another completely lame strip casino w/o the class, the games, or the drinks - because then we really would have to take a cab downtown...
This is a dive casino, if there is such thing. Good thing, since every time you are gambling you might not want to be glitzy and glamy. In any case, the tables here are fine and the drinks are free like every where else... BONUS: its on the most important cross-streets in Las Vegas; Flamingo and Las Vegas BLVD.
Great casino and a great place to stay unless you need a pool. Rooms are spacious,2 king beds and absolutely dead quiet even
though the heart of the Strip is right outside your window.  Lots of 
hardcore gamblers make this their headquarters.
The Coast with the Most!

Las Vegas pretty much blows, as its just an arms race to see who can make the biggest energy-wasting eyesore.  

However, the "Victorian Room" cafe and restaurant at the back  end of the Barbary Coast (next to the glass souvenir case and magazine rack) serves a delicious cheap meal, perfect for down-on-their-luck not-sure-if-i'm-dehydrated-or-hungry-or-just-drunk folks.  Two bucks for all drinks, although they serve imbibables in little plastic dixie cups.  And it's pretty hard to pretend to be a high roller, considering that is the same kinda cup you use to gargle at the dentist's office.  

But the special meal deals that kick in between 11pm and 7am are a great find.  $3 for pancakes, bacon and toast.  $7 for a delicious steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  $13 for a prime rib that is, according to a friend, better than a Ruth's Chris.  

A highlight for a city of fakes, this place is true.  What "stays in Vegas" is actually your money.
I can't attest to anything but the fabulous-ness of the casino here.  I didn't stay here...we were at The Mirage (just down the Strip).  But, please, I loved this place.  My friend loved it even more, as she won $160 at the $5 blackjack table.  It was her first time playing.  I couldn't believe it!  As bitter as I was (just kidding, I was happy for her, really I was), I enjoyed myself too.  

This place strikes the balance between ridiculous "see and be seen" casinos and creepy, dirty places that make you feel violated. The dealers were so friendly and helpful.  They have $5 blackjack tables all night long. The bartender was a total sweetheart and the cocktail waitresses were seriously attentive.  The free drinks were a great conciliation prize for my money-losin' ass!  

The best part of our Barbary Coast experience, however; was the awesomely cheesey 80s cover band that played from about 1:30 - 2:30 am!  They helped me rally for another 2+ hours of Vegas debauchery. I was sad that they only played for one hour, especially because they busted out more than one Pat Benetar song .  

This place made my hazy, over-the-top Vegas experience that much better!
Great place to gamble.  Good location.  But wierd vibe sometimes :-(
If you knew all the places I gambled, you'd wonder why I would occasionally play here. Is it the downtown minimums on the strip? Is it the fact that alcohol flows freely compared to other strip casinos? Nope, it's neither. One word Dre's. And not only when I'm going there. If you are smart, and I obviously am smarter than the average bear, you can find a strategic table along the main route to Dre's. Once here, you will not be able to concentrate on your cards. I have two kings? Hold on, let me think about this... as my entire head as well as the rest of the table turns on cue...
i like this place a lot. it reminds of king's island in ohio if that means anything to anyone. 
the location and rooms are perfect for the price. 
and the casino is cheap and easy. 
the free drinks floweth and you never feel scowled at when returning to your room at 5am, drunk and penniless.
Looks like the casino isn't the best, but I'm writing this mainly about the restaurant, the Victoria Room (I think). They have an all day special of Prime Rib or Top Sirloin, cup of soup or a salad, baked potato, and dinner roll all for $13.95. Tasted great and was really fast! 

If you're in town for a few hours, check it out!
I hate this place. Their oxygen is way less strong than lots of the casinos that are just next door. The other day I was playing Pai Gow poker and I couldn't even make it past 8am! I was practically passing out during my comped breakfast at that awful mess of squishy leather booths they call a restaurant.  Get with the program, guys. The Orleans knows how to do it - next time you light a cigarette, notice how strongly the match burns.  They've got that shit turned up to LUDICROUS.  Leave the ether at home and skip the Barbary Coast - oxygen is where it's at.
At 3.00 am my friend is playing craps and of course, betting against himself. People don't appreciate this technique, I however, find it wonderful. So as he keeps rolling and betting against himself and winning and laughing and other people are laughing and angry because he is a crazy drunk, Morgan isn't paying a lot of attention to a whole lot else. Luckily enough, he apparently has the cocktail waitress set to 'fill 'er up' as she keeps coming around with Crown 'n Cokes and happily putting them in his hand. This behavior continues until the point at which Morgan has 3 Crown 'n Cokes stockpiled under the table with another one in his hand. He drank them all, we lost all our money, but had a glorious time of it. Fun spot.
Shortest review ever:

Based on the fact that a GINORMOUS man known as Fat Elvis plays the lounge 5 nights a week, this place gets 5 stars.

There are Elvis impersonators and then there are I Ate Elvis impersonators.  This is just some awesome, free fun.
Come on man, Drais is here!

They have a FREE shuttle that takes you over to their sister casino, Gold Coast. Although you may not want to go to Gold Coast, it is beside the Rio and across from the Palms. Saves on taxi fare and you don't have to stay at Barbary Coast or Gold Coast to hop on that shuttle.
I dig this place.

Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. 
Least amount of walking from your room to gambling.
Friendly staff (always willing to help, quick and strong with the drinks, talkative dealers)
Clean rooms with flat screens.  
Cheap.
Fat Elvis.

Sure, it's no mega resort.  Sure the gambling floor is small and the restaurants aren't the best.  But, it's one of the hidden gems of the strip that will surely be gone in a few years.  

Enjoy it while you can.
I was going to write this review under Bill's Gambling Hall but no one seems to be calling Barbary Coast under it's new name. It's still Barbary Coast according to the taxi drivers. And if I wanted to get where I was going, I had to inform the taxi drivers that I was staying at Barbary Coast.

Best location at best price ever. C'mon $80 bucks a night. Who are you kidding? Why would you stay anywhere else for center strip views and proximity? My room had views of Paris and the Bellagio fountains. It was equipped with a mounted flat screen tv (see pic). The room was huge and clean. The bathroom had its own full sized ironing board with iron. I had tons of space. I am so happy I chose Barbary Coast over some of the other economy hotels. Security and Front Desk service is great also.

I've been told that the prime rib is bomb at Barbary Coast. Heard good things about Drai's also. Seems like everyone likes the Barbary Coast.
This will *always* be the Barbary Coast to me. The dealers were all young and friendly. I loved the intimate feel of the casino. And it's a little "old Vegas" right on the Strip.
It's sort of an old looking casino.  I did not know they even had rooms.  It doesn't look so pretty from outside, but if you are on a budget, I'd say go for it.

The location's great.  Next to Bally's, Paris and across the street from Caesars.

The casino is smaller.

Lower limits compared to other casinos on the strip so always very lively and packed.  Very packed.
Stayed in alot of shady Vegas hotels.  And this isn't the worst one..that warrants the dual stars.  Other than that, location is decent and price is right.
There is no reason to come here. Well, the cafe is good. If you are looking for affordable and good off-hour eats then come here and get your grub on! Other than that, the tables (gambling kind) are kind of a joke and the rooms here... well, stay somewhere else.
good breakfast buffet and good steak and eggs deal. but very crappy hotel.
the only thing that saves this crackhouse of a casino is it's all you can eat breakfast buffet. wonder what it'll be like once it turns into the hooter's casino?  probly just as terrible.
Horrible, horrible, horrible.

First we made the mistake of getting off the elevator on the 5th floor which had been completely gutted for remodeling. No wallpaper, no carpet, nothing but a lamp with no shade on the floor and an impending feeling of doom. (our room was on another floor)

We were woken up to a giant jackhammer on the floor above us at 7am. We then had to go through hoops to get moved to the 2nd tower which was not under construction.

The restaurant staff told us a meal would be comped and then tried charging for us. The supervisor argued with us and basically told us we were lying.

When he went in the back we stole the food. 


It's now the Hooters Hotel and Casino. The construction is reportedly over, but as god is my witness i will never step  foot in that building again.
I was delighted to stumble upon a Prince lounge act at the Boardwalk Casino. Who doesn't love a little Prince in Vegas? On Saturday night, you can find a few fake Princes lounging around - my friends and I saw the purple jumpsuit prince (yay!) and a strangely large Prince in a tiger striped blazer (boo!). And remember they take their lounge acts seriously in Vegas. My friend was so delighted to see him, that she busted out her digicam and started snapping pictures. Much to our dismay, we got booted out of the lounge. All my friend could yell as we were escorted out was "What's the problem? It's not like he's the REAL prince."
I don't get it. Its about time they tore down this casino and put up a real one.
You know what, I'm actually a little bit sad to find out that this hotel was closed down, blown up, or whatever.....the only reason being that I'm such a dork, I actually LIKED their buffet!!!!  ;-)  When I stayed there, I wanted to go see the Prince cover act, I swear I really did, if only it didn't start at 2 AM......geez....I took a late nap and woke up the next morning so I missed it.....
Oh, so everyone else gave the Boardwalk one star...Not me, baby!  Yes, I realize it's been torn down/blown up/otherwise undone by human hands...

Why do I love thee so?  Well, this was the site of my wedding.  My marriage.  My betrothal, if you will...  

Okay, so we were broke kids in love, looking to elope in Vegas after a (LONG ASS) drive there from SF.  In July.  With no air conditioning.  If our love can survive that, it can survive anything, right?  So far, yes.  

Also, the Boardwalk had a fabulous and small casino, unbelievable Prince revival every night and pretty damn good odds.  Also, a very sincere but cheesy ministeress who performed our wedding (much to our delight, althoug it was difficult, nee impossible, to supress our giggles)....

Great place, now gone.  You know they'll build something better in its place.  We'll be there for our 10 year, 25 year and 50 year reunion.  Oh yeah...
Grated, this was one of the most dilapitated establishments on the strip...but although The Boardwalk Hotel & Casino is closed, it still holds a special place in my heart.  A review is in store for providing a memory that will be stamped in my head forever.

New Years 2006

Two Hotel Rooms:          $250
Three Bottles of Moet:     $90
One Bottle of Goose:      $40
Mixers:                               $15
5 Girls under 21 wishing they were of age to attend 
all the clubbing, gambling and other fun during one 
of the craziest nights & and getting plastered beyond 
oblivion instead:      ***PRICELE$$***
...and here are some photos right at the end.
There's a good reason why this hotel has closed down. I won't get into details, but I was comped a room... I should have just paid to get a room in a better hotel, but you live and learn. 

First of all, I was by myself, and for all you females out there, listen to me when I say, use the internal door locks, regardless of where you are staying. Anywhoo, after a long, debaucherous night, I go back to my room and pass out. Which was surprising because it seemed every Frat house in America had booked there and judging by the noise had plans on reliving Animal House there that night. So a moment of silence finally comes and I'm awaken by a key at my door, I don't know who was on the other side of that door, or why they were there, but they had OPENED my door. That's when I ran to the door, locked the internal lock, called front desk, packed and got the hell out of there. Good riddance.
The boardwalk is one of my favorite budget hotels and casinos. It will be missed. I loved the deli. The cheap good fried food. the good lounge acts. The quarter game machine. Great location and great prices. Was a memorable experience every time i stayed here or just visited there just for cheap food and fun. Shrimp cocktails fried shrimp or chicken. for 6.00. If i didnt want a buffet or any thing fancy i always came here.
The Boardwalk Hotel and Casino is no more and is now where the Mandarin Tower is located but it's nice to remember that it still exist in my long term memory as far as when I was a kid going to Las Vegas back in the 90's. 

What I liked was looking at the fake fair on the front of the hotel with the fake roller coaster in the front and I thought it was real and wondered why I never saw it being used and the ferris wheel was fake too! 

All in all it was a nice looking sub par hotel on the Las Vegas strip that lived up to it's glory with the land put to better use with the construction of City Center with the Mandarin Tower located right where the Boardwalk Hotel use to be.
RIP. This place was great. I miss it so. The location was perfect. The price was cheap. They had a deli here that was great served fried shrimp chicken and fries for like 6 7 dollars it was insane. When i first started coming to vegas when i was 21 i would always stay here. I loved it. Not the best for a hotel but was good enough, i would compare it to motel 6.
It's cheap, they usually have rooms, and they have $1 Blackjack!  It's not new or fancy (although they did recently renovate the rooms), and it's up at the end of the strip near the Stratosphere, but it's a good home base for your wild Vegas stay.  Spend the money you'll save on gambling instead.
We're not all whales flown in from Japan on Gulfstreams... for us, $1 blackjack! The casino is pretty ghetto and all but you get free drinks to wager pennies at a time! I like this place when you want to kill time, waste a little money and get drunk.
I lump this along with the IP as a cheap and bearable place to stay. I also have to give it props for being the hotel that I won 1100 bucks at playing roulette. Being drunk and gambling sometimes does pay off, kiddies!
$50 rooms even during conferences (20min walk to the convention center), Monorail station and rooms are much better than in the motels around the Strip. Wired and wireless Internet for $12 a day - works great.
The Sahara is On The Strip. I like that in an LV hotel. Also, it has a monorail station downstairs, which can take you down The Strip, to any number of OTHER cool hotels.

I think I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for The Sahara, though. I liked how they put your name on the television set, welcoming you to your room. I also liked that they made decent drinks in the casino... you know, the free ones you get while gambling?

PLUS, I won over $500 here in one day, which is pennies to some people, but for a novice like me, it was A LOTTA DOUGH!!! I was totally kvelling over my winnings! There were a mix of people in this place, too... young, middle-aged, old.... though not as many old people as were at The Plaza. 

My hubby, sister, her friend, my mom and my new step dad all had a great time here! The food in the restaurants wasn't bad, either. The breakfast buffet upstairs was actually pretty darned cool, even though it's in a cafeteria-like setting. They had anything you could ever want for breakfast, and it's 'all you can eat', which is why we go to Vegas in the first place, baby!

The Sahara is a bargain for a Strip hotel. I recommend it! (Just don't expect fancy shampoos or soaps in your room, or mints on your pillow. At least the rooms didn't REEK like the ones in The Plaza.)

Go, have fun. Win some money! Just save some for ME!!!
The buffet was full of mystery meat...

I really can't complain about their under $10 buffet. It's under $10 with coupon. It's nothing special, but it's still better than standard buffets outside of Vegas. 

The hotel seems cool in that it has rides. It's so far off the Strip (for me, it ends at Wynn) that I would never consider staying here, even if it were $20 a night and they gave me a chimp.
Probably the worst place you could stay in Vegas.  The place is old, dingy and the rooms smell like smoke, the food was nasty and it's very far north. 

The only semi-redeeming quality of the place was the fact that it had a decent poker tourney (which you can find at any legit poker room on the strip).

The only way I'd ever stay here again was if every other room on the strip was booked.
The hotel is older but seems clean and the staff is friendly. For the price, its not bad. The location could be better, you feel a little out in the middle of "nowhere" compared to the newer hotels. I'd suggest  renting a car if you stay here. 
Your probably asking yourself, "How can this be a 4 star rating?" Well... The coaster adds 2 stars for me. Its great. In fact, I'm really giving the "Speed" coaster 4 stars and the hotel 2.
One of the better gambling casino's on the "new" strip.. cheap tables and good luck!
This was a GREAT hotel back in the 50s.  The rooms have been updated but not to the new Vegas standards.  Though often cheap rooms can be found I don't suggest staying down here.  The area around the hotel, especially south of the hotel, isn't the friendliest of all places.  Though filthy rich real estate moguls have finally purchased the land near by and have began building high rise condos.

Whatever you do.  DONT EAT AT THE BUFFET.  Save yourself the money and go eat at McDonald's across the street.  Don't eat at McDonald's either please.  Spend the 5 extra dollars that you were gonna throw away anyways and eat at one of the other buffets.
$1.00 blackjack!
Sahara was perfect when I had the college student's budget. But I'll never stay here again, I don't even think I want to even walk in here again. All the rooms smell like smoke even if it's a non-smoking room and the linens look like they're been there since the hotel has opened.
GROSS!!!!!  Manky manky manky!!!!

I had to stay here for four nights cos "somebody" forgot to book our rooms early for CES...  The first night, there were yucky curly black hairs on the bathroom floor, and a large stain on the carpet.

Day two:  Came back to my room to realize that they didn't change the sheets, just made the bed (ok, that's fine by me really...  as long as they change sheets between guests...  I HAVE MY DOUBTS).  Took a brief nap before the evening festivities, and when I awoke...  unwisely made closer inspection of bed I was in....  There was a crusty substance (I'm trying to convince myself it was cream of mushroom soup) on my BLANKET!!!  Not the gross bedspread I always pull off the bed...  MY BLANKET!! YUK YUK YUK!!!

Day Three:  B reported that there was dried blood on one of his "fresh" towels.  Eeeewwww!

Day Four:  I'm sick...  I blame the room.

And they charge $12 for every 24 hours of wireless!!!

The only redeeming quality was the "so bad it was good" lounge act the first night.

I'm a little bitter.
What's with all the bad reveiws? This is such a fun hotel! Okay okay, so it's not classy or fancy or anything even close. But it gets the job done...meaning there's clean, spacious rooms. They're quite plain but nice and didn't smell smoky at all. The hotel is easy to navigate, and that's a big plus for me. Adequate amount of slots and tables, but a waitress only came over to me once. 

It was nice to get away from the insanity of the strip even though it's actually on the strip. To get around we took the Monorail which goes from one end of the strip to the other and stops at 6 or 7 hotels on the way. Cabs are surprisingly not outrageous so that works too. 

The buffet was pretty good. Simple stuff but very fresh. The dessert rocks too. This is a good place to stay if you want something very nice but low-key and a live and let live kinda atmosphere. Plus it was a good deal which was important in the decision making. I'd definitely return.
YIKES!! We stayed here about a decade ago and it was gross then and it's still pretty gross now. I guess it's cheap, but then again, cheap and dirty vs. clean and pay a little more... hmmm..... I think I'll pay a little more thank you very much.

The coffee shop still has a relatively cheap steak and eggs deal, but when compared to the others we've found, it's considered expensive.

Will never stay at this hotel ever again and probably won't even step in here the next time we visit. The old memories should just be exactly that.... an OLD memory.
This was the first hotel I stayed in Vegas, and of course at the time I liked it (I didnt know any better), now that time has passed I can say that I really dont like the place (sorry) the area where it is sucks, I take a Downtown Hotel any time, and sometimes they are even cheaper. Oh and dont even get me started on the buffet, it made the person who was with me really sick.
Nothing exciting, not exactly high quality. Just another casino/hotel for the budget minded.

Small rooms and small bathrooms. It is what it is. A place to stay for the night. 

They have a casino downstairs. $1 black jack tables. That's pretty much it...
1.5 stars ... Definitely a hotel from the past here.  Time to implode and redo this place.  

The bad thing (for inexperienced travelers) is that Expedia and others give this place 3 stars.
I rate this place 3 stars for the price alone.  

The hotel leaves much to be desired.  The rooms are old, the halls smell like 30-year-old smoke, but for $39 midweek and  $99 on the weekends you can do a lot worse in Vegas.  I mean, I don't care how nice the room is--I don't see it while I'm passed out drunk.

Benefits:

Monorail stop that isn't horribly far from the hotel tower.
$5 blackjack
Poker room is a good size and has daily tourneys.
They have internet--a lot of casinos don't.
You can get toothless hookers and crack just around the corner. :)

Things that pissed me off:

Check-in took forever (and we arrived at 2AM!!!)
Selection of food is bad.
Parking garage elevators are slower than slow.

I'd stay at the Imperial Palace if you can get a similar rate just due to the center strip location, but you can do a lot worse in LV.
Although the prices are fairly low, you definitely see why in the rooms.  If one could imagine a 70's era Ho-Jo located out in BumbleF****, Middle America, then you start to have an idea of how truly wretched the hotel portion of this hotel/casino is.  The website is clearly deficient (and some might be brave enough to say, "deceptive") in describing the quality of it's rooms.  There have been positive points made for the monorail stop; however, after using it... I must say the monorail is a complete disappointment.  A much better idea (especially, if your party includes more than one person) is to just cab it around.

A further note, the casino part was interesting and somewhat illustrative of the old Vegas feel.  But, it lacks any real reason for a visit.  I do have to disagree with others though, the smoke smell was not as pernicious as some may have you believe.
Want to stay on the strip but you're a cheapskate? Sahara is the place for you.

Old + Falling Apart + Terrible Shows =  great character.

Only problem is it's a little too far away from the heart of the strip.
Haha. I just have to take a second to soak it all in and laugh it all up.
The good thing about this place is that it actually has a monorail stop, which means you can get from point A (the Sahara) to point B (as far as possible, which would be the MGM, or anywhere in between) in a snap. The second star out of 5 would be the pool. Although I didn't actually get in, I had the chance to spend some side-by-side time with it, and I thought the scene was pretty charming. The size of the bed was nice, and the water pressure was fine.
As for the three stars this place did NOT win, I could mention the 4 dollar a day electricity charge (since when does electricity not come with the room?), or the wireless that wouldn't work for 2 days, but these are really not that important. The thing that really ruined my post-trip were the welts on my hand, shoulder, chin (ugh!), and elbow from....ba-bada-baaaa...! Bed bugs! Wee!
But hey. 3 dollar blackjack. *itchin' chin*
...naaa, still not worth it.
I have stayed at the Sahara Hotel twice.  The rooms are clean and cost is low. The slots are tight.  Hospitality is fantastic! Listen, this is a great hotel for the cost.  The MONRAIL entrance is right at the hotel. Just just use that system to go to the Strip.  That is what I did each time!
The Sahara Hotel and Casino is an older property that is located at the heart of the Las Vegas strip. Its room prices are at the lower end of the price range for Las Vegas Strip locations and only slightly above the price of the MGM properties Excalibur and Circus Circus. 

For the slightly higher price are you getting a nicer room, elevators that come within fractions of a minute rather than minutes and LAN and Wireless high speed Internet access rather than just Wireless. The Buffet is also excellent in quality and price and the Room service is cheaper than you might think. I used it several times and it was fast, not much more expensive than paying at the restaurant and good quality. 

The Monorail station is right next to the hotel, which provides a great alternative to using a cab without the need to walk a long distance to the station itself, like it is the case for several other Las Vegas Strip properties. 

Overall are you getting a very good deal. I stayed at the Sahara already three times and prefer it over the Excalibur, Luxor, Flamingo and Circus Circus. 

The Wynn is much nicer, true, but you also have to pay for a single night almost the same what you have to pay for a whole week stay at the Sahara.

The rooms are spacious, but not fancy and only equipped with the essential stuff. The A/C control lags some precision and a bit more lights would also not hurt. I was only staying in the room to sleep and to work a bit on my computer on the Internet, so that those short-comings did not bother me too much.

I also do not gamble and can't say anything about the quality of the Casino itself. I always ask for a room in the tower that is close to the Lobby entrance, so I do not even have to see anything of the Casino at all.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sahara last September and we had a nice stay. Sure it isn't as glamorous as other hotels on the strip but it definitely exceeded my expectations. My boyfriend picked it because of the pool. I read several reviews before going and I was definitely nervous but the Sahara was good enough. For a hotel I require, safe, clean and warm and the Sahara was definitely that. The decor is a little work and out of fashion and the hotel definitely doesn't have the brand new car smell. If you're looking for a clean, safe place to crash while youre out and about at the nicer hotels then stay here. The staff were definitely friendly and the pool was nice. Most of the guest are older but I wasn't trying to party with the guests anyway. Book a room here and enjoy yourself in the casinos of other hotels.

Don't eat the buffet here, no matter how cheap it is. It isn't worth it.
The first time I came to Vegas, we were staying at the Paris, which apparently is just too full of functional, non-gambling or drinking adults with children for me and my girls, so we headed for the Sahara and its $2 No Bust Blackjack tables.  We basically spent our entire vacation at those tables.  The dealers were fun and friendly, even the pit bosses chatted with us.  Okay, granted, we were there for like three staff changes (no sleep is necessary in Vegas due to all that extra oxygen they pump onto the casino floor) but they really were cool.

Minus two stars for Paco's Bar and Grill.  A steady 13 hour diet of Bud Light clouded my judgment to the point of thinking that eating Mexican food at a desert-themed, low-budget casino would be a good idea.  Well, Bud Light was wrong and I scored some impressive FBI (food borne illness) but danged if I didn't lose 5lbs on that trip.

I still love the Sahara, though, and I continue to return for blackjack every time I'm in Vegas.  Come on, it has its own "NASCAR Experience" in it!  I don't know what that is, but I'm pretty sure it's Bud Light and crappy Mexican food, which sure as hell beats cappucinos and mimes at the Paris any day!
If you are looking for a cheap Vegas trip and just need the hotel as a place to lay your head at night the Sahara is just that.  For a cheap price you get a cheap no frills room with just the basics.  

The best parts:

1.the pool was awesome. Lots of beach chairs, large sizes pool and great view of the roller coaster passing by.

2. they actually have the table game ........WAR!! Can you believe it. I think I almost Sh$t myself when I saw this. I'm not a gambler so seeing this table game was like an oasis in the desert. I swear it was the most fun I ever had loosing $40 bucks!  It reminded me of the casino that Clark Griswald went to in National Lampon's Vegas Vacation.  I am still waiting for the rock, paper, scissors table. 

3. The Beatles stayed there in the early 60's. You see plaques commemorating this throughout the hotel.

4. Close to the monorail. After a night of partying we went from one end of the strip to the Sahara in like 5min. It was super unreal how fast it was. 

The worst parts:
1. It was far from the other hotels. We had to cab it or take the bus.

2. The restaurants sucked. Don't bother eating here if you can help it

3. Once you see how cool the decor and entertainment is on the rest of the strip, you'll feel like you're staying in the ghetto. 

Overall, if  you are strapped for cash and plan on using the hotel as just a place to sleep. It really wasn't that bad.
I only walked through.  But I was afraid.  I mean, seriously afraid.  Everything looks so worn down and tired.  The people too, and not just the ones working the floor, but the people staying there.   It's in the middle of nowhere, unless you count Hooker Emporium down the road to be another hot attraction.  

I could see how it would work if you were just going to be sleeping there and eating and drinking and getting your Vegas experience somewhere else, but then again, you might as well put your cab or bus or monorail money into a pot and get a place that's a little more centrally located!
While the location seems ideal being close to downtown and yet on the strip, it actually became a HIKE.  (And I live in Chicago and walk everywhere.  This was just a long and tedious and boring walk to take to anything resembling action.)

The rooms were in terrible shape, and on the whole the place was depressing.

The casino was kind of a fun place to end the night.  And it was CHEAP.  One star for each.  But the next time I came to Vegas I stayed at Paris, and would pay to do so again.  No more Sahara for me.

Prediction: It's plowed in 5 years or less.
This place was the most horrible place I have ever stayed at in my entire life.  There were pubic hairs on the floor and the drawers, there was also something very drippy and nasty on one of the chairs, if you want to guess what it looked like, please feel free.  I was scared to touch ANYTHING in the whole room...  I changed rooms twice and finally called the housekeeping manager to my last room and made them re-clean it.  The worst part about it is that I paid $188 a night because there was a big trade show in town.  
The dining in the hotel all sucks as well and it's too far to walk anywhere at all.  Most newer hotels have ventilation systems that filter the smoke out of the casino floor, and these tend to work really great, this hotel had nothing so I was smelly the whole time I was there. 
Instead of putting people who help you on the floor they put people who try to sell you timeshares, so you can't walk though the place without getting hounded by five people at a time trying to sell you stuff.  
I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER stay at this place again!  A dirty park bench on a snowy night in the ghetto would have been better....
I'm still really mad.
HISTORIC VEGAS....little else

If you're a fan of old Las Vegas....well you probably still will not want to stay here.  Maybe the best way to break this down is to show some of the positives versus the negatives.

POSTIVES:

Balconies-  If you stay in the old Alexandria tower, then in most rooms you'll be treated to something that you don't find in Vegas very often(probably due to the potential for accident or suicide) and that is the balcony attached to your room!  It's a great place to kick back with a brew and watch the strip!  You also get fresh air (provided your neighbor doesn't smoke 10 packs a day...something that isn't out of the realm of possibility, especially since that's precisely what happened to us) and a great view of the north strip!  

Casino-  Very friendly, intimate, and surprisingly well kept for a 50 year old casino.  It's also very reasonable!  Unlike SOME (most) strip casinos, there's no $50 minimum blackjack anywhere to be found.  I also recommend checking out the "retro" casino with the tables next to some pretty hot dancers who easily distract you from your gambling experience.  (Yes...this is a good thing)

Monorail Station-  Convenient to the hotel, it's easy to access anywhere on the strip with just a short walk.  Monorail prices are pretty reasonable as well.  

NEGATIVES:  

Dirty Rooms-  As many on here have mentioned, the rooms are VERY dirty and old!  That's saying something coming from me, because I usually am not very picky.  The management wasn't even embarrassed that the room we stayed in had peeling wall paper (not just a little but most of the wall!) burnt out lights, mystery substances in weird crevices...the whole nine yards!  Staying in the room felt like I needed a long shower...except that was dirty too!  

Restaurants-  Granted I really only tried the coffee shop...but the food wasn't the best.  I guess I should say it was par for what you would expect out of such an old place.  

Some older hotels on the strip are/were kept up in a reasonable manner (i.e. the Stardust...God rest its hotel soul).  Not the Sahara!  The rooms are dirty and they don't seem ashamed of it!  When I stay at the Sahara, I wanted to feel like I was in old Las Vegas....but not QUITE that much! 

Uggh
Im not going to review this hotel,Im Sorry. Buuuuut I will review the middle aged man walking out of the elevator singing:

"Girl shake that Laffy Javvvie, that Laffy Javvvie!"

DUDE, ITS SHAKE THAT LAFFY TAFFY!

1 star for trying.
1 star for lyrics.
1 star for making me laugh out loud and askin my friend. "Did he just say Javvie?"
Well what can you expect from a hotel that's less than 3 stars and way past it's Hey Days!

Not good for food.
Ok for lodging.
My friend and I stayed here because I was comped a room.
Gaming here is inexpensive.
$5 Paigow poker (off hours)
$5 Craps (off hours)

That's all I really go for.

I also checked out the pool.  Not too bad.  But not too big either.  At least there was music thumping in the background but was constantly drowned out by the dumb rollercoaster.
This is a good place for those who don't mind about sanitation & still want to be sort of on the far end of the "strip" at a cheap price. I had no choice in staying here, b/c it was selected by someone else w/o the knowledge about this place.
I've stayed in motels that are cleaner than the room I stayed in since the hair dryer & top of the toilet seat had dust on it.  Even some of the old downtown Fremont area casinos look in better shape & much cleaner looking (ie Golden Gate).
There is a pool at least, just don't eat at the cafe near the registration desk unless you're starving b/c you can probably make your own better sandwich. At least they have the Nascar Cafe to drink up before you go into your room.
Be careful with what time you check in, b/c if you check in around 3PM either one hour before or after, your wait time is at least 1/2 hr, b/c at there are only 3 people out at the front desk around the time I checked in.
The Sahara, where the Beatles played at when they were in Vegas.

This place is aged, and small, and smokey, and all in all... OLD. It's like that guy that was catcher at the starting lineup for your favorite baseball team, who was bounced after a couple years, became a journeyman, and now is playing single A ball for some independent league out in the corn fields of Nebraska, hoping to scrape up enough cash to pay rent at his cheap-o hotel room.

The rooms are small (and smell). It's old school vegas, but without the cool of the Rat Pack. There are only 3 things that keep me from giving it the one star finger:

1: It's next to the monorail
2: They hosted the Amazing Jonathan (still do to my knowledge)
3: $5 blackjack.

1 and 3 are no longer big drawers for me, now that I'm out of college and have a bit more expendable income, but they keep the 2nd star for Amazing Jonathan. And this story.

My buddy and I were playing here after a show, fairly sauced, and not fully loaded down in the wallet. We're playing a $5 table, just to pass some time, and maybe make a little bit more cash. Drink server comes by to take our order, I ask for a beer, he asks for a Johnny Walker Black and soda.

Keep in mind, we're at the $5 table. My friend is shocked to near speechlessness (unfortunatly he couldn't be shocked to total speechlessness 'cause he bitched the whole way back to our hotel) when his JWB came back looking like a drop of johnny, and a glass of soda. I had to remind him, $5 table, but I do get a chuckle everytime I remember his face of what basically amounted to a slight amber tinted cloud in a glass of water.
I only stay here when a room doesn't mean anything to me on my trip and all I want is a bed and bathroom for myself. If I were on a honeymoon, trip with wife, kids, etc., I'd stay elsewhere. The buffet is cheap, and I've actually paid three times more for food and have eaten about the same things, like at Treasure Island buffet. I'm rarely in the hotel when I do go to Vegas so a cheap room in a place that is still considered a hotel rather than a motel isn't bad. Getting in and out of the parking structure is easy, and you don't have to contend with the major traffic from farther down the strip. Rooms are dirty, wallpaper is wearing off, elevators are rattling, the place is definitely on it's last legs. I'll miss the cheap rooms when it does finally go, and the history.
Sahara--it's a Vegas hotel... I doubt anyone would care as long as the price is cheap--no one really stays in a hotel room during their stay in Vegas anyways, right??

Well, at least that's how me and my homies felt.  We're in Sin City to shop and party, not sleep all day!  I guess we spent more time in the hotel room than expected-- so here comes the review.

First off, the front desk lies about early check in!  We drove to Vegas and were pretty dang tired and wanted to check in early.  My homie called in a couple times before realizing that its the same person picking up at front desk, so started to fake his voice, asking what time early check in is.  The guy gave him 3 different answers... well, the guy might have just been messin with him cus he keeps callin, but we were desperate.  So we walked in and discovered the LONG check in line... weird.. I thought check in wasn't for another hour?  Well, people were gettin their rooms... geez, we waited in our car, delirious for two hours, for nothing!

The room was much smaller than I expected.  We had a smoking room with no ash-tray... not a big deal, but geez, were we suppose to tip the guy when he brought one up to us???

One of my homie and I went down to the pool to relax.  Pool is an alright size, lots of chairs, towel service, beer and music blasting.  Once again, though, no ash trays in sight, eh.

Room blankets were very thin, which is cool when it's hot, but once we got the AC blasting throughout the night, it gets pretty chilly... I guess I could've just gotten up to turn off the AC, but it's the principle that counts! .. and yes, I eventually turned off the AC :).

Room service is a big nono.  Food is cheap for roomservice, but you get what you paid for... well, not technically cus I dont think anyone really wants to pay to have diarrhea.... INSTANTEOUSLY... yes, all four of us.  Not to mention, pizza tasted like cardboard, sandwich tasted like cardboard and OJ was warm.

One room was 80bucks, two queen size bed and a tv.... it's cheap, prob stay there again ONLY because it's cheap... I woudn't put too much trust in that place, and definitely would spend a lot less time in the rooms than we did last time.
I have never stayed at the Sahara I have only stoped in for the cheap tables. Thats really the only plus about the Sahara.. cheaper to play usually means you can play for longer. If your staying at the Stratosphere, which I don't recommend the Sahara is close enough to walk to. If your are coming from the other end take a cab its not worth the walk.
when an opportunity to visit Vegas especially on New Years happened, i  was happy to join the fun.  Since I haven't been to Vegas since i was 5, there's definitely more things to do :D

But  staying at this hotel has scarred my Vegas fun.   First of all the light in our hotel room (you know the one where there's supposed to be one when you stepped into the room was broken) so i kept on thinking why is our room so freakin dark. 

Well the guys stayed in the next room so i knew there was supposed to be a light in our dimly lit room.   Besides the darkness of the room always thought the room was a bit on a dirty side.  Granted it's probably the cheapest place to stay on the strip for New Years.  

But gah! i'd rather stay at a Holiday Inn or Day's Inn in comparison to the Sahara.  I'm not saying the Holiday Inn or Day's are bad places to stay in but have had much better experiences there.  *cough*  a more lighted cleaner establishment to stay in. 

One minor highlight was the convenience of the hotel being hear the Tram (which was very convenient on New Year's Eve).  But there were other hotels that were near the tram too. 

I know the next time when i come to Vegas; Sahara is NOT the place to stay at.
Considering the fact we only showered and slept in our hotel room, the Sahara was quite a bargain. It was super cheap and on the Tram which turned out to be very convenient as we used it quite often.  There was absolutely nothing fancy about our hotel room, but there was nothing bad either.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is visiting Vegas on a budget.  Save money on the hotel room and use those savings to see a Cirque du Soleil show!
For college girls on a budget, the Sahara is great. I think we stayed in a deluxe room that had two queen beds and a balcony overlooking the pool. The balcony was the best part; I love balconies. The beds and pillows sucked though. In my eyes, if you're wasted face and you still can't pass out on a bed, then you know there's something wrong. That's exactly what happened to me all weekend. 

The check in was HORRENDOUS. Check in began at 3 p.m. and we got there at 2. We decided to go in anyway and play a couple slots while we waited. Well, we changed our minds immediately when we saw that there was already a check in line that went across the entire lobby. We skipped the games and waited in line for over an hour. 

Besides that, the bellhops there were soooo nice! When we arrived and left, they wheeled out our many bags all the way to the parking structure and loaded them into my car for us. 

Sahara is getting a facelift from SBE entertainment (you know, of LAX nightclub), so hopefully, we'll see something more modern in the next few years.
OK - note.. I DID NOT STAY at the hotel.. 

but since there isn't another place to put this.. it's going here.

The sports bar that is off to the side of the keno lounge - almost to the game pit - away from the gaming, away from the smoke... 

makes the best damn drinks in vegas.  $6 gets you really nice martini, filthy as hell, and a cute friendly bartender serving it to you.

had I had all day (instead of an hour to kill on that end of town) I would have been WASTED with these little lovelys.

So.. if you find yourself down that way, and want to plop in a nice AC bar, and watch, eh, soccer, baseball - or gawd knows what - order up a drink.  They are amazing.
There's not much to say about this place. me and my two friends stayed here on a thursday night for 30 bucks. i'll just say you get what you pay for.

small room, small shower. the place looked gully, and it almost looks like you're gonna get mugged if you walk to your car.

i wouldnt stay here again, ever.
As far as the rooms, amenities and pool go I give this joint 2 stars. It gets the extra star because the slots we're loose! I was w/a group of 5, we ALL went home with money in our pockets and hit some good wins! It was a fun novelty to stay in a little part of Vegas history (the Beatles, as well as Marilyn Monroe have stayed here). You can even reserve the Beatles room they apparently stayed in. I loved the old school spacious balconies! Very good for a..... *ahem* smoke.We stayed in the "historic" part of the casino. BUT, you cannot control your rooms A/C... this wasn't too much of a problem regardless of the fact it was 102-104 degrees during the day. Well, not for me. For my roomies, it was. Anyways it is controlled by a "central A/C unit" or something, so basically the casino had control over how much cool air you were graced with. LOL. Let's just say they were a little stingy... this room cost me around $40 a night, so I guess you get what you pay for. But I know of plenty hotels in Vegas for the same price if not cheaper that let you control your own A/C!!! If you sign up for the free slot players blub, you get a cool little free souvenir w/your name on it, ha. The buffet is very big, edible to okay food quality and only $6 w/the card as well.

Overall, unless you're a huge Beatles fan or something I wouldn't recommend this place. Unless you can find a use for that balcony like I did.
Viva Las Stinky! After a long 8 hour drive to Las Vegas we arrived at the Sahara Hotel which is where the Rat Pack used to hang out back in the day...well Frank, Dean and Sammy are all gone...but the rats are still there! 

Not really. But man this place sucked. We snagged a great deal through Travelocity but I don't think it's worth it. Our room in the Tunis Tower had a smokey, musty odor and lots and lots of carpet stains. The beds were crappy and the pillows were like sleeping on one little cotton ball. Awful. 

I could go on and on...We're not picky travelers...but the Sahara was a major disappointment. It was cold and windy during our stay. The pool area actually looked nice and relaxing. It was just too cold and windy to hang poolside. 

I thought it would be old-school cool but it was just old.
Now, I'm all about the old school casinos where you can almost see the ghosts of Dean and Frank, but I'm pretty sure their ghosts have left this building.  Stopped for a minute when we saw $5 BJ, but when we gave the skanky waitress our drink order and she hadn't reappeared in 8 hands, we too, left the building.  As we made our way rapidly to the door, I noticed that many rooms seemed to have a view of the highly sketch path to the monorail.  Sweet.
My buddy got married here on Saturday night so thats what this review is going to be about.  I have never stayed here so I cant review it per say.    We came here Friday night to meet up with everyone and hang out.  Gambled a little and didnt win squat.  Had a few beers and bounced back to the Riviera where I was staying. My friends wedding was very nice.  They had the ceremony upstairs in a room...maybe the chapel?? I dont know what you would consider it.....anyways......  As soon as the ceremony was over, they clear everything out and then bring in tables and chairs etc. for dinner.  Dinner was pretty good.  An Italian buffet.  Bomb ass stuffed shells.  They had 2 kegs of Coors Light which made me happy and they had a decent DJ and the staff hosting the thing was cool.  Not a bad place to get married I guess.  Ive seen better, Ive seen worse.  Hanging out with friends I havent seen in awhile, and the overall celebration of the whole thing made it worth the trip out to the desert.
We decided to take a 4 night trip to Vegas in October.  This would be about the 7th trip for me.  My friends and I are on a budget and always look for bargains and good deals.  I'm really not too picky about hotel rooms because very little of our trip is spent inside the room.  After searching several internet site for rates on various hotels, we chose Sahara for the budget price and the fact that there is a monorail stop there.  We always use the monorail extensively to travel back and forth along the strip.  It's much less expensive than taking a taxi everywhere you want to go.  So we booked so-called "Deluxe" rooms at the Sahara for about $35 per night.  I had been inside the Sahara casino several times.  The casino and public areas are quite nice, and I expected the rooms to be the same.  

Check-in on a Sunday afternoon was quick.  Rooms were assigned on the 7th floor of the Tangiers tower, which is supposed to be the newest of the three hotel towers at Sahara.  After stepping out of the elevator on the 7th floor, I was less than impressed by what I saw.  The ceilings in the hallways were very low and it was kind of dark.  We found our rooms and stepped inside.  The rooms were very, very dated.  The carpet was stained and worn.  The furniture was old and peeling.  There was a chair at a writing desk that had all kinds of stains on it.  The bedspreads looked as though they'd been in use for 30 years.    A small, old television set only received about 6 or 7 channels.

The rooms served their intended purpose of sleeping and showering, but I wouldn't even think about trying to enjoy or spend any time lounging in the room.  

There was a surprise at checkout also.  This hotel adds a $6.00 per night hotel fee on top of the room rate.  Now this might have been stated somewhere in the very small fine print that nobody ever reads, but it still came as a shock.  So that made the room about $41 per night plus tax. 

Overall, the hotel room served its purpose, but I don't think I'd stay at Sahara again.  The casino action was fun, but cocktail service left something to be desired (Yes, I did always tip).  We didn't try any of the restaurants there. My experience at the Sahara for almost a week was somewhat less than my expectations.

Come on Sahara.  Invest a little money in some room renovations.  You would be rewarded with customers who are more satisfied with their stay and would want to return.
I did NOT stay here. I did, however happen to hit up the buffet, the last time i was in vegas... DISGUSTING! Ended up being scared away from ALL buffets, because of this one. And the Nascar/Redneck theme is JUST PLAIN STUPID. 
YEE-HAW!
Stayed here when I was 9 and went to Vegas on a family road trip.  I seriously thought they blew this place up a while ago, cause I haven't really noticed it the 3 times I've been here since I turned 21.  But yeah, I guess they got to keep some of the old school hotels around.  Don't remember much, but I do remember these rooms are very basic.  But this is where I watched porn for the very first time in my life when my parents left the room to go gamble.  So +1 star for free porn channels.  Not sure if they still have that good of a deal and if they upgraded from those turn knob television sets.

And no joke, when we were sleeping here one night, I could hear a girl moaning through the walls.  I guess they didn't sound proof the walls back in the day.
I've gone every year with friends for a 3-day weekend for the past 10 years.  I am a club member and my stay is usually less than $100 total.  It is "old" Vegas as in literally old (for the strip) and tacky like the old days.  If you want Bellagio, Walk up the strip.  This is a great place to crash and to gamble.

It has cheap rooms, cheap food, and cheap gambling on the strip.  If you want to go to a fancy club, get in a cab.  You want to stare at beautiful people?  Get in a cab.  You want an inexpensive place to eat, drink, gamble, and sleep?  You've found it!

The rooms with balconies are priceless. There are NO open balconies left on the strip except here.  The rooms are classic cheese.   EVERY room has a burnt iron mark on the floor and comforters with cig burns.  (Who is ironing clothes that stays here???)  

I am a moderate gambler.  You can find 5 dollar tables and there are some nice dealers.  You want to pay $15 per hand minimum?  Walk South down the strip.

The Nascar theme is NOT classic and thankfully is sequestered to an avoidable part of the casino.  The Caravan Cafe is fantastic - think 1970's truck stop at a Howard Johnson's without the diesel fumes.  A lot of old fat people rave about the cheap buffet; that's all it is is cheap cafeteria food.  Speed the ride is pretty sick.  It is near the buffet and I sometimes like to go on it after I just gorged myself.
I really used to be a big fan of the Sahara.  In fact, up until today it was pretty much the place I always stayed in Vegas, but now the love affair has died.

To be fair, I really should write separate reviews for the hotel and the casino.  I'll start with the hotel.  The Sahara is pretty much the cheapest hotel in Vegas that won't give you something potentially fatal or disfiguring by coming into contact with the sheets.  If you stay here I reccomend you splurge for one of the premium room.  The standard rooms are just a little TOO beat up.  I mean hey, old school is cool and all, and I figure at least one of the cigarrette burns in the table was probably done by Elvis or something, but man I need internet and other amenities or I'm staying someplace else.  I would give the hotel as a stand alone two stars.

Now for the casino.  The Sahara casino has all the charisma and charm of a 67 year old hooker with missing teeth.  It used to be different there.  They used to have $1.00 blackjack tables.  Those tables rocked.  You've never met so many happy people sitting gambling.  There was usually a twenty plus minute wait for those tables.  Anyone with half a brain would have designated MORE tables as $1.00 blackjack tables, right?  You do know what's coming next... they raised the table minimums to $5.  Idiots.  During the week I can gamble on five dollar tables in MUCH NICER casinos.  Why the hell would I go to the Sahara if you're not going to offer me something better or cheaper?

OK, so then, and this is the final straw for me, they had this one game of blackjack where you could put another dollar down and if you got  natural blackjack you could push a button and win up to a grand (but you normally only won like five or ten bucks).  It was fun, and once again it filled tables.  So, what do you think they did with it?  Yep, they did away with it.

Friggin' IDIOTS.  So now the Sahara is mostly emplty and the people that are there are the 80 year old smoking while carrying their oxygen tank around crowd and people from the 909.  This is why I give the Casino one star.  You average my score for the hotel with the casino and that's how I arrived at two stars.

I do hope they redeeem this place, but since they wont I say let's go ahead and implode the sucker before it gets any more pathetic.
I stayed here last September with my boyfriend, we'd reserved a queen bed room in advance. NEVER AGAIN. They double booked us so we wound up with some smokey double queen room which lacked in every which way.. I mean I know it's not the best hotel but I can't stand smelling smoke the entire time I'm in Vegas, it's bad enough the casinos aren't aired out. We didn't even get any discounts for the inconvenience. JERKS! Next time if I want to stay at the end of the strip we'll be at Stratosphere the rooms are 10x nicer.
I'm going be a bit more generous than my fellow Yelpers..don't worry, explanation will follow.

I'm play a dorky MMORPG called DragonRealms (or DR for short).  If any of you fellow dorks (or even people from the 80s) that remember the old Infocom text based games like Zork or Enchanter, then you get the idea.  Game is like that, but a bit more complex.  Anyway, every year DR players gather twice a year, once at the official Simucon at St. Louis and the unofficial/player run convention in Las Vegas.

One of Simu's employees Solomon has his birthday in the first weekend of March, so it's good time for him to fly out, go out and eat, check out the strippers and drink until the early hours of the morning.  Oh, we do have a short game forum or it would be just another extented party and not a convention.  I've gone the last four years (twice at the Fountier, which has since been demo'ed) and twice here.

Here's my logic for a 3-star review:

For starters, our organizer got some pretty bomb-ass discounts for our room rates.  $60 Friday & Saturday and $40 Wedneday, Thursday, Sunday?  Yah, the rooms are pretty beat up (at least my non-smoking room only had a burn mark from a dropped iron right in the middle of the room) but our suite was OK.  Not like I slept much anyway, although I did gamble some and took walks and 30min naps here and there.

Sahara is the only casino where you can host a gathering like this and they let you bring in outside alcohol.  The hotel does have a small liquor store on site, but we're bringing up cases of beer, ice, mixers and whatnot, so we're not sitting at the main bar ordering $4.50 beers.

When I wasn't with the group, I spent a couple hours in their Abracadabrah bar (north side of the casino, before the NASCAR bar) and had nice pints of Bass or Guiness ($5 and $5.50), which was very reasonable (much better than the gal that ordered an MGD for $4.75).  They also had a $12 50oz (more like 48oz) draft promotion, so you get a nice 50oz-ish of Guiness and a nice big 50th anniversity glass to take home.  If you run into Jay from New York, he's the best bartender in the hotel.  He was also nice enough to find a barback to get boxes for my nice new glasses.

Gambling-wise I was down $91 for the weekend, play five sessions of craps.  People were either bucking the point or getting couple rolls before a 7-out.  Thank God I was hedging, but I had a couple tables where the dealers were less than cordial, so no odds bet on point for the boys.  My last table was terrible, as far as the dice went, but I learned a bit more from actual table time than at-home practice.  Hint: when making place bets just give the dealer a stack of chips and tell him what you want....giving exact change slows you down and I lost a couple of key rolls because of this.

Another Yelper mentioned the lack of $1 tables; they might have differnent table limits during the day/night, weekend/weekday, but $5 tables on the Strip are pretty much standard...if you're looking for $1 action, you need to go to Fremont Street.

So, one star for the beat up room, one star for having our groups own booze and one star for Jay from New York (but he's a five star bartender).
My fianc and I stayed here over the weekend for a wedding. It seemed cheaper than most anything on the strip, but I guess that alone should have been a red flag.

We reserved a premium, non-smoking room with a king sized bed. It was run down, but I had seen worse elsewhere.
Though, the next day as we got ready for the wedding, we saw a cockroach run across the floor. Not acceptable.

We informed the front-desk of the roach, and while the clerk gave us a bit of attitude, she said they would switch our rooms when we returned from the wedding.
Since we were tired when we got back and didn't want to wait in the long line at the desk, we just figured we would call the front-desk from our room to get the switch done. Should have been simple...

About 10 minutes of either busy signals or endless ringing later, we were getting annoyed. We called the bellhop, which amazingly answered immediately. They were very helpful, and suggested to ignore the line and go straight to the windows for the switch.
After finally getting our new room keys, we called the bellhop back to help us move. They were there in less than 5 minutes. But as we opened the door to our second room, we realized that it was not only non-premium, but that there were two full beds, instead of the single king.
 
We attempted the phones again, but ended up going back to the front desk. We told the clerk about our issues. Her only response was, "Oh, that wasn't a roach, it was just a water bug, we have those here!" WHAT? My fianc finally just said, "No... we need for you to make this right." Out came the manager...

The issues were explained again, and the guy at least pretended to look shocked and upset for us. He explained that they had a limited number of premium, king bed rooms, but that he would see what he could do for us, and then vanished behind some doors for about 5 minutes. When he returned, he told us our rates would be reduced by more than half for both nights, and that they were working on getting us a better room. He disappeared again for about 10 more minutes. Then he gave us new room keys, and we were on our way (again...).

Room #3 had the right bed, and did not look as beat up and worn as room #2, but we're pretty sure it was non-premium. But at that point we gave up. We had a decent room and were paying much less than we expected, and we figured there was not anything else that they could (or would) do for us.

Bottom line... avoid. It's cheap, which is nice, but really not worth the hassle. If they had a cleaner, better kept establishment, we would have been fine in the first room. It really seems that they've simply given up on this place. It smells musty, looks incredibly dated, and after staying there for a weekend, it's just gross. I don't like the idea of roaches crawling about my belongings.

And the customer service skills over-all were incredibly lacking. Even the cocktail waitresses in the casino would take orders, and then simply not return with the drinks. There is much better out there than this place, that is for sure.
Not a bad casino off the strip! You can't go wrong with $3 blackjack and cheap Texas hold 'el limit games. Lots of alcohol flowing too so it makes the poker games entertaining.

I played a lot here, and used my comp card. Hope it gets a complimentary room. I'm currently staying free with my folks complimentary stay. Rooms are nothing special but they have pretty nice tow away beds if you have extra guests in your room.  Definitely vegas on the cheap!
I am going to upload photos so that y'all know I'm not joking!  I booked a room on expedia.com and drove up to Vegas to meet up with my family.  I got in about 3am...a bit tired after a long drive but happy to be in a hotel.  I love hotels!!!.  Happily there was no line at registration but I dutifully stepped into the "line" until the registration clerk acknowledged me...it took a bit until she finally looked up to my pleasant "excuse me, is this where I check in?"  Ummm....she was unfriendly...almost rude but she would have had to work hard at that so obviously didn't bother.   No "Good Evening/good morning"  No offering up a polite smile.  "Checking out?!?" she said..."umm..no...checking in?"

Really just your average or below average underwhelming experience.  So what..this is Vegas Baby...get to your room and lay down...wake up...have a mimosa...all will be well. This is what I tell myself....

So I make it up to my room...the carpet was worn and frayed at the door and can I tell you that when I stepped into the room I thought I had gone  into a time warp?  Welcome back to the 80's!  Dirty sheets, ripped blanket..none of the lights were plugged into a socket except the one in the entry...tv didn't work...the list could go on but I think we all have the picture.  Now to be honest...there are worse hotels in Las Vegas for $27.00 per night (oh and a $6.00 booking fee!)  Was planning on extending my stay and not staying with family but ugh..yuck!  Happily checked out the next day...early!  

All I can say is that it's cheap...and I'm thinking they're really close to renting by the hour!
Take this review with a grain on salt. We(my gf and myself) signed up for a a timeshare presentation at the California State Fair last year with the promise of a free stay in Vegas including airfare. We were given the choice of the Riviera, Sahara or one more hotel that I cant remember the name. We choose to stay at the Sahara. Its a free trip!! We weren't expecting the Four Seasons. It is a free trip mind you. The hotel is located at the far end of the strip between The Wynn and Stratosphere. The hotel room was clean, yet mildly out of date. I was told that there had been some substantial renovation to the property, but I guess new carpeting was not in the budget. The pool was fun with an eclectic mixture of families and middle aged adults.Definitely not the same type of people that go to The Hard Rock Pool. Our room looked out onto the pool and we were able to see the lot where The New Frontier used to be. We played a few table games but spent most of the time down at the more happening part of the strip. If you are lucky enough to sign up for a Tahiti Village Timeshare presentation then do not hesitate. Free airfare and hotel on the strip. You cannot beat that, and if you can please message me with your secret.
April '09 was my first trip to Vegas and we got a good deal for the Sahara as the Palms (my mom has stayed there and she loved it) is quite expensive and booked up. I personally was thrilled to be staying in one of the few remaining classic Vegas landmarks. 
I know that the Sahara was built circa 1952 so I wasn't expecting something that was completely trendy and flashy so to some degree it did live up to my expectations. 
I have stayed in a Resident's Inn by Marriot that was alot better in nearly everyway than the Sahara but with one exception. The experience and history that the Sahara has packed into it. For the money, I was pleased. And I got to stay in the Alexandria Tower which once housed the Beatles in 1964. I love a time warp and the Sahara gave me that experience.
This must be where all the "working girls" cruise late in the evening.  It was like running the gauntlet trying to leave the casino.  They were everywhere, and a couple of them were pretty aggressive too.

Had a good video poker session here.  No big wins, but played a long time and left a little up.  The cocktail waitress was actually pretty efficient this time, much more so than last.
Ok. Here's the deal. 

My buddies and I come for a week every year. This property is our choice for $1 dollar Blackjack, decent location, and affordable rooms. This is a 'dude' trip where accommodation aren't that important. 

One caveat - if you like playing cheap Blackjack this is the place. But they only bring this option a couple a times a year. We go every June and seem to hit this 'special offer' annually. So, if you're booking in the fall I doubt they will have these tables available unless you play between the hours of 4-6 AM. 

Another caveat is getting your room comp'd. Simply get a players card and play at the tables each night for about $50 buy in. I often would wager $5 when the pit boss was around and then would bump down to a buck when they weren't looking (usually when I was stemming the losses). You could easily put together an hour at the table. Cash out after an hour and VOILA you'll get a free room at the end of your stay if you ask them to verify your points on the players card. 

We don't bring our wives because we'd then choose a different property. The rooms are a little outdated. You will rarely have a room with a decent view simply by the configuration of the hotel property. 

The pool is usually clean, you can always find a lounge chair to sizzle beneath the sun (unlike the Mandalay), and they serve Newcastle. 

This place ain't velvet but more like a soft polyester.
When we checked in to the hotel we were given a room that had a huge water stain leaking on the carpet from our room to the hallway!  We open the door and it smells like S%*T and there is an industrial fan blowing on the floor--drying out that mystery leak...Rad! We got a new room.

It was during a big Nascar event so it was pretty awesome to people watch. The German Air Force was staying there. They would sit by the elevator and drink beers and smoke cigs in their jumpsuits. They were funny.

Overall this place sucks--but is super cheap so whatever. The little store that sells booze and beer had a nice staff. I didn't win any money. I like Hooters better if I'm gonna go cheap!
SH*T HOLE of a place! Yes I said it!!! A major WTF of a hotel. It took me hmmmmm 20mins just to check into the place after making on-line reservations. We then get to the room and the freaking lamp had NO bulb!! Good thing is was 10am otherwise we couldn't see and damn thing. We call room service and a guy comes up who couldn't speak a lick if english hands me the bulb and leaves! I was like aren't you going to test it??  The tub holy S had a PATCH on the inside! WTF WTF WTF I was like F that and got another room.

POOOOOOR food we only ate it because well it was the only thing to eat at that point in time. STAY AWAY from this place!!

LAS VEGAS WHY DID YOU NOT TEAR this place down with the other hotels?!?!?!?!
This hotel falls into the category of, "Wow....are you serious?!"  Let me start of by saying we booked this hotel not expecting much.  We got a decent rate and weren't there for the luxuries of a hotel.  That being said, we checked in around midnight on a Friday.  The line must've been about 40 people long and there were only 3 employees checking people in at the front desk.  It took us well over an hour to check in. 

We finally got checked in and stayed in the "Alexandria Tower".  The hallway was warm and the room was just as warm.  A sticker on the wall above the thermostat read something along the lines of, "Thermostat control does not control temperature.  Only airflow."  It was 85 degrees at midnight and I can't control the temperature of the room???

We ended up changing rooms the next day. The next room was cooler but the faucet in the tub would not stop running.  EEK!  It served its purpose but you'd honestly be better staying at the Motel 6.  It's cleaner at least!
I guess I should not stay here due to the complaints here, but believe it or not, I really like going here and gambling because of the $1 blackjack and the $1 Roulette on the video screen.  Anyways I like the table games and I am a cheap gambler so making $5 dollar bets and losing it all is not ideal.  I just like going there and losing $100 dollars and not worrying anything about it and making the most bang for my buck.  Anyways the dealers were really nice.  

I wonder how that 6 pound burrito tastes like though.  I wonder if it tastes like shit because it is $20.00 for the sucker.  I did not go on any of their rides however. The Nascar theme is really cool and enjoyed it. I think I would go back, but I probably would rate it lower if I stayed there.  But what you pay is what you get hehehe.
I last stayed here maybe 3 or 4 years ago, the first time I went to Vegas.  We chose  this place because it was inexpensive...but that turned out to be a mistake.  This hotel is rundown and dirty, and it's also really far from everything else on the strip.  I remember walking around a lot and it wasn't worth it.  It's worth paying more to be closer to everything.  I guess the stratosphere is nearby, but we didn't even go there.
I stayed here at the Sahara with a friend who got the room comp'd and it was "okay". I wouldn't pay for it.

The check-in lines I noticed were extremely long. I requested a non-smoking room but clearly the room they gave us smelled like cigarettes (especially the bed). Perhaps they were giving us the shaft because it was a "free" room, but I really didn't like that.

On the second day while I was in the shower, the water suddenly turned off. My friend called the front desk while I stormed to the lobby to find out what the hell was going on. Apparently, there was a leak on our side of the hotel and all of the water was shut off. Okay, thanks for the heads up guys! The only highlight of that was we got moved to a much nicer room.

I enjoy coming to Sahara for the gambling, it's one of the cheapest on the strip but the place is a bit far from the mega casinos so I'd probably stay somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas. Last time I was in Vegas, I got a really good rate at Tropicana which I would take again if I was on a budget simply because it's closer to all the action. I had a rental car anyway because I drove to Vegas, so the distance wasn't a big deal but if I didn't have a car it would have definitely been a pain. I'd probably pick Hooters or Tropicana if I wanted to go hotel cheap next time.

I have to agree with other yelpers there is a total lack of $1 tables. I'd definitely would have played more at Sahara, but I didn't see any of these supposed $1 tables my entire weekend! Perhaps it is more of a weekday thing?

I ate at the NASCAR bar, didn't care to try the buffet it looked crappy. Food was really greasy.

The pool wasn't bad though.

I doubt I'd come back to Sahara, ever honestly.
This place is good for the money that you pay.  It's cheap for a reason people!!! You can't expect to get super service and accomodations when you are spending $29 a night!

This is the perfect hotel when you do not give a rats ass where you sleep as long as it has running water, ac, and a bed.

I have stayed here quite a number of times and I will be back.  It serves my purposes and the downstairs casino is entertaining and the NASCAR Cafe is very entertaining as well.
Absolutely terrible!!! Does cheap mean that I have to put up with FILTH?? The self-parking garage is disgusting, Footprints on walls and ceilings. DO NOT GO INSIDE THE GARAGE ELEVATOR. 3.The room 2051, was old and disgusting. From a housekeeping standpoint, the room was clean. From a room condition aspect, it was old, worn and outdated. The furniture was old and had many scratches from years of wear and tear. The carpet had many disgusting stains on it. There was an old musty smell to it. STAY AWAY- don't let the cheap prices fool you, or you will come out looking like the fool......like me. )c:
Given the choice between sleeping in my car and staying here again, I will choose the former.  That's what I get for planning a last minute LV trip on the super cheap. Only slight positive to my short  weekend haunt here is that I cracked the poker tourney on Friday night and had some winning sessions on single deck blackjack.  The rooms are seedy, the clientele seedier, and they even managed to jack up the room price at checkout with the good old bait-n-switch price quote.  The manager didn't care what the reservation quote said, she insisted on me paying the full amount.  Never again even if they paid me to stay here.
Sahara is good place to hold your personal belongings, shower, sleep, brush your teeth, and take a deuce. That's it!
The hotel was okay.   My husband and I stayed there on 4th of July 2007.   The room was clean.
loves the casino downstairs... hotel was ok...thats all
I would consider this a huge motel.  Non-smoking room smelled like smoke.  Rooms dark. Beds uncomfortable.  

Fine if you are just sleeping and getting the hell out of the room.

Would never stay again unless it was practically free.

Also, they get one star for being a monorail station stop.
Will not stay at again.

At the time, it was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip available.  I paid around $40/night.

No hot water heater, no fridge.  UNABLE TO ADJUST TEMPERATURE IN ROOM.  Right away, I needed to call for service for lightbulbs that were not working.  

The only pluses were it's considered hotel on the strip, and it's right next to the monorail with easy access to other hotels.  The blackjack tables are pretty cheap as well.  

The 2 star was for an overall horrible experience even given the cheap price.  Will not stay at again, even at $15/night.
So labor day weekend, I was supposed to spend the night at a friend's house while in Vegas. Night before, she flaked out. Greaaaaat. What to do? Well, we searched through kayak for the cheapest rate during labor day weekend and found that Sahara had the cheapest, or at least decent price for that weekend and its location.

Theme: This place is a mesh of Arabian nights, meets Nascar. Yeah, weird huh? Well they have that Nascar cafe randomly in the front along with the random roller coaster. I didn't care so much about the theme.

Room: We were lucky because we ordered a 1bed non smoking and the guy at the counter gave us an extra bed for no additional cost. They played well for my buddy Peter S. because he didn't have to sleep on the floor. But the room is what you call janky. As soon as we walked in, I searched endlessly for the light switch. Lo and behold it was on the polar opposite of the room. We were seriously laughing our asses off when we explored the room. Found our smoke detector broken and on the floor. One of our lights didn't work. Our remote didn't work. Great view of the parking structure. One teeeeeeny tube of shampoo SLASH conditioner. Not both. 

We already expected all of this when we bought the rooms, so it wasn't any surprised.. we were too drunk to care.. and just laughed it away. So I guess it was okay. But had we had planned the trip thoroughly and thoughtfully, we would have never been here in the first place.

As I walked down the hallway to where the elevators are, SERIOUSLY, a tile from the roof fell and left a hole on the ceiling. If that tile came close to hitting me.. i probably wouldn't need to gamble to get some money!! But shows you how unreliable and unsturdy the actual building is.

I have learned to never go to vegas on a holiday weekend. And I will never resort to coming to Sahara, unless my accommodations canceled the night before.
This is the worst hotel i have EVER stayed in. Its more like a motel not a hotel. It was dingy, dirty, run down, looked like a haunted house. Plus the room that they put me in stunk sooooo bad i had to leave the window open the whole time. Not to mention that it didn't even look like they cleaned it after the previous guest that stayed there. There was hair all over the bathroom. Garbage between the night stand and the bed.  I will never book this hotel again. People kept saying for the price you pay its worth it. Well, i dont think so at all. For the price of 30 plus a six dollar charge at the time of check in which equals to 36 dollars i could've booked it with circus circus.  Customer service sucked as well. I waited in line for damn near 35 mintues just to check in . The representative at the front desk didn't seem to enjoy there job. No smile, no greeting, not even a hello.  I would give this place no stars if they allowed it. Horrible place.!   oh! not to mention they put me in a room right next to an ice machine that leeked and caused a flood right outside of my room door.
it was cheap, it was clean enough.  the beds were uncomfortable, the non smoking room smelled a little like smoke.  there are no fridges, you can't control the temperature on the thermostat.  it is kinda far from all the action, but has a monorail stop... too bad the monorail costs $5.00 every time you get on it.  oh and the internet is 13 dollars for every 24 hours.  

if you are looking for a really cheap place to stay and some really great people watching, its not terrible but the beds at circus circus are cushier and i've heard stratosphere isn't so bad either.
Do you LOVE the smell of a rotting carcass coming through the AC vent? How about questioning the cleanliness of the sheets/carpet/comfortor? Is being on The Strip important for your high roller social status, but you don't have the $$$? Well, if so, then this is the place for you to stay whilst in Vegas.

Unfortunately, we chose Sahara based solely on price. It is cheap, really cheap. About $50/night for 1 room. Is it worth it? I guess it's okay if you can get really drunk, and just pass out, without taking in the rest of the hotel and room/smells/odors. 

I was, however, impressed by the pool. It was clean, good sun, and nice and refreshing. 

Don't get scammed using the monorail if you are with more than 1 person...the taxi is the cheaper way to go.
After reading the reviews, I expected the worst.
I went in with very, very low expectations.
And I was pleasantly suprised!

I found this to be on par with a roadside motel.
Except this one has a pretty nice pool, 24 food, free booze and $1 blackjack tables.

I also enjoyed the monorail stop.  Unlike some of the larger hotels, this place's monorail stop is very easy to get to.  

I'd stay here again if need be.
the room was free. i feel like i shouldnt complain since i didnt have to pay to stay there but still. im going to. this place is utterly gross. gross, Gross. i left LV with major sinus congestion from the nasty mildewy carpet. and with a rash on my face! due to the slimey water i had to bathe in. which was very inconsistent as far as temperature goes. warm then effing cold then warm. i agree that this place needs to be torn down. G-ROSS.
The Sahara Hotel ruined our wedding anniversary.

Our wedding anniversary is on Halloween. We chose the Sahara based on its price and the room looked really nice on their site. I had made an advanced reservation over the phone and requested a view of the strip, a king size bed, and wi-fi for the room.

We arrived in Vegas yesterday, on Halloween, our 8th wedding anniversary. After 5 hours in the car driving from Orange County, and standing in a 30 minute, 20 guest, 3 employee check-in line, I was furious to find out that they gave away our room. Plus we had checked in early! We were pretty upset and I asked why they did that, and the woman told me that they ran out of rooms. Whatever. So she gave us a new room with double beds and a view of the strip on the 21st floor. They also had not added on the wi-fi like I had asked and we needed to fill out a card for "incidentals", which would be $30 a day... We got our keys and as we headed up to look at the room, we were ambushed by an employee trying to get us to go to a 90 minute presentation at Planet Hollywood for some condo/timeshares they have. He said he would give us $100 cash and tickets to a show. After wasting 5 minutes of our time, I explained that we had just checked in, and we hadn't even seen our room yet. So to get away from him, I told him we'd come back later. He said he wouldn't be there, but because it's our anniversary, he was going to treat us to a magic show at Planet Hollywood, and he handed us a coupon to the show. The coupon expired 4 days ago.

We headed up to the room, and the view of the strip was nonexistent. All we saw were tall hotels blocking the view and a lot of construction. The double beds were not very inviting and my wife was not too happy about being up so high. We headed back downstairs to stand in another long line to be greeted by the same woman who checked us in before.

We told her the situation and she offered us a room on the 20th floor. How is that any better than the 21st? She said if we wanted a king size bed, it would need to be a smoking room. We reluctantly agreed and she put us on the 7th floor. We got the room at about 4pm and the housekeepers were just walking out of it. There was no view of anything except the parking garage and the Hilton down the street, where we had spent our honeymoon 8 years ago, where we had a fantastic time. We figured this was the best it was going to be, so we headed to the disgusting parking garage and got our bags.

We got back to the room, and I took out my Macbook and tried to get online. Everything in the room was unplugged, including the lamp, the TV, and the modem. I plugged everything in and still couldn't get a signal. So I called the front desk where I spoke to a really rude employee who told me I didn't ask for wi-fi and told me it was $12.99 for 24 hours. He then asked me for a credit or debit card. I told him I had already requested it and he said I didn't. I told him I had requested it, and it was for Saturday, Sunday and Monday. He told me he didn't know anything about that, and then he said "Do you want it turned on or not?" WTF is this attitude from all the employees here?! I told him to turn it on, and after 3 more phone calls and 5 more attempts, it finally was up and running.

The more we sat in the room, the more we could smell that nasty cigarette stink. Almost everything we had in the room was instantly tainted with that stink, bags, clothes, even our pillows we brought from home. How could a room that was just cleaned by the housekeeping staff stink so bad? I was beyond enraged by now, and we had only been there about a few hours. We were both miserable because of all of this and I had enough. I told my wife pack up our stuff, we're going home.

We once again got back in a long line and I told the woman there that we wanted to speak to the manager, but he was walking the floor. I guess a guest requesting the manager isn't too important to even ask why. I told the woman I was checking out and I wanted every single penny back that I had spent in their hotel. After I explained to her everything, she wasn't too receptive, but I managed to get back all the money and have it all put back on my card. Also, no apology from her at all.

Heading back to the car, we had to carry all our luggage up 3 flights of stairs because both elevators were now broken.

I will never go back to the Sahara Hotel. I hope after reading this review, it helps you make an informed decision on where to stay when you go to Vegas.
sa-horor.

I rather stay at a motel.

The suite is just a regular crappy room, but bigger. I feel dirty even after I showered... There's no "do not disturb" door signs to put on your door, so early in the morning the cleaning lady comes by and bangs on the door and just opens it before your eyes could even open with a big "HELLLLO?!"

never again... *chills*

I rather spend 500 bucks.
first n last time stay here. staff was friendly. room was dirty. dirty used condom sitting on table and house keeping was just leaving the room when i checked in at 4pm. tried to catch her when i noticed this but she was gone, called front desk but no one ever showed up. hotel needs updates they need to send the employees to "how to clean 101" restroom was so dirty i bought something to clean it with. oh n if can avoid going during thanksgiving weekend do it!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! that's how i felt after the 8+ hour drive back to Cali...ive been to vegas many  many times can find good inexpensive rooms, but here ewwwwwww never again
The Sahara was known as the playground of Elvis, The Beatles and the Rat Pack not that many years ago. If for some reason you didn't know this- the management has obliged you with lots of black and white photos here there and everywhere of their famous guests of the past.

In the 21st century, The Sahara is starting to show its age compared to other newly constructed luxury hotels in Las Vegas, but considering the price differences The Sahara should not be overlooked by the budget conscious.

The Monorail stops right across from the Sahara's Paradise road entrance and can take you to the heart of the strip (and beyond) economically and fast. Airport shuttles serve the Sahara at reasonable rates.

The Sahara has a very nice outdoor pool and other amenities such as the NASCAR Cafe and Sports bar as well as a cozy comedy club and night club.

There are inexpensive dining options nearby as well as fast food if you prefer or are on a budget.

The Sahara casino offers the normal slots, video poker and table games and also has a great players club program that can be used for discounts in most of the shops and restaurants in the Sahara.

The in-room internet service is provided by Cox Communications and is available for the princely sum of $12.99 per 24 hour usage. Please note that there are other less expensive wireless internet providers such as Boingo that can provide internet service for as low as $7.99 per 24 hour usage. Check the signal strength of the other providers from your room before using the "house" service. 

If you are looking for a basic, clean and comfortable room in Las Vegas at an affordable price, give The Sahara a close look. If you prefer something newer and shinier, other hotels on Las Vegas Boulevard are more than eager to take your money.
Of the Vegas hotels I've stayed at, this place ranks above only the airport Travelodge and the only reason I stayed at the TL was someone stupidly scheduled our meeting during CES. Think 1970's motel, including the pizza delivery flyers strewn about the hallway and under your door. My room was clean and decently large and that's all the positives I can think of. Did I mention the tattoo parlor opposite the front desk? A discount is included in your fun pack when you check in.

It's clear there have been improvements in recent years but in a rather haphazard fashion, so the Nascar theme area is new (and sparsely attended) but the rooms, hotel area, and casino look like they haven't been renovated in about 25 years. There were none of the typical amenities in a newer hotel/motel like flat screen TV, coffee maker, or room safe.

Beware of the annoying mandatory "resort" fee of $6/day. I object to this practice as it's a hidden surcharge you discover either when you've booked or started checking in and should be included in the room rate if it's mandatory. In any event, I didn't see any resort and I certainly wouldn't have paid a cent to use it. Maybe they'll start charging us a flushing fee next?

The location is at the extreme north end of the strip and none of the Vegas sights are nearby. However, the monorail and "deuce" doubledecker bus are conveniently close. I didn't ride the monorail but it appears to get you to their limited stops a lot faster but at a higher price. The deuce is a modern doubledecker bus which runs between Downtown and the south end of the strip. A 24 hour ticket is also good for other bus lines if you wanted to go away from the strip. Some major places like LV Hilton, the convention center, and Hard Rock hotel are off the strip. Patience will be needed at busy times, however, as traffic and hicks who've never ridden a bus will slow progress to a fast walk.

In conclusion, if you're looking for a cheap place to stow your stuff, take a nap, and attend to your hygiene while in Vegas, you might give it a try but it ain't the Venetian.
1.5 Stars.
Run down and ready to leave for Vegas.
This used to be a pretty nice place back in the days, but it really needs to go.  The parking lot is ghetto and that is the same for the rest hotel/casino.  We came here to the buffet last year during the winter and they only run at dinner time because of the low crowd.  The ventilation is horrible (my non-smoking lungs got so dried up from all the smoke here!).  They also charge a nice 28$ cancellation fee if you don't cancel before 72 hours of your check-in time.  That's pretty hefty because we decided to cancel only 4 hours after making the reservation!  Oh well, I won't be coming back because I get comped hotel rooms elsewhere.
Great price $24/day

I mean who does anything in their hotel in vegas besides sleep anyways. The room was clean. Parking was ok. Shampoos are teeny though.

The limits in the casino are great if you aren't a high roller. Staff was very friendly. I'd highly recommend the joint. Just a bit a ways from the heart of the Strip
Ok, I actually liked the Sahara. Stayed there last October and plan on staying there again when I go back to Vegas this year. It is not the nicest, but we had a suite on the 18th floor and it was very spacious. Had a living room, a wet bar, nice bedroom and bathroom and a balcony with a FABULOUS view. The casino is big, but not too big that it is a 45 minute trek to find your party in it. The hotel really has everything you need. There was even a tattoo parlor! Biggest complaint was that the pool was absolutely freezing. The water could not have been above 50 degrees. Yes, it was that cold.
This place is the armpit of The Strip.

The funny thing about Vegas is that you can judge a lot from the condition of the restrooms.   The super high-end places are sparkling clean and have guys waiting to give you hand towels.  The mid-range places are unattended but still astoundingly-clean.  The Sahara had a "Caution: Wet Floor" stand pushed against the urinal, this amongst what looked and smelled like piss on the floor.  Used paper towels strewn all over the place, unflushed toilets with you-know-what inside. I kind of wanted to puke all over the floor, but then again I doubt anyone would have noticed.

Okay, glad that's out of my system.  The rest of the casino just looks dingy.  The prevalence of the NASCAR theme inside did a lot to make me really truly hate this place.  The only saving grace here is that they have $1 blackjack but there are some seriously questionable characters sitting at these tables.  It's like they airlifted the largest trailer in the world into Vegas and spray-painted "SAHARA" on the side.

Please, do yourself a favor and visit another casino.
When I made my first visit to Vegas nearly eight years ago, I ended up staying here due to its location and low price.  The Stardust was still alive, as was Star Trek at the Hilton, and there was still of a "playground" mentality about Vegas.

Times have changed, haven't they?

Whereas some of my favorite places have gone the way of the dodo in less than a decade, I still retain a bit of nostalgic fondness for the Sahara.  It's one of the last few "original" casinos still left on the Strip, and none of the new places can boast that they had acts like the Rat Pack, Elvis, the Beatles and Liberace.  Not IMPERSONATORS, but the actual real people.  No matter how swanky the new places are, they'll never be able to top that.

But that doesn't mean all of that dewy-eyed nostalgia makes me oblivious to the current condition of the Sahara.

The place needs a fresh coat of paint, some new carpeting, some better ventilation (read: "smoky"), a little bit of TLC.  Seriously, how much would it kill them to just do some spit and polish on the place?  And then of course, there's the whole "NASCAR" thing, which I never see anyone use, and makes as much sense to the desert/middle eastern setting as armpits would on a banana slug.  Seriously, it's time to upgrade to a more relevant theme.  And maybe it's just me, but the tattoo parlor inside seems like such an odd choice for a casino shop.

But I will say for the 3 times that I had stayed there over the years, I never had a problem with the service or my room.  Mind you, this was before I moved here over two years ago, so if anything's changed, I can't comment on that.

The rooms are cheap, the buffet is one of the cheaper on the Strip (it's not amazing food, but it's not bad, either), and if you look at the signage on the wall, you can figure out what room the Beatles stayed in (the door frame looks a little different than the others).

The Sahara has a very long lived history, and in itself, it's a piece of history.  With the old casinos constantly on the "endangered species" list, with threats of a wrecking ball always looming in rumors and speculation, I don't know if it will see another 50.  Not in the current state that it's in.

A little bit of cleaning and restoration would go a long way with the place.  While Vegas is all about trashing its own history without a second's afterthought, I'm of the mindset that some things should be preserved, and restored to their former glory.

Bottom line: It's showing its age, and could use a fair bit of care, but it's a cheap stay, and an interesting piece of Strip life from the 1950's.  So take that as you will.
I see why people stay here. But it just doesn't belong anymore...it's too old. I mean it, SUPER old. It's got cigarette stains everywhere. It either needs to be remodeled or torn down. Not worth your money, go to Excalibur if you're that desperate.
This place was clean and really cheap.  But it definitely doesn't look like they have changed any of the fixtures/carpet/etc since their heyday when Elvis visited! Lots of cigarette burns, smelly hallways, and worn out carpets. Good to stay at if you are just sleeping in the room (clean sheets!) but go somewhere else if you expect anything more than that.
My gosh some people are brutal on here! IF you came here thinking it was the second coming of Bellagio then it's your fault not the Sahara's! It is what it is, one of the older hotels on the strip, maybe a bit run down, however, let's take into light the positives;

1. Super cheap, I mean I've had car washes cost more then the rate of this place per night. 

2. You're still ON the strip, as opposed to places like Rio and Palms or any other hotel off the strip.

3. You get a bit of the old Vegas feel. 

4. With places like this, that cost so much less then the other big guys, especially in this economy, it will create tactful competition, causing others to lower their prices as well. 

Let's face it, the money you pay to stay at a hotel is almost pure profit. That's why hotels can comp your room and still take you for a ride. Why not save on your lodging costs and put that towards better restaurants, shopping and booze! 

If you're planning a romantic get-away with a gold digger you're trying to impress, don't stay here. If, however, you're looking for a good time, and you're on a budget, head on over to Sahara!
Although it's definitely no longer glamorous, it serves its purpose! I mean, really, all you do is SLEEP and shower there anyway, and most of the time you don't even notice the conditions because you are too drunk (or should be) anyway. It's on the strip, though a bit far from some of the main attractions. When we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that the floor had burn marks in it from the iron. Pillows were lumpy and stiff AND the ice dispenser was broken. However, it was clean. The people at the front desk were friendly, and check in and out was fast and easy. For $73 on a Saturday night, booked the day of, it wasn't bad at all (we were in Alexandria tower).

Overall, for a broke college student only there to party, it's FINE!
Very dated Casino, staff at the check in/out desk was extreamly rude, not only to me but to several folks in line. Buffet was closed during our entire stay.  Room was substandard. A/C didn't work in our room. we had to be moved. Come on no A/C in Vegas? We were baking in our room. I'm sure in it's hay day this probably was "The Hot Spot" but those days have come and gone. If your just looking for a place to drop your bags and grab a shower on or near the strip this is your place. If you expect anything more try your luck some where else. You will be disappointed. You get what you pay for here. Very Little.
This is a review of the Sahara's poker room.  I've never stayed at the Sahara but I love their poker room.  It's not fancy-schmancy like the Wynn's room but they have a decent number of tables (15) and games going on, $2-$4 with a single $2 blind, $1-$4-$8 ($1-$2 pre-flop).  They have a good tournament too at 11am, 7pm, and 11pm.  It's a $40 buy in for 1500 in chips with an optional $20 rebuy or add-on within the first hour.    The dealers are pretty nice and I've seen some semi-pro's play here.  There's a lot of locals playing too.  This place offers my favorite tournament on the strip because it's cheap to buy in with a good size pot at the end.  Plus there's no smoking.
This is the cheapest place on the strip...I won a poker jackpot here in the the poker room so I love this place, they have a lot of good deals and if you book hotels.com and then call the Sahara they will match the price and you don't have to pay the hotels.com service fees and all that muck, plus they have nice big new plasmas on the top floor they just got in about 8 months ago for only like $10 more.....
THE nastiest hotel I've ever seen! I'm surprised that we didn't find used needles, condoms and bedbugs!

  What we did find (and I'll upload a pic of), a nice blue-green ring around the bathtub and what looked like a little drip of sh*t on the side of the tub. 

  I ended up switching rooms 3 times, finally I just accepted the fact that the entire hotel is trash and there is no way I'm going to be comfortable if I'm staying here.

   If ALL you can afford is a $20 hotel in Vegas, then you probably shouldn't be going to Vegas at all. Just save your pennies and wait until you can afford something a little nicer. 
  
  If you were like me and had a cheap boss, I'm so sorry. See if you can possibly make your own hotel arrangements.
From start to finish, this was a bad experience.
I have stayed there a few times before and while it is not glamorous, it was at least clean but this time was dreadful.
My reservation was messed up which caused a delay at check-in, the non-smoking room reeked of smoke, the bathroom was filthy. There was a long hair in the bathroom sink and mildew in various places in the tub. The faucet and other fixtures were dirty also and the floor was sticky.
The TV reception was dreadful and when you tried to turn down the volume it would become extremely loud and you needed to turn it off to stop the noise.
 
Breakfast in the Caravan cafe was OK but the service was horrible.
The crowd has gone down hill also, as the night got later it became more and more seedy and we weren't too comfortable on the casino floor (especially the party pit).
I would not recommend staying at the Sahara and will not be doing it again myself.
Great poker room.  Played the 11pm tournament for $45 buy in with an optional $20 re-buy/add on within the first hour.  Although the casino is not nice by any means, it's a great place for cheap tournaments.
Anyone who would rate this hotel below a four is an elitist pig. There, I said it. With cheap drinks, access to the monorail and $1 beers hot  dogs and black jacks, this is one of the best deals on the strip. With $20 rooms, how can you go wrong? Especially considering that no beds have been filled with dead bodies or drugs needles, one should go and experience some of the old style, Rat Pack era Vegas hotel.
This is listed as a 3 stars hotel. When I think of a 3 star hotel in Vegas, I think of: Bally's, or Harrah's, or even Imperial Palace. Sahara is none of the above. Sahara is so. much. worse.

When you walk in, you see gray, heavily stained carpet and you smell strong, disgusting, cigarette smoke everywhere you go. This hotel is so dirty that my husband and I didn't even want to walk around the casino let alone use their facilities (they charge you $6 a day for facility fees, by the way). 

When we checked in, they gave us a room with 2 twin beds. We brought this to the front desk's attention and they said that they'll "take care of it" and move us to a king sized bed the next day. Next day came and went, I called the hotel 4 times during the day and the front desk NEVER answered. When we got back to the hotel, the front desk told us that we should have checked for availability at 9am, a fact that NO ONE mentioned. I had to wake up at 8:30 the following morning to bug the front desk (again) for them to move us. 

Our room was a "non-smoking" room, yet the room still reeked of stale smoke. There is virtually no ventilation system and I woke up every morning with a massive headache. The housekeeping busted in on us half naked. She opened the door WHILE knocking. The shower didn't drain properly and I was standing in a pool of dirty soap water by the end of it. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the United States and will NEVER come back again.
Old Vegas with a flare.  Can't beat the old hotel down anymore than it has done to itself.  It's always fun to stay and play at Sahara.  Food is good, if comped.  Especially at the Caravan Cafe.  It's always fun to take in a free show or two, too!  Great location, right next to the tram and just before Downtown Las Vegas.  Must stop by here and check out what the old days used to be like.  Oh yeah, in case you forget you're at the Sahara, just take a look at the cocktail waitresses.  They've been there for at least 30 years.  Remember though, tip well, they'll keep em coming all night long.
Okay, the price of a room here is low...but keep in mind that everything else here follows suit exactly: the quality, service, appearance, effort to keep customers happy...all very low

It wasn't entirely disgusting like some of the small seedy motels you'll find just north of here, but it's just not a place that screams relaxation. Especially when a water main broke, causing our room's bathroom ceiling to spill what we hope was potable water all over our toiletries. 

Not much was offered in terms of compensation (i.e. free buffet--we're starving college kids, damnit!), just a few beer tickets. Then one of the two elevators allowing access to our ancient tower broke down right as everyone and their mother arrived to check in.

This building isn't looking too good on the inside. A major structural overhaul is likely out of financial reach, but funds to at least freshen up the decor would go a long way toward higher guest morale. I'm sure this place was pure swank when it opened over half a century ago, but too many things were uncomfortably off or have been left in disrepair for too long.

To be fair, the pool area is nice, wind-free and clean enough. We didn't give the food offerings a try, but the drinks here are plain gross. 

I'm not sure why this plave deserves a second star. It hardly does. I guess it's the low price...but then again, I can travel not too far down the strip to find an incredible increase in quality for not much more money.
Its funny, I just read and article , that Sahara Hotel is offering $1 rooms. Well, From the Dirty car park to the smelly halls. A security guard, sitting in the hallway, (monitoring a electro/ fire alarm box.) Weird, they had the electro box open and a fan blowing on it!..The room, pretty , well , dont bring your black light!
 So good luck. bring your own sheets, and dont walk around around the room with out shoes.
The rooms aren't as bad as some people on here are saying.  Yes, it IS an older hotel, but the rooms aren't horrible.  They did, however, feel like the rooms in the hotels on Fremont Street.  The Sahara was one of the cheapest places to stay on the strip, and you get what you pay for.  Checking in was ridiculous. I checked in at a non-peak time and there were only 4 people in front of me.  It took 20 minutes and then the hotel *claimed* that they didn't have the room type I requested TWO MONTHS prior (1 King Bed, either smoking or not).  It was a Thursday night so I know they were lying because they wanted us to upgrade.  We didn't upgrade and switched rooms the next day.  The front desk staff was rude.  They really put me in a horrible mood.  Most of the bartenders are rude as well.  Despite this, however, the stay wasn't awful.  The location, while "on" the strip is at the very end.  Thankfully, the hotel has a monorail stop, so we had unlimited access to the strip.  It is perfect if you are on a budget, but if you have a few extra dollars to spend I recommend somewhere newer and more central on the strip.
I've stayed here a number of times. It has gone from a 3-star hotel that was cheap and halfway decent, to a kinda sleazy 1-star establishment that is worse than some interstate motels in which I've stayed. Every time I've visited it's gone more and more downhill.

First the good: it's got a pool (though it's tiny, it still has one). The rooms are cheap. The tables are cheap. There's a monorail station at the back of the lobby.

Now everything else: The rooms are not great. They are in desperate need of remodeling and renovations, and upgrading out of the 80s. Stuff just seems to be falling apart. Dirty fixtures, stained carpets, just generally cheap & unclean. 

The breakfast buffet is disgusting. Pay a little extra and go to one of the nicer hotels for brunch. The food was inedible. When you can fashion a waffle into a make-shift shiv, you know you're in for a bad time.

Room service is expensive, and they charge you for every other amenity. $14 for internet? $5 a page to print out airline boarding passes? What? 

The last time I stayed there I awoke one morning with bites all over my neck, shoulder, and arms. All they did for me is move me to another room. No upgrade. No apology. That was the last straw. I'm not staying there again. 

The hotel was bought out fairly recently (in the last 3-5 years or so), and with that I hoped that they'd renovate and bring it back up to its former glory, but it seems like it's just gone to hell.
Please spend the extra cash on a better hotel, even if its off the strip. Sahara is not worth it. 

1)A fun weekend with my girlfriends and I, was what I was expecting. We arrive in what seems like an old and dirty parking structure. There was absolutely no maintenance. Inside the parking structure, the walls where filthy and full of what seemed to be peoples footprints on the wall . I guess it was the thing to do inside the parking structure. No one bothered to clean or paint over the walls. 

2) We arrive at check in. I'm not making this up, we were the next guest to be seen in line, it took approx 45 minutes to be seen. The line was out the door for people that needed to check in. They had only ONE person working the front desk. As I'm waiting to check us in, my girlfriend goes outside by the pool, in search of a cocktail. The bartender ignores her for about 3-5 minutes. My friend finally asks for his help and a drink. 

3) We start walking to our rooms, elevators are old and smelly. The hall ways stink and not to mention, there was old, tore down wall paper. We enter out room and I swear to god, i felt like we were staying at a mobile home park. The bathroom was tiny, bath tub was old, old wall paper etc. Beds were old 
and smelly. Carpet was dirty, i had to wear my sandals to get around. Everything is just plain old and not updated. We had a HORRIBLE view, we had windows that's wouldn't shut, YES would not shut!!!! We couldn't even leave our valuables inside for fear of theft. The lock and handles were broken from the windows. 

4) Room service was not in sight for hours. I kid you not, I saw a neighbors room service i.e plates, cups, old food with flies around it my whole weekend there! No one bothered to even pick it up 

Good things- Nascar cafe Yum! Hotel rooms are cheap
Sahara is the story of why sometimes it's better to take a casino out back and implode it rather than let it fester.  Back in as little as 2005 this casino was a great investment for a room and a little walk.  The monorail, also a better deal back then, could get you up into the heart of The Strip easy.  

Now it's just a pale imitation of better times in Vegas, and it feels more like Travelodge than say Bill's Gamblin' Hall.   And that place is next to the Bellagio for the same money!  I loved you Sahara, but you've gotten old.
Geez... this place is a shit hole!

My husband and I stayed here this week.. we were suppose to stay here for 2 nights ( I already paid for our stay on orbitz) but we checked out a day early.. I'd rather loose the night I paid for then to stay another night in that dump!!

It took 5 hours to check in..the lady was RUDE!! I asked to speak to the person in charge and I asked where the hell did that $8.00 hr. making biiioootch get off coping an attitude with me and everyone in the check in line?? He gave me no answer and basically told me to get lost..asshole..

Once we finally got to our room, I was dissapointed. It stunk like smoke ( we had a non-smoking room) and the carpet looked filthy! The bathroom was crappy, no water pressure in the shower.. boy, I could go on and on..

To sum it all up..

I would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone, not even my worst enemy :)
My husband and I stayed here the weekend of June 5. We knew it was a cheaper, run down property but we had no idea how bad it was. They tried to save money wherever they could and it was obvious. It was 107 outside that weekend but the air conditioning only worked in your room and on the casino floor, not in the elevators or the hallway to your room. Even the a/c in your room was controlled by the hotel, not you. We were upgraded to a junior suite for free and I would have hated to see the superior room we were supposed to get. The hall to our room reeked of marijuana. In our room there was exposed wiring on two walls, no headboard at all, no clock anywhere. The lamp on the bedside table had multiple burn marks on it. When we arrived on Friday night, there were only 2 people working the check in desk. The line was so long we were going to miss our dinner reservation so my husband fished his nice clothes out of his suitcase and changed in the lobby bathroom. He came out and said the bathroom was disgusting, and that it was of "Gas station quality." This is coming from a guy. The amenities in the bathroom consisted of one bottle of shampoo and one bar of soap, nothing else. The median age of the cocktail waitresses is 45 and the poker room looks like a bingo parlor in an old folks home. You can get a much better hotel for the same price on hotwire. Don't stay here. The property is old and dumpy and the location is a bad part of town. You don't want to be walking around at night there.
Stayed here for 1 night as we limited time in Vegas. Its really not a bad spot if you want something cheap and won't be in your room long. 

Yes, with a cheap place you're going to have some downfalls. The place is old so parts of it look very dingy. The TV in the rooms are straight from the 1995 Best Buy collection. The decor is really dated. My floor smelled like marijuana late one night and early the next morning reaked of chef boyardee products. But really, who doesn't love spaghetti-o's?!?!? 

To me this is a decent place if you're out and about in Vegas and want to spend money on other things than a room.
Poor,Poor Sahara. And Poor, Poor ME for not heeding the advice of fellow yelpers!
On our trip home from Vegas we wrote a Haiku for the Sahara:

Home Sweet Sahara
Blood Stained Floor, Muggy Hallways
Get what you pay for.

That about sums it up! Seriously. I fat blood stain on the floor....A little kitchen TV on the dresser, and some dust from the beatles last stay there.
Whatever, It was DIRT cheap (emphasis on dirt) and we were probably in our room for 15 hours or so.
It is probably one of the only hotels on the strip where you can shamelessly wander around in your pajamas all day throughout the casino....but it's also the only one where everyone else looks like they're doing exactly that as well.
The bartender Tim was very kind and helpful....
Rick Thomas (ref. Rick Thomas and The Magic of Tigers-Yelp, by me)
Whatever, $1 shot was totally not worth the stomach ache it caused and the dollar beers were the only steal for us vegetarians.
Pay the 10 extra, per night and stay at the Riviera, I swear. It is a poor man's dream with plasma TVs there.
Honestly, in kind of inconvenienced our whole trip...
you live, you learn.
This review is also just for the casino. We stumbled into this place in the middle of the night, and aren't big gamblers. However blackjack is fun, and the $1 or $2 blackjack was perfect for us! This casino is super divey, I think the $1 beer special was Miller High Life, but if you can appreciate that its a great place to enjoy some low stress gaming!
This review is for the casino part of Sahara:

I love gambling in Sahara because it is one of the few casinos that still have $5 black jack tables on the strip. Most of the hotels got rid of the $5 and the lowest are $10 tables. However, when you are a college student, you don't really have a lot of money to play $10 or more tables. The dealers there are very friendly and the cocktail waitresses are very fast in bringing you drinks. If you leave your table for a minute, they leave the drinks for you which is very nice of them. A lot of casinos have waitresses that if you leave will just keep the drink because they don't want to serve drinks and not get tips. I would go again and again for $5 tables, especially since I won money.
I've been staying here for years, but they've recently taken a turn for the worse.  Too bad.  I dug the location, price, and pool, but... no more.  The place is grimy and overcrowded.  Yet, the thing that bothered me the most is that the pool was dirty and you can't bring beverages from the casino to the poolside.
I used to love The Sahara. It was our exclusive spot whenever we hit Vegas. The Sahara was super inexpensive, great to gamble in (low minimum tables, not super crowded, fun dealers), and just generally low key, like us. Plus it has that super retro feeling, like it is still glamorous to be in Vegas. Great times.

Oh, Sahara. What has happened? Returning to you, after this 4 years absence, is like running into an old friend who used to just like to "party" but whose life took a serious dive that now requires some kind of 12 step program.

Where do I begin?

Our "Premium" room? I can't decide which was worse - the smells or the stains. I can't even begin to imagine what we would have ended up in had we not spent the extra money for that room. The shower was a weak little trickle and the beds were creepily low to the ground.

Your surly employees (but friendly bartenders) made us feel uncomfortable at every turn. I know we didn't pay a lot to stay here but we did pay enough to not be treated like we were inconveniencing you with our horribly high maintenance requests (can we get a cab? can we have a towel? is there anywhere to get food at 3 in the am?)  I swear the employees know the end is nigh - they just don't give a hoo-ha.

They are trying weird things to save this floundering dump. (I felt my heart hurt when I called my beloved Sahara a dump just then.) They put in a tattoo/piercing shop but the cafe is no longer 24 hours; we had to walk down to Stratosphere for late night eats. They put in dollar blackjack tables by the Nascar cafe (in the weird ghost town part of the hotel that gets no traffic whatsoever). They are promoting the hell out of their player's club, too. 

Everything we touched had a layer of filth on it. Buttons stuck on the video poker machines (all of them - I swear.) and the bar had this sticky film on it that felt like that house we lived in during "college". Not in a good way.

By the end of the weekend, we had decided that was our final hurrah with the old girl. It's time to move on. I just don't have time to wash my hands that many times when I am trying to play blackjack. I need somewhere to eat at 4 in the morning. I would like a room where all of the light bulbs work. And I just might be willing to dip into my gambling budget to get there.

So long, Sahara. I will be watching with a tear in my eye when they finally dynamite you. But really, I wish some mogul would come along and restore you to the Rat Pack, retro Vegas, original gangster that I know you can be.
I had a moment while in Vegas last week where I thought about the fact I had been coming to this town for 25 years.  Strolling down memory lane in my head, I thought about the time before most of the strip casinos even existed.  The Mirage, TI, Bellagio, Paris, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, New York New York among others did not exist. The "happening" part of the strip consisted of The Rivera, Circus Circus area.  So In this moment I did feel old and maybe that is why I am not as negative as some when it comes to the Sahara Hotel.  Yes, the hotel is definitely is in need of a re-model but overall it is a great value, cheap rooms, cheap food and drinks and yes, you can still find $1 blackjack.  I love the fact it is a stop on the Monorail line and for $9 dollars a day it will shuttle you up and down the strip.  One drawback is that it is difficult to find anything to eat late at night, as the caf does not stay opened 24 hours and the only choice we could find was sandwiches or salads at the walk up coffee shop.  So if you are looking for a budget hotel on the strip, this might be the place for you.  PS....I still miss the Stardust!
cheap hotel. very very cheap. you've seen all the reviews below me so no need to emphasize on that but really my room wasn't too bad, me and my boyfriend got a suite for 60$ a night, cheap but decent. not good by any means but whatev we were in the room for all of 7 8 hours  each night for only 2 nights so not to incredibly awful. but probably won't stay here again.
on the casino, they still have the 3 dollar tables for blackjack and some pretty good slots.
a cute cafe thats good inside of it to. 
so exactly like the 2 star review states "meh. ive experienced better."
Ok, I am a VIP to this Hotel and I will tell you now...this hotel is not for everyone, but for those with a budget. Sahara is one of the oldest hotels with the Tropicana. It does not have the glamor of CityCenter or the Luxury of Wynn Hotels. It may have been luxurious back in the 50s, but were now in 2010. 

The Sahara Hotel has a very old parking lot and you will notice that you will have to drive through the garage with caution. Our cars are bigger than those of the past. Some cars/trucks will block a lane and one car can go through, while the other waits. Depending where you park, BE WARNED. the north side parking garage elevators are broken. If you enter from Vegas Blvd, those elevators work.

I walk in and I used the VIP Line, while there is a long line waiting for their rooms. Unfortunately, they did not have any balcony rooms available. They assign me the Tunisa Towers, Room 806. It is a simple small room. Rooms are just simple. Don't expect too much from this place. Don't expect Paris Hilton or Wayne Brady showing up here.

My room was free and free has no complaints. I had no problems and I used it as a backup room. If anyone complains, then you should go pay more for the Wynn Hotel.

Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
Ah, the Sahara. Its one of the older Hotels on the strip so going into it I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, and I was right. But you really do get what you pay for. 
As far as the rooms go, we got a smoking room which apparently is in the oldest part of the hotel, and has not had any recent renovations. The furniture was all chipped, but the beds were pretty comfortable. The AC worked great, shower and hair dryer all worked. The only real bad thing about the room was the light by the bed didnt work, but that didnt really bother us, there were plenty of other lights.
FOOD:
I don't like that nothing is open 24 hours food wise. well thats not entirely true, theres a cafe that serves seattles best coffee and crispy cream donuts and a few other things but thats about it. The nascar cafe was actually very good. The waitresses were kind of rude and frumpy, but the food and margaritas were good. Everytime we were there someone was trying to do the B3 challenge (they have to eat a giant burrito in so much time), so that was pretty entertaining.

overall the place was cheap, the people were rude, the machines dont pay crap, and I wouldnt recomend it to someone that wants a luxurious vegas getaway.

If however you want a place where you can lay low and crash for a decent rate this is the place for you. If you want to stay on the strip for cheap,  and have easy access to a monorail, and the duece stop going downtown, this place is for you. If your a pothead and you want to be able to smoke in your room but dont want the maids to rat you out this place is for you! (just bring extra towels and dont get housecleaninggg!)

ok overview

good: cheap, nascar cafe burgers,curly fries, and margaritas, monorail access, privacy  ;)

BAD: outdated, rude, old waitresses/ other employees,crappy 4ft deep pool, not good for late night munchies, slots dont pay out,
'Fleabag hotel' would be a fair description of this one. When I stayed over there two years ago, the lighting in the reception area was hypnotic. What really bummed me out, however, was the dinginess. It seemed the carpet in my room hadn't been vacuumed for days. I also saw spots and fibers on the sheets, too. Well I didn't even wanna think about their sources. Fortunately bathroom was not so bad, but there wasn't any disposable slippers. I called and was told they didn't have any. Seriously?! I couldn't help overestimating the risk of catching some bacterial or viral strain, so I literally sacked out for three days. Horrible experience. To top it off, TV in my room had virtually no signal, and the hotel is about 2 miles away from the busy stretch of the Strip. If somebody you hate is gonna travel to Vegas, suggest him/her to stay here!
You know what the Sahara is? It's A-OK. 

It's a weird, faded, not-at-all classy place where it takes a long time to check in and the dealers aren't hotties and you can walk around the lobby with a tallboy in your hand and nobody cares. The pool is full of friendly rednecks and colorful weirdos, and the outdoor bar has Miller High Life on draft. It's dirt cheap and attracts what my mother would call a "certain element." The lifeguards look like 19-year-old emo punk-rockers decked out in crazy tattoos and piercings. The casino is cheeseball central with Moroccan-themed carpeting and gaudy chandeliers. There's a crazy little club called the Casbah where a live band plays standards, and a NASCAR section that I never even found. The rooms are fine: Mine was clean, cold, and boring. I spent about four waking minutes in there, total.

Point being, the Sahara is what it is. It's cheaper than the other places because it's lower wattage and lower grade. It's not for everyone, but if you find charm in chintzy, slightly down-and-out old hotels, it might be the place for you. Years from now, when it's been torn down and replaced by the Miragio MGM Wynndalay Bay, we'll reminisce fondly about back in the day when you could get a room on the Strip for 25 bones a night, in a hotel that had $1 blackjack and $3 craps. Do yourself a favor and get in on this deal while it lasts. The old girl's still got a little life in her yet.
By far the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. We drove through a cloud of black billowing smoke to get to the parking garage. Only one elevator, kind-of worked in the garage the whole time. The lobby carpets had not been vacuumed or shampooed in some time. The front desk staff was rude. The hotel elevators stunk. On our floor, there was a room service tray outside our room that stayed out in the hall our entire stay. We never got housekeeping service, and apparently neither did the last few people who 
stayed in our room. The beds were stained, the carpet dirty and filled with dust bunnies. The walls were smeared with who knows what? The ceiling above the air conditioner was black, there were cigarette burns all over the place, in our non smoking room! Half of the public restrooms were closed our entire stay. I was overcharged by $6 a day for a facility fee, when asked the Assistant Hotel Manager Shawnena Lincoln first said it was a tax, then it was a resort fee, then it was a cleaning fee and I was going to pay it! I disputed the charges with my credit card. We ate at the Nascar Cafe and their other, cafeteria style restaurant. The other restaurant was never open. Nascar makes up for their horrible food by giving you Tons of it. We had to endure someone attempting to eat their giant burrito right in front of our table. He vomited up all over just as our food arrived! We lost our appetite, they still made us pay. I don't know what happened to this hotel, but man have they lost their way. Management needs to be turned over here!
My friend and I checked in on a Thursday.  There was only one person working the front desk.  We get our room keys and proceed to our room.  When we walked inside, one of the beds was unmade with a pair of dirty boxers on top, there was urine in the toilet, and condom wrappers and fresh stains on the floor.  We called down to the front desk to alert them to the situation and, rather than apologize or offer to come to us, we were asked to come back down.

When we got downstairs, there were a few people waiting in line to check in.  We approached the bell desk and told him that we had a problem with our initial room and did not feel like waiting again to have the problem corrected.  He scoffed at us and said "there's only one person in line!" as the people ahead of them had already moved up.  Many of the staff members had equally as poor of an attitude: Some of them were nice, but in general they ran hot and cold.  We spoke with a manager who "upgraded" our room to the 26th floor.  I had requested a smoking room, but there were no upgrades available in smoking.  Additionally, he waived the $6 facility fee - my bank statement does not yet reflect this credit back to my account.  Looks like I'll have to make a phone call.

Our 2nd room was clean, had a view, and a larger TV.  The rooms were nothing special and the beds were a bit on the hard side, but the hotel did have potential.  The housekeeping service certainly left something to be desired.  We only had our room cleaned once during our 4-night stay - since we had valuables in the room and no safe, we only opted to have the room cleaned when we needed fresh towels.  Unfortunately, wanting fresh towels was asking too much.  Two of the towels delivered to the room were stained with makeup.  One of them was even folded and hanging with the stain facing outwards.  The staff was apparently oblivious to this.  Also, every night we would receive coupons under our door for a local pizza place.  Many of the guests would toss their coupons out into the hallway.  We would leave the hotel at 4 in the afternoon and return as late as 12 hours later.  The coupons would still be in the hallway, which proves to me that no one was so much as doing a sweep of the hotel.

Our neighbors next to us were extremely loud and would come in at 3 am or later - blaring music, talking/singing/laughing loudly, having people in/out, and smoking (cigarettes and marijuana) on a non-smoking floor.  Although I smoke, I am going to respect the rules of the hotel.  When I called down to the front desk to complain, they offered to move us.  Not wanting to move again, they instead sent a security guard to the room.  The message was not well received by our neighbors - every night they stayed there was a repeat of the obnoxious noise.  I mean, it's Vegas, go party on the strip... you can take your drinks with you!!  On the last night they stayed, they received a phone call to their room.  It was their friend, Olivia, who works at the hotel warning them that security was, once again, on their way.  Obviously, Olivia does not value her job very much.

Our last night in the casino, we saw another hotel guest in a screaming match with a member of the staff.  I do not condone this behavior, however found it quite interesting that she mentioned that there was feces in the toiled when she checked in to her room.  Her and her significant other were also moved to the 26th floor.  Apparently, it is not uncommon for these things to happen at the Sahara.

When I initially read the reviews for the Sahara, I did not see anything like what I am writing now.  They did have bad reviews, but I chocked it up to people expecting to pay super low rates for a really fancy hotel.  If you want to stay somewhere inexpensive that's actually CLEAN and cares about their guests, try Harrah's or the Stratosphere - STAY FAR AWAY FROM THE SAHARA!!!
Sahara has been good to us in the past. Cheap rooms, decent strip location, plus its right off the freeway. 

My gf and I stayed again for three nights this past weekend, and WHOA has the place gone downhill. The service has just gotten horrible, they've just thrown in the towel. 

On Sunday morning the power in our room went out (mind you it's close to 100 degrees outside, and no AC in the room). I called downstairs and they blamed it on Nevada power, and said it would be fixed within the hour. An hour and a half later, I call back, and they say it'll be yet another hour. I asked for some kind of reimbursement or comp, before the words were done coming out of my mouth, they replied with "Oh I'm so sorry, we won't be doing any of that today".

So we're trapped in our rooms, we haven't left cause we need to shower at least, especially with no AC, we were sweating more than a priest at a preschool. So another hour rolls by, and FINALLY the lights come back on. I jump in the shower, and I kid you not, the lights go off again. IT'S PITCH BLACK in the shower, greeeeeat! As I finish my shower and plan and exit strategy without slipping and breaking all bones, the lights come back on, but won't stop flickering. 

Anyways, since the power outage, the AC never worked properly and the rest of our stay in that room was murder. Lukewarm air being pumped into our already warm room. 

You did us wrong Sahara, and we were on YOUR side!
I remember going to Sahara when I was really young.. (like 10) and really enjoyed the arcade there...  As I've gotten older, my interest in Sahara has faded dramatically due to all the luxury and the opulence that other mega casinos has to offer... well, I'm a total sucker for nice things in life such as brands and atmosphere so I nearly completely fade out from Sahara... But during Labor Day weekend since my buddy stays here all the time and he suggested the cheap rates that they were offering, decided to give it another shot.

Checking in was good for us because we got there at 5:00AM!  Who in their right minds would be up at 5am to either check in or out right?  So there wasn't any lines and we were taken cared of immediately... (Not the case in the morning as the line is probably as long as any Disneyland rides during summer!)  

Got to our room and was nothing to be excited about...  (Again the snob in me was spoiled rotten after stays at Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, Aria, etc...)  Thin walls where we can hear people walking upstairs, people talking next door, etc...  Cold looking restroom floors with simple amenities which is not there to impress anyone...Beds were double twins so it's tiny for guys!!!  (Hey, we figure we are just crashing for the nights since we wouldn't be in the hotel much anyway), and the TV didn't even work.......

Hallway was dingy and not impressive at all, and get this... the clerk said that they gave us an upgrade, which was a "semi strip view" (which over looks the empty lot right across from the Sahara and nothing else), but the actual room amenities have been downgraded because my buddy said that they had some better rooms... sheesh.... some upgrade they offer here....

So overall the stay was simply just a stay... nothing impressive or exciting to talk about except that for Friday/Saturday it cost us $130 with tax for a holiday weekend.... so for those cost-centric people who don't care for the luxuries, this would be a great place to stay...

One more positive note!  (Gotta give props where it's due) it's their famous $1 blackjacks!  They had $1 blackjack tables (7 of them) going all day and closes at 2:00am.... so expect a more young crowd there because it's cheap!

I would stay again if it's a holiday weekend and I'm dying to be in Vegas, otherwise, I probably would skip and just take the monorail and visit Sahara to gamble instead....

(They just held their $1 room today so that would be a great deal... do sign up to their facebook page if you are interested in getting those types of deals!)
Me, my girlfriend and several co-workers wanted a cheap weekend in Vegas.  So after a 39 dollar flight on a budget airline, we paid somewhere around 25 a night for a room.  Yes the casino is older, yes the location isnt the greatest and yes, it's  nothing fancy but here are some of the reasons i gave this hotel a 4 star rating.  
While the location, in my opinion is located at the worst spot on the strip, the monorail has a station there making the rest of the strip very accessable. After coupon we paid 21 dollars each for a 3 day pass. 
 I'm one that hates to pay high prices in Vegas for alcohol and I'm always on the lookout for a well priced beer or drink.  The Sahara was running a special of $1 Miller Beers, $1 hot dogs and $1 kamakazees in a mini shot glass you get to keep,  Its not well advertised so you may have to ask the bartender about it if they are still running this promo.  
I really liked the pool. Nothing fancy but it wasnt over crowded and a nice place to relax and catch up with friends in the sun.  
The staff was friendly and allowed us to check in early  with no problem. Not many choices for good places to eat but everything else was 15 minutes away via monorail.
This is a rating for just the casino, not the actual hotel.  I would never stay in a place like this lol...

Anyway... this place draws me in every visit to Vegas.  Why?  $1 blackjack!  24/7!  Great place to go to play some cards after losing your life savings at the bigger name casinos.  I come here to chill.  Playing some cards, free beer (well, $1 or $2 tip for the waitress, but still), and usually people are just chiller at the tables.  They know its only a few bucks they lose every hand if you mess up.  I know one of my buddies was a blackjack noobie and when she messed up the table a couple times, people didn't just get up and leave or yell at her.  They explained to her what she needed to do.

Anyway.  Like I said, I got here for cheap cards.  Chill people and the booze makes it even better.  Oh yeah, the dealers are usually much chiller as well!  More talkative than other casinos' dealers  in my experience...
$1 tables. $1 blackjack. $1 roulette. $1 kamikaze shots (really mini shots). $1 hotdogs. 

They must expect everyone to be drunk when they order the hotdogs because they have the strangest gray tint of any hot dog I have ever seen. They also have no flavor. You have to put a pack of mustard, ketchup, and relish on them just to make them palatable. My friend said they tasted like ass but she ate it anyway. It's never good when you eat food and hope you don't get sick from it. 

Had a blast playing roulette and even walked away a winner.
If you have stay on the strip cheap, I suppose this is the place to do it.  It's so dingy, run down that it was ruining the Vegas experience for me.  However, once you get to the room you'll find it spartan but clean and adequate, strangely better maintained than the rest of the hotel itself.  That's why they get 3 stars instead of 2.  

ps.  I appreciated the laminated notice sheet telling me calls were not free and I could get a free needle disposal box on request.  lol
I used to stay here in the past but not anymore. They cut way back on a lot of things like quality of service for drinks and cocktails. Forget the buffet they don't have one anymore they expect you to fork over money to eat shit at the house of lords. This used to be an alright place to stay but not anymore. Better to go stay else where.
Recently stayed here with the BF for three nights.  How did we end up here?  All thanks to travelocity.com and its priceline-like deals.  I like doing hotel reviews in a list style, so here it goes..

Plus:
-Super cheap!  I think we paid $20/night.  
- Just clean enough for you to feel comfortable enough to rest your head on the bed.  
-Vegas monorail stop at the hotel.  Super convenient.  Also, it's the last stop, so there's really no way you can mess  up and end up going in the wrong direction (I can't tell you how many other passengers we'd end up riding with who all realized after the first stop that they were going the wrong way).  
-Super cheap gambling.  $0.25 roulette machines.  $1 blackjack.  
-daily slot machine tournament.  hilariously fun.  free to enter if you join their players' club (which is also free to enter) 
-daily $1 specials:  $1 shots, $1 hot dogs, and $1 beer

Minuses:
-Definitely more run down than the other casinos.  You notice it the moment you step inside--the air in the Sahara isn't as circulated as well, so you are instantly VERY AWARE that smoking is allowed indoors.  Versus, say, only moderately aware. 
-The crowd isn't great eye-candy.  When you're at, say, the MGM or what have you, you can take a look around and see how glammed up people are.  Here, at the Sahara, they're more low-key.  It's not unusual to see people walking around in unflattering sweatsuits. 
-The food.  Not fantastic at all. 
-The last stop on the monorail.  One of the farthest from the strip, yet somehow still considered to be on The Strip casinos.  

Anyways, would I stay here again?  Probably not.  I'd definitely want to stay someplace a little closer to the other casinos.  Would I come back here to gamble?  Heck yes.  Despite all its flaws, the Sahara is still a fun little casino to spend time at.  

It's like going to an awkward work-related party--you want to go because you know it'll be good food, strong drinks, and maybe you win something..but you don't want to stay too long because hey, it's a work party.
woooooohaaa...  So the maid cleaned our room... cleaned out our room...  Those $4 bottles of water from the lobby.. you know the ones that weren't even opened yet.  Yeah those.. thrown away.  I called the front desk, twice they hung up upon answering, finally called housekeeping, they transferred to front desk, they put me on hold for 10 mins, Sam (a manager) puts me off and says he will call housekeeping to see if they still have them... WTF...  Calls back and says if I will come down to the lobby he will get me a coupon for the gift shop.   I explain I'm in my jammies... how about bringing them to me considering you threw them away.  Oh... I'll call you back.   Then it's not possible to do that.  Our room service is closed, (at 8:00 p.m.) You gotta be kidding me.... what a joke!!  30 minutes later.. I guess I am getting dressed to go get water that I already bought at outrageous prices...   Oh and the rooms are old, not that well kept, the beds aren't great, I guess you get what you pay for but customer service wasn't in the deal!!
Stayed at this place for a convention and  it was the cheapest place i could find so i stayed here.  As soon as i walked in the lobby i realized that this place hasn't received a decent overall since the 70s.  Walk into the elevator to find the yellow carpet halfway up the wall.  Walked into the room and it was decently sized.  Turned on the air conditioning and it sounded like a 747 was taking off.  Eventually had to sleep with the window open cause street sounds were way quieter then the sound of that ac.  Its at the very end of the strip the only thing farther was stratosphere.  Its convenient if your going to the convention center cause its only like 20mins walk from there.
This review is a little late I stayed the last weekend in September...

So I actually booked a room through their facebook promotion, $1= 1 night and literally only paid like $1.22 or something for a Saturday night. I had made reservations at a fancier place for Sunday and Monday nights. 

First of all let me say this the 3 stars is mostly for the parking. I know Sin City like the back of my hand and NEED a car to get around. That being said the parking for the guests of the Sahara is far and pretty shady looking. I expected to be encountered by a Gotham City villain any minute...

Check-in was a breeze I waited like 2 minutes at 10pm to be helped by a super perky male wearing some lovely smelling lotion. Mr. Smelly lotion wearer was very very friendly, however when we went up to our room in the Tunis tower it was obvious he had given us someone else's room (luggage, clothes, makeup etc). Now at this point some of you may have behaved differently but I was all smiles when I went down, had my hubby stand by our luggage, (somewhat awkwardly since mine is bright pink). So I go to inform my buddy that I believe he may have given us another guest's room but not to worry I wasn't going to make a big stink we just wanted any room that was unoccupied (I said this quite seriously not sarcastically). He apologized profusely and gave us a new room in another Tower (Alexandria) and sent us away. 

First of all let me say the ride up to the room was much different than the ride up in the Tunis elevator (the first notable difference was the elevator, not shabby or empty and semi-dark , filled with decent looking folks and well-lighted). I thought it was funny that groups of these semi-young club goers were going into the rooms next to us (like really 4 girls to 1 small bedroom hmmm a little suspicious?) But alas we get to the corner room and it is a 3 room suite with a living room/ bar/dining area, (balcony- view was awesome), powder room, bathroom, and bedroom.Very very cool....

So the hubby and I get freshened up and head downstairs. The karaoke taking place was pretty entertaining and we drank to our heart's content while gambling very little on the penny machines. The whole vibe of the place was pretty chill. I would go again but not to stay in The Tunis Tower.
Dollar Blackjack...Wah?! I'm there
The dealers are ornery but I don't care.
Everyone says this place is run down but I don't think so.  It seems good to me, maybe a bit dated with their decor, but I'm here to gamble and get drunk.  Who cares what it looks like?
I always win so every time I'm in Vegas I come here for a bit to make me some money.
*rubs card on nipple*
I always end up paying for the gas because everyone else lost :(
*shakes fist at Vegas*

I got super drunk one time and peed in the corner...and then ran away.
Sowwwwwwrrrrryyy
I didn't stay here but did gamble in the casino.  Yeah, it is pretty ratty looking but because it's at the end of the monorail (going north I think) and a short walk from the station to the casino, it's worth taking a trip back in time, away from the center of the action, and gamble cheap.  Personaly, I don't see much time left for this place before it implodes the others from it's time - the Sands, the Dunes, the Stardust - did.  Enjoy it while you can.  This is really the only relic from the old Vegas Strip left.
This review is for the theatre only:

I came here last night for a benefit performance of Rick Thomas and Esteban for the Make A Wish Foundation.  The stage is quite large which makes a large production very easy here.  While neither Thomas nor Esteban have such a large production, they make the space work.  

The theatre itself is wide but there aren't many rows.  Unless you sit in the balcony, which is generally closed off, you'll have a good view wherever you sit.  My seat was in the first row, stage right, and I had an excellent seat even though I was off to one side of the stage.  No one was in front of me and I could stretch out without worrying about my feet.
You get what you pay for. I browsed hotels from priceline.com and found this hotel to be a lot cheaper than other hotels around the same area. The rooms were so,so... i just got the regular room with king size bed. i hate that they dont have any free bottled water. they only have an ice cube machine located at the end of the hallway outside the room. they dont have toothpaste and toothbrush inside the bathroom (coz they want people to buy stuff from the giftshop in the lobby). If you're looking for a place to sleep (like you dont care about how the room looks) then you can definitely book a room here, but if not, you better go somewhere else.
One of the older hotels and casinos on the strip. As far as the casino goes, it has all the games you want to play. As far as the rooms go, they're forgettable. But for me this place works because I don't need anything fancy. I essentially need a place to store my luggage, sleep and bathe. For the price it cant be beat. You can usually get a room here during the week for $26.00 a night. I mean come on that's spectacular! If you want a basic place on the strip to stay, this place works out just fine.  I will say this though, this place is great for a family stay.  It has a huge arcade and several amusement rides for the family, so that is a definite benefit of your stay.
The Sahara Hotel can be fun. Seriously.

There's the $1 black jack tables, creepy Beatles tribute bands, and karaoke nights at the Cantab Lounge that are unflinchingly hilarious (and depressing). Some of the rooms have nice views of the mountains. The praise ends there.

Don't expect the internet to work, and try not to walk around alone. Once, I waited for forty minutes for the elevators to get fixed... all while fire alarms blared and old women continued to fill the penny slots without delay. If the shower in your room sounds like it's going to burst, that's how you know the hot water is working. Avoid the buffet. The steakhouse isn't too bad.

Have fun!
The absolute WORST place to stay in Las Vegas. If you visit their website, ignore all the photos. Total dump. Although I've won money in their casino, even the casino and the rest of the grounds are terrible.
Stay anywhere, but here.
For the price..this place is perfect. The dollar beers and hot dogs are a huge plus as well. You can get nice and drunk for cheap! They also recently added a tattoo parlor..interesting. I love this place for it's history..only hotel in Vegas that the Beatles ever performed at. All the great vintage photos of Dean Martin and the Rat Pack..again nothing fancy here ( except for the new parlor ) but its perfect to me.
Probably not the best hotel you can stay in on the strip, but super cheap if you're a college student and broke.

Stayed there for my bachelorette party including my best friend's bachelorette party where it only cost $30 a night (thanks to Expedia) and $50 on weekends.

Great place for gambling though if you're not a high roller.  They have dollar blackjack, where you can stay for hours just playing off just a few dollars.

They also have a HUGE burrito that you can share and get a name on the wall if you can finish, but quite honestly almost seems impossible. I think that Adam from Man vs. Food tried finishing it and didn't even come close.
I'm amazed to think that I was not just once but twice. Yes this place is $200 when CES is around and somehow, we paid for it. Now thinking back, Vegas is mostly about the people you go with and I didn't entirely have a terrible time when I was here, but there was one thing I could never let go of.

Their elevators have holes. Yes there are cracks in the plates that hold the elevator together. The walls, you can see through them to the tunnel!!! The elevators are so old, I seriously thought my life was in danger. Imagine always wondering if you were going to fall to your death every time you  try to go up to your room or down to the strip ... not exactly fun times.

This is a cheap hotel, the rooms are old, smelly, the beds are really hard, and you feel icky, like a motel, but perhaps I can see even some Motel 6's might beat out this place.

They have a nice cheap champagne buffet on the weekends, which is good for champagne and that's about it, but really, do you want to subject yourself to the terror of staring at the tunnel? 

On the plus side, it's close to the convention center. Kind of.
Our room was clean but it was definitely not the best place for the money.  The hotel really needs some remodeling and TLC.
This place has seen better days.  They had the opportunity to implode this thing and start from scratch in the late 90's....instead, they chose to renovate.  Now, it's just a shell of it's former self.....always has that "empty" feeling to it, unless there's a citywide event that sells out the city.

The casino is tired and the restaurants are just ok.  The best thing about it is the roller coaster.

Overall, I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to stay here.

Return Factor - 10%
The Sahara is definitely one of the jankiest hotels I've been to in Vegas.  Everything is really run down and dirty (even the doors are sticky...yuck!).  The bathrooms are icky and nothing is automated.  I would give this place 1 star except for the fact that they have $1 blackjack all day.  Unfortunately, all the $1 tables were packed when I went with my boyfriend and we ended up playing at a $5 table and lost.  I even lost on the slot machine that I was on a roll with at the other casinos!  What a waste of $60...I'm definitely not coming back again =/
The Sahara.

This is the oldest place on The Strip right now. The Beatles stayed at this very hotel, as well as playing at it. The Rat Pack used to kick it here (their other haunt, The Sands, long gone). The 3 towers were among the first highrises on The Strip (and used to be great examples of architecture before unnecessary ornamentation was added in the late 90s). 

It's closing on May 16th, 2011. 

Let's cross our fingers and hope that somehow, someway, this place is saved.
Rest in Peace Sahara -- We will all miss you :(

May 16 and The Sahara is closing, sad day.

The Sahara had history, $1 shots, beers, hot dogs, and blackjack.

A number 1.

We love you Sahara :D 

XOXOXO
Went back again, and it did not disappoint! No suite this time and the rooms are not the best, but for some reason I like the Sahara! They could use more dining options and one day the pool bar was closed because the bartender didn't show up. We just went to the pool at TI, which is better anyways. No one understands why my sister and I prefer to stay at the Sahara but it is so much fun! Dollar tables during the week! I also won a ton of money last trip :)
Wow good thing they are closing it. I have stayed in Motel 6's that were nicer.
Sad its gone!  I never stayed here but I always had fun playing Poker or cheap BlackJack.  I am just bummed that another part of Old Vegas has disappeared.
I came to see it 1 last time before it closed and now I am glad it is closing. Rude workers , dirty everything,  and just not worth your time.
Ok, so this place is a relic, a dinosaur, a blast from the past.  In a time when you can't hardly find anything more than 25 years old in Vegas, this place holds the historical key to the city.  It is the OLDEST standing hotel on the strip.  It's been featured in the Oceans 11 movie (the Arabian-esque theme is their specialty).  
Now, the actual hotel rooms are fairly dumpy, definitely a 2 star status and the casino itself is in pretty serious decline.  But, this legend is closing down in May - come and get a piece of history before it goes.  Get some pictures, some chips from the casino if you collect those and bask in it's 50s Vegas glory before it makes way for lots of dust and some new monstrosity that will take its place (sniff sniff).
The word dump doesnt cover it.

The place smelled of carpet deodorizer and lysol.  No fridge, broken knob on the thermostat, all night leaking shower.  Really?  $120?

Lower budget shouldn't mean run down - it was like a vagrant hotel.

There is no reason to stay in this place.
So we stayed here after deciding to come to Vegas on a whim. I don't have much to say about it considering my boyfriend and I basically used the room to change, hold our stuff, and we didn't come back till the next morning to pick up our stuff... What happens in Vegas, well, you know the rest. Anyway, this place is OLD. But it's kind of charming to see something old school amidst the shine and glitter. It reminds me of when I used to go to Vegas as a child w/ my parents and grandparents. I don't know if I'd stay here and actually sleep in a bed only because I don't know how clean it is. It's just so old so as far as upkeep goes, it's pretty... Well, I'd compare the rooms to a motel you found on the side of the freeway. No actual restaurants in the place (at least I don't think). And the tattoo shop said they were open twenty-four hours but when we went in at 3:30 in the morning to get our tattoos done, they were closed! So we had to take a cab to one that was open... Hehehehe.
I like the location. It's a quick $8.00 cab ride to just about anywhere on the strip. And they have that monorail stop there so that was convenient for the morning after when my feet was just not up to walking anymore and we didn't want to bother with a cab. The monorail is a real nice way to bounce around and sight see the town as well. Overall, kinda sad to know the Sahara will be no more in May, but it's certainly has it's fun... I'm sure.
Review is for the casino, not the hotel.

It's a shame that this place is shutting down. I came out to Vegas for my bachelor party - an epic 3 day bender. My buddies and I love playing blackjack, and the allure of $1 blackjack tables made us make the trek from where we were staying, the Imperial Palace, up here. It was well worth it.  For about 5 1/2 hours myself and two friends played countless hands of blackjack, had about 10 free drinks each, and between the three of us we'd only lost about $40.  That's a bargain for the amount of fun we had.

After this place goes, the award for the lowest blackjack minimums on the strip will probably belong to Circus Circus. We spotted a few $2 and $3 tables there. 

What's really a shame is that one of our dealers told us they'd learned the casino was closing on the evening news. What a piss poor job of casino management ...
I am not impressed at all.  We came to Vegas for a seminar and stayed here because of the price.  We paid way too much, even at around $60 something a night.  The place is old, not upkept at all.  You can tell they don't care anymore because they are closing.  It's dirty, smelly and a lot of sketchy people.  We just came back to our room and only 1 bed was made and nothing else was cleaned or done.  They only allow you 2 extra pillows per room and the pillows are horrible.  The bed is one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept in, I have slept better camping lol  

The pool was closed, the food choices are horrible, the only decent thing is the $1 blackjack tables (that is if you can get a seat)  Really, don't stay here.  Not cool.
This review is for the hotel, not the casino... since I don't gamble... :P haha. 

What can I say? Hubs and I stayed here while we were in Vegas from Feb 2nd-5th, 2011. We stayed on the 10th floor. For Wed and Thurs night, it cost us $22/nite, for Friday nite, it cost us $55/nite. With tax and everything, the total for the hotel bill was $124 (they charged us for a $8/nite "resort" fee, which I'm assuming was for the gym, pool and phone?) 

The parking structure is kind of tricky to get to for the hotel if you don't know where you are going. The parking lot was kind of sketchy, so hubs parked by other cars close the the elevator, and made sure NOTHING was visible to the curious eye. One of the two elevators from the parking structure to the ground floor to the hotel was broken the whole time while we were there. The elevator was sketchy as well... looked like it was going to break down on us most of the time. 

When you walk into the lobby, it immediately smells like greasy food. Not pleasant. But whatever... We checked in fine, no wait at 5:00p on a Wednesday night. The room we had was on the 10th floor, the view was really nice :) The floor we were on was really quiet, and I don't think we saw a single person in the hall way the whole entire time we were there. The room didn't smell, which was a total plus for us :) We had a king sized bed, and the sheets were clean so that's all that mattered. The bed wasn't the comfiest, but we still got a good night's sleep on it. The bathroom wasn't very well ventilated, so it kinda sucked when we showered. All in all, the room was really fine for what we were hoping for. We could tell that they didn't really care about the appearance anymore... and I just found out that they were closing in May of 2011, so now I understand why. 

We also mosied our way to the place with the $1 hot dogs and $1 beers. The hot dogs were tiny and dry, and the beers were Miller High Life beers... it didn't look like a full sized bottle. So, unless you are already drunk, I would recommend you stay away from this place, or you will be disappointed. 

Conclusion: We got what we paid for, and we were not disappointed. :)
Alas, I have heard the sad news...the strip is losing one of it's classic ladies.. 

True, she was showing her age a bit. Out-shined by many of the younger ladies (some of which are starting to show their own age), but despite a few bumps and blemishes managed to retain enough of her former and once legendary class to remain in business long after most of her contemporaries bit the dust (literally). A notable mouse's former transit system was once thought to be her savior and as was a brief flirtation with stock car circuit but unfortunately all things must pass. Yes, she was one of the casinos Frank, Dino and Sammy hit in the original "Ocean's Eleven". 

I shall miss cheap blackjack on the strip. I shall miss one of the few places in the desert that I could actually enjoy a cold Abita Purple Haze (remember the "Party Pit"?) I shall miss the glass encased statue of a camel that dated back to the early days of the property. 

You have until May 16th of this year to pay last your respects, play your last $3 hand of blackjack on the strip, or experience the excitement of rolling a seven as you come out for the last time. 

Though I never actually spent a night under her roof I did spend many hours (and quite a few dollars) in her formerly festive casino. I never broke bread in the House of Lords but I did have my very first Red Bull and Vodka while seated at one of her gaming tables. 

Yes, I will miss her. Let's raise a toast one last time. May she live on in our hearts, minds, and Neon Graveyard forever!
My husband and I came here to say goodbye and to get a magnet to remember this place by. (Your better off finding one across the street) The Sahara has sentimental meaning for me and I'm sad to see it go. I used to come here with my family on many trips to Vegas during my childhood. I remember one time when we were walking out of the Sahara and we were passing the Camel Statues and this drunk guy kept yelling "Look at me " ..."Look at me!" He puts his mouth right on the camels privates! It was funny ....and I still remember it to this day! ..Good times. 

My husband and I had no luck finding any souvenirs here the stores were practically barren. I know it's a bad idea to gamble in a place that's closing down but we just got there and didn't want to leave right away. We should have left ! We lost like $80.00 in 10 minutes. My husband was grumbling on our way out ..."I'm glad this place is closing down". We left there empty handed ...no money and no magnet ....no bueno.
Cheap tables, check.

Low weekend rates, check.

A casino an equivalent to a dive bar (sketchy people included), check.

Having a crappy restaurant where you too can take on the "burrito challenge" and be the envy of your friends (including Mr. Toilet), check.

Being awaken at 4am due to a faulty fire alarm, causing everyone to run down 14 flights of stairs (elevators don't work), then having no one to greet you at the bottom nor anyone telling you what to do or where to go - check!  

RIP, Sahara - you will be (sorta) missed.
I went to vegas a couple of weeks ago so have some reviews to catch up on.  It was really hard between 3 and 4 stars on this one, but I went for the four.  Please understand that this is old vegas, it's not the new posh hotels but it gets four stars because its clean, the staff was nice, the buffet was cheap, and they had $1 black jack!  How awesome is that, so me and the finace drank like fish while playing $1 tables, and we broke about even but made out on the booze.  So yeah, it's not the nicest place in vegas but it's not the worst, and the room was under $50 a night!
Thank god this place is closing because this place is sad.  The only redeeming amenity this hotel offers is that the monorail stop is here.
I'm sad that Sahara is closing its doors. I have fond memories of this place, singing karaoke and playing $1 blackjack until the wee hours (or, you know, until dawn).

It's unfortunate that the Strip has lost so many of its classic casinos and the Sahara, while a bit shabby and definitely not as a dazzling as the newer casinos, had glory in its day.  It still holds that vintage Vegas charm for me.

I never stayed here, but I spent a lot of time on the casino floor. I'll miss playing Mr. Lucky's Fortune Cookie, one of the few places you could still find that slot machine (that I know of).

RIP in advance, Sahara. I should pick up something to remember you by.
I am an elitist pig who is reviewing the Sahara at 3 stars.  It is the perfect blend of ghetto and high-brow.  If you know what you are getting, the Sahara can fit the bill perfectly.

I am shedding a tear for its closing (in 5 days) but am hopeful that they will reopen it when the economic times are better.  However, I cant decide whether they should tear down and re-do the towers or try to remodel the existing structures.  People are just gonna want bigger rooms.

Here's what a revamped Sahara would have going for it;
- Excellent location at the north end of the strip.  
- Monorail station
- Reputation/history
- Near the new sports arena and convention center
- Close to the "Gentleman's Clubs." 

Good-bye old Sahara, and here's to new potential.
Honestly, it doesn't really matter what I write here.  In a few days, the Sahara Casino, a 59 year old Vegas institution and the last of the "original" casinos is closing its doors.  It doesn't matter if it was amazing or a total dump.  In fact, I've argued with many that cheer its demise because people confuse "original" and "older" as being synonymous with "demolish fodder".  And to be fair, it's a little of both these days, but it never should have reached the point of these last few hours.

Instead, I'll write about my experiences here, and what the Sahara meant to me.  2002 was the first time that I ever stepped foot in this city as a tourist, and it was the place that I stayed in.  I clearly missed to the "Golden Days" when the Rat Pack, Elvis, Beatles, Liberace, and so many  vintage stars graced the locale.   I clearly missed all that, as the bitter and entitled pointed out to me, but I didn't miss its value and history. 

I still periodically stopped by the Sahara from time to time.  I got excited finding the (still to this day) preserved Room 2344 in the Alexandria Tower where the Beatles stayed.  When I moved here and was at times broke, I ate at their buffet.  Not the most amazing food in the world, but it definitely had its place in that time of my life.

Two months ago, when I heard that the Sahara was closing, I decided to really give the old place a real chance.  I bought a few souvenirs before fans and eBay scavengers picked the place clean.  At an unofficial Yelp event, our group tried their crazy fast rollercoaster.  I spent years scoffing at their NASCAR Cafe, only to discover that they serve a delicious hot open faced turkey sandwich.  In retrospect, I guess the joke was on me.  I even ate at the House of Lords, and was treated to exceptional customer service.  Even just last night, the missus won over $300 on slots there.  

SBE purchased the place in 2007.  I hoped they would recognize Sahara's rarity and renovate it, because it needed work: New carpet, new wallpaper, new paint, a better ventilation system, non-scary elevators....  But none of it ever came, and over time, some of the eating places closed down months before the announcement.  Considering Vegas' disregard and total lack of interest for its own personal history, I figured one day they would just kill Sahara off and leave it an empty lot with other "legends" such as the Stardust and the New Frontier.

I've heard that in 2014, something will be put in its place, but it won't be called "Sahara".  Instead, it will invariably be yet another trendy corporate created venue that will tell an all too receptive public that this is the place that they will HAVE to frequent in order to be "cool" these days.  And people will (already) eat it up for the same celebrities who are famous for simply being famous, repetitive music and overpriced drinks you can get at every other venue on the Strip.  Modern progress.   If you can't Twitter it, it's not worth the time.

But this is it: The last of the originals closes its door.  I'd like to believe that one day, people will come to understand the value of what these old places meant.  Sahara housed LEGENDS.  Not the impersonators that people can pose for a photo op with these days, and certainly not wannabes.  If not for those "firsts" that populated this once remote desert oasis, Vegas would probably not have been much bigger than Baker, California these days. 

So yes, I am saddened and more than a little disappointed that Vegas lets yet another "first" slip away into the history books where it's somehow strangely easier to value and appreciate once it's gone.  

I'm definitely "late to the party" on "Sahara Appreciation", but I still built nine years of fond memories of my own.  Its closing also marks the end of a chapter in my personal life.  It is, and always will be, my very first taste of Vegas.  The last two months, though sad, filled me with a lot of wonderful and lasting stories of the place. I'm glad I took the time to get to know it one last time, and I'll see it off come Monday as it closes down.

Good-bye, old friend.
So it's one more day until it's game over for The Sahara.

It really is sad how the place fell into such a depressing funk and the multiple owners it's had over the past 10 years who owned it without caring. At the same time though, the place wasn't utterly terrible. Old and in some serious need of work? Definitely. Rundown and disgusting? Well, in Las Vegas it seems like anything built before 1990 is rundown by default anyway. The local bias against buildings from the 60's and 70's which just need a little work or may be totally fine even really amazes me, especially seeing how many other cities in America have buildings from the early 1900's or even the 1800s which look like they could totally collapse at any moment. Kind of beating a dead horse there, I know, I'm just dying to see how most of the people with these kinds of biases will react in 30 years or so if places like The Bellagio or The Venetain are considered "TOO OLD AND NOT HIP ENOUGH" by the next generation and put up for implosion. 

I took one final look around the place a few weeks ago. It appeared that the arcade, the Cyber Speedway, the rollercoaster and most of the Nascar Cafe were already closed up. It was a rather dark, somber atmosphere. Everyone in there (workers and clientele) did not seem to care, all except for the enthusiastic gift store clerk I talked to. Well, I wish them all the best of luck anyway. 

On a positive note, the building won't be blown up, but in a few years it's name will be changed and it will be modeled after all the other hip and trendy places in Las Vegas. Well, I'm happy that at least technically the "Sahara" will still be around, I just wish the owner would execute these plans without sucking out it's character and making out like what it was never happened.
It wasn't the newest casino on the strip, but I rented a suite here for my birthday in 2009 and I thought it was worth the $75 it cost for a 700sq ft 1 bedroom suite with a balcony overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and Sahara rd. It held a lot of history from the beginning of Vegas nightlife and it is time for it to close it's doors after decades on the Strip.
Just now heard the news that the historic Sahara Hotel & Casino is closing today.  I was there only 9 days ago and would have bought a souvenir if I had known the end was so near.  It was obvious, though, that it could not have lasted much longer.  Barely 50 people in the casino on a Saturday night and the porter had to call for taxi pick up in the porte cochere.

I am sorry that so many people in an especially hard-hit local economy are now out of work.  I'm sure the place was glorious in its heyday and maybe the property will be again some day.  It seems like the perfect spot for a sparkling new mega resort - lots of vacant land around and located on the last stop on the monorail.  That end of the strip sure needs a boost.

Goodbye $1 blackjack!  Thanks for the memories, Sahara.
Although that I was staying at the Riviera, but I decided to get a go to this hotel...
OF COURSE it's not the Bellagio...
But the history, the fact that you've HAD TO STAY THERE BEFORE CLOSING...that's why I decided to do and shoot a video in youtube...because I wanted to pay her the respects...
I'll keep her in my heart...FOREVER
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0DozXy0eyI
When I realized that I would be in town for the Sahara's closing, I decided I wanted to be there, and not only that, I wanted to be the last person to roll the dice on the craps table, and finally I was hoping to bribe the dealers with a generous tip to let me take the last pair of dice rolled.

On Saturday I stopped in to walk around the place and get more info about the closing schedule.  I played some craps and was told that the all the tables would be closing at 10am on Monday.  Late Saturday night I was back with some friends who wanted to get some chips and one last visit and just to be thorough I asked again about the closing and got the same info. Sunday night I decide to turn in early (1am) so that I wouldn't oversleep and could be in Sahara by 9am.  I notice from the parking garage and walking into the casino that things are not very busy so I'm feeling pretty good about my chances of being the last roller as I was a little concerned that it was going to be super crowded and nearly impossible to get on to any table game.  Just as I made my way past the bar I saw the only thing I was not expecting - an empty craps table. No players fine, but no Dealers?!  What happened?!?  I asked one of the suits and was told that they closed at 3am.  I could have easily been there had I not been provided bad info twice.  I'm bummed, sad, mad...

Well, I'm here so I might as well stay around til 10am and see if anything special happens when the table games close.  I jump on the roulette table and play for the final 40 minutes.  About half of that time is spent listening to passer-bys ask if they can buy chips while the dealer explains that they can't.  The cashier wasn't selling chips and the only other tables (BJ) were usually full.

I do appreciate that the pit supervisor let us know when there were 3 spins left so that we wouldn't be blindsided that the game was over.  On the final spin I go all in (you have to right? I was the only one who did though).  The prior spin winning # was 19 so I'm on red, odd and 5 individual #s including the last winning #.  Sure enough 19 hits again and I cash about a $150 profit. That helps ease a bit of the pain of missing the final craps session which was what I had been looking forward to for weeks.

Doors were closing at 2pm but I'm not a slot player and it sure didn't look or feel like anything ceremonial was going to happen so I take a few pics and head back to the Encore to check out.

Farewell Sahara
Three stars means "A-OK", and Sahara was just that to me, or at least the casino part of it.  It was what it was. There was no grandeur, no luster, nothing magnificant remanining.  It was a solid piece of the Las Vegas landscape. There was a lot of history there, a lot of nostalgia.  You could have a really fun time without risking the kids' college funds to pay for it.  

Now it's gone.  It's boarded up all around the property.  All its contents are being sold or auctioned off.  Nothing but an empty shell will remain.  How and why was this allowed to happen?  What will become of it?  What will become of the nearly abandoned North strip even?  Which one will be the next to go?

It's a real shame that places like the Sahara and others have been, or are now being, completely displaced by the huge new megaresort casinos catering to the big spenders and high rollers, leaving the working man with fewer and fewer affordable options, at least on the sensational strip.  Can't there be a happy medium somewhere so everyone, regardless of the size of their bankroll, can find their niche when want to stay and gamble on the strip?
I learned how to play craps at this casino in the early 90's. Now it's yet another in a long line of former Sin City joints that sadly has run it's course.

RIP Sahara I'll miss you.
Hotel was exactly what we needed it to be. A place to sleep and shower. It was clean for the most part. Minus the random hairs in the shower. There was paint chipping in random places too but eh it's an old casino. 

I didn't like the parking. Didn't feel too safe with all my stuff in it.
So sad to see you go.

$1 Blackjack, 4oz martinis,blood on the walls and semen on the sheets.

You were my kind of place.
Sad they are gone, the dollar blackjack, beer and hot dogs were just plain fun. Stayed there a couple times....yeah obvious you were not at the wynn but what do you want for $15 a night and usually got comped for that. I remember my wife sitting down on the bed wth a thud, we looked at each other and at the same time said "yep we were not at the MGM." Not really sure why but we used to love the $5 buffet. Over the years just kept getting more and more run down as they closed more and more then finally, it was finished. Went to the closing party where they gave out the remaining jackpots from the progressives and still have a couple $1 chips stashed. We used to bring our friends there when they were in town and have taught many to play blackjack at the $1 tables. Alas...gone...Vaya con Dios old friend.
Sahara, you will be missed.  I didn't think the rooms were as bad as a lot of people said they were.  Our room was clean and looked like it had been renovated not too long ago.  The pool was nice and large too.  I liked that old Vegas atmosphere and this casino has a lot of history behind it.  That is getting harder and harder to find in Vegas.  

My favorite part about the Sahara was the $1 hot dogs, beer, and mini-shots with the free souvenir shot glass.  It was a way to do Vegas on the cheap and still have fun.
OK, so I'm a sucker for the Old Vegas style.  The New Frontier has great room specials and sometimes you can get a HUGE suite for the same price as a room somewhere else.  (I'm serious -- it was bigger than my apartment in SF!)  They have $1 frozen margaritas downstairs and the biggest country bar in Vegas, complete with two-steppin' cowboys and their ladies.  It's hard to find food after midnight, but that's not why you're there...  http://www.frontierlv.com/
I went here during the Consumer Electronics Show in 2006, and I had to book at the last minute so I was paying about $300/night for this place. It's definitely not worth that much. The atrium suites are decently clean but nothing fancy. I was just glad to have a place to stay! The pool looked nice but it was too cold to go swimming. The sign out front said there was mud wrestling, but I didn't get to see it.
You want Old Vegas? Here you go. This place and the Stardust are
the oldest on the Strip. Unlike the Stardust however this place shows
its age. Room we had was pretty decrepit. Broken furniture,stale cig
odor even though supposed to be a n/s room. Location is not ideal.
Why stay here? One reason would be if you're going to party all night
at Gilley's (which we did one night--enjoyed the bikini bull riding). 
Another reason might be the huge pool,one of the largest I've ever
seen. Besides that this place has nothing going for it. It was slated
for the wrecking ball years ago,why is it still standing? Strange.
The New Frontier place is kinda divey. I dont know how it got the "New" part in the name, as its obviously old, and there's been no maintenance on the place for about 30 years. The carpets smell musty. 

This place reminds me of the one in The Shining. You'll have to walk for about ten minutes to get to your room. The multi coloured red carpet, and fake wooden finishing spell fancy for the 70s.

After a while, the old style gaming area grows on you, and once you accept it, this place is cool and Vegas all over.

Driving in, we know we're close when we see a large hotel wrapped by a roller coaster. Paddy says, "you ain't seen nothin yet". When we do arrive, we still haven't seen anything yet, when we get lost in what turns out to be a hotel carpark.

Vegas deserves it's reputation, and is huge fun. On the first night, Riet and Chap get tickets to Celine Dion in the hope of seeing plenty of tackiness and kitch. Celine delivers in her new show titled "A new day". Chap went along just to keep Riet company, but comes back singing "I drove all niiiiight to get to you", and even bought her CD.
The Frontier is the only gig in town that still has bingo and an awesome cowboy bar complete with mechanical bull, and scantily-clad cow chick servers. I did not stay here, but only visited. I'm seriously thinking it would be a good place to stay though, the location is good, and it doesn't appear to be outrageously priced. It is a little aged, but that's what gives it the charm.
"OK" hotel if you want to stay at a place that is cheap on the strip.
my friends & i absolutely LOVE this hotel.
its on the strip right across from the wynn hotel and right next door to the fashion show mall.  its not a tourist trap [no crowds, no mile hike to get through the casino to your room] and we get a great deal on the HUGE atrium suites.  the pool is also about 12 feet deep and thats unheard of nowadays!

been staying here for 10 years - hope they NEVER do away with it!
ok we didn't live or play at this place, only stop by to eat. they raised the buffet price compared to our last visit in 2005 summer. although on the front door banner it says" the orchard buffet ,mon -sat, $13.95", they told  us inside because it's friday night, they charge $18.95 instead.without enough patronage the buffet food is old and stale . I heard all the casinos raised their dining price, so we didn;t look around at all. lesson learnt, no buying unpopular buffet.
For those of us who are tired of hearing about the newest mega resorts and table service and Cirque shows, the Frontier is a nice change.  It's definitely a taste of what it used to be like here before the moving statues and dancing fountains.  It used to be about gaming and booze, and both are prevalent here.  The casino boasts a big center bar with poker machines so old they only take quarters.  There's a decent sized sports book and some restaurants and counter eateries scattered about. 

The one time I stayed here, we got a 'suite' for $40.  The room was HUGE with a full bar, but the only bed lived in the sofa.  Anyway, after a night of doing it up downtown style it didn't matter WHERE we slept just as long as we did.

It's not fancy, but the bang you get for your buck definitely makes this place worthwhile.  Plus, it's at the north end of the Strip making it easy to get downtown. 

Rumours of demolition abound.
The Orchard Coffee shop buffett....

I was starving and just could not drive anymore so I went in it really was not to bad for 12.95 pp it was an Italian dinner buffett...

Some of the Pasta's were okay ..the prime rib was good..All you can eat shrimp (tasted fresh)

Plus the waitress let me order food 2 go which is not supposed to be done 1 star for that alone
It is with great melancholy that I learned yesterday of the demolition of the New Frontier casino and hotel down on the lonely end of the Vegas strip.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9THikNnags

Yes, high end Vegas is a lot of fun. But, I really had a soft spot in my heart for this truly old-school place.

I was first schooled on this place in 2002 by an old co-worker (thanks, Whipps) who dragged a bunch of us out for a round of rides on the mechanical bull - after which I had sore groin muscles for literally six days from the 25 seconds of leg clenching for dear life.

Last year, I had the distinct pleasure of spending a festive evening with friends (also on a business trip) in an effort to escape the corporate drudgery of the casinos and clubs up the strip. Our Tuesday evening went something like this: chicken strips, Jack Daniels, bull rides, fried mozzarella sticks, Miller Genuine Draft, potato skins, wagering on the mud wrestling, more beer.  You get the picture. 

And, I can't help but mention one of the coolest gambling contraptions in the entire state of Nevada... the mechanical horse-races. Man, I hope that thing was spared. Please let me know if anyone spots that awesome machine.  Good times.

God speed, New Frontier.
The casual buffet at Cafe Lago in Caesar's Place is nothing special. For $22 you can get a variety of mediocre food. The desserts are decent, but everything else is disappointing or at best unremarkable. At least the decor is decent, and the live piano was a nice touch.
I agree with Ellie...the food is nothing to write home about, however for an additional $10 you can have all you can drink champagne. I am a huge fan! The atmosphere was very mellow and the cheesy piano man really made my day! I left very happy, a little tipsy and ready to hit up the forum shops! :)
Vegas isn't really my cup of tea, except that in Vegas you could probably get a 3 foot cup of piping hot tea with sparkles, glitter and sugar cubes in the shape of boobies or certain lascivious Roman gods. And then it would totally be my cup of tea. 

Anyway, Cafe Lago was a lot of style and not a whole lotta substance. We arrived fairly late, around 9, actually, so we assumed that the buffet was depleted because of the hour, but it sounds like there just isn't a whole lot to begin with. They did have shrimp cocktail, so I wasn't complaining. They also had these absolutely gigantic figs at the salad bar. They were seriously the size of apples and really quite delicious. I think my mom had three! 

The service wasn't very good. Our server's shift ended about 30 minutes into our meal and he asked us to pay our bill then. We did, tipped him, and then realized that we didn't get a receipt. So should we tip the new server, too? It still isn't clear to me whether or not she was expecting a tip, but we (are cheap asses) and decided that at a buffet, there is no reason to tip twice. 

All in all, it was a fun time and probably something you want to do if it's your first time in Vegas (it was for me), but it's not Cafe Lago you're going for, it's the experience of a buffet in Vegas.
It was late afternoon and we had to eat!  We had plans for a dinnertime buffet at Bellagio, but everyone knows you can't go into a buffet on a completely empty stomach!  (Your stomach shrinks down for some reason!)

We figure a quick bite at Cafe Lago would suffice.  What a mistake.  First off, the service was damn slow.  Sure, it was the in between time of lunch and dinner, but we waited forever for our waiter so we could order.

I remember ordering a portabello mushroom panini sandwich.  It was a very generous portion and it came with a side salad.  Starving as a I was, I ate the whole damn thing.  Big mistake...I was never going to make it to the Bellagio buffet now!  It was a pretty good sandwich I remember, although I can't remember what kind or anything.

But service was slow, and I can attest to that only.  

Most people dine here for their buffet, as you can see...that wasn't our case here.

Note to self: Do not order a meal before going to a buffet in less than two hours.  Not going to happen.  Eat a damn granola bar or something, shute!
Wanted a brunch/buffet type Sunday and we hadn't hit Caesar's yet so decided to give it a go.  Oh cool, the line's not so long, shouldn't take long.  Took them like half an hour to go through 20 people, at a buffet ...

The service was also slow once we got in.  Waitress brought our drinks and then we pretty much didn't see her again until two plates later and we asked for the bill.  At that point she asks my friend if he wants a refill (after we asked for the bill and when his cup's been empty since like halfway through the first plate) and looks at him like he's crazy when he says no.

The buffet is pretty limited, and they don't even put out scrambled eggs.  It's nice that you can have eggs and omelets cooked to order but not when that's the ONLY way you can have eggs and you have to wait like 10-15 minutes.  Admittedly the salmon and cream cheese omelet was pretty good.  They also had ham and skirt steak and some other carved meats, ribs, crab legs (though those were gone and not refilled).

Definitely didn't seem worth it for the price.
My wedding reception was held at Cafe Lago and was great, not perfect.  The buffet had great selections and the food was good, but not the best buffet in Vegas (try Cravings at the Mirage).  The waiters for our party were very attentive and great considering our guests had large drink orders, comprised of martinis and shots that were unheard of in Vegas.  

If you plan to have your reception here: 
1.   Make sure ahead of time that they understand the table arrangements.  Unfortunately we had our rowdy friends table placed next to older relatives table, rather than on the other side of the room as planned.
2.  Coordinate with a family member or friend to let the tables know when they can go up to the buffet.  A little tacky that I had to be the one to do it, but no one really noticed, it's just me being Bridezilla.
3.  They don't have center pieces.
4.  You can't hear the pianist, so check if you can have your own music.
5.  We opted to let our friends order whatever drinks they wanted rather than the Champagne brunch + drinks.  It saved us about $400.
It's the run of the mill buffet place and for Caesar's, it seems quite small.  Anyways, my mom and I needed a quick bite before our shuttle arrived and we ended up here.  I just concentrated on just having mostly the peeled shrimp cocktail (you can't really mess that up), some beef ribs, and some veggies.  They actually had broccoli raab, cauliflower, and some mixed mushroom dish that was pretty good.
We only ended up coming here after hitting up Paris and seeing the line snake around the corner which meant we would not be eating for at least an hour. Mind you, the time was 10:40 AM on a Sunday. 

This joint gets a single star because my experience at the Bellagio buffet the day before completely trumps this place. I got an egg white omelete at both places and the chef at Bellagio does it better and much faster. Okay so I may have a slight bias for Bellagio but can you blame me. 

The buffet line was nonexistent and learn from my mistake, as no line = crappy buffet. The price was the same as what I paid at Bellagio the day before. My buddy who literally can shut a buffet joint down only had two plates. 

You don't get your money back on two plates. Avoid this like the plague and check out the other buffet joints in Vegas.
This place pretty much sucks.  

1.  They lied about when breakfast was served.
2.  There was only about 20 dishes, so no variety.
3.  With number 2 in mind, I paid $18, which isn't worth it.

You're better off eating at MGM Grand's Buffet or the Rio, where it does cost a little bit more, but you get more for your money.

Don't eat here.  Oh yeah, the server was rude as well.
Everyone always raves about the overpriced buffets in Las Vegas but somehow, I don't see it.  We arrived for brunch which cost about $25 a pop...$35 if you wanted all you can drink momosas.  The best item I tasted was probably the garlic herb chicken which was hidden at the end of the buffet line.  The orange chicken was dry.  I think Panda Express makes better orange chicken.  The potatoes were also decent.  Everything else was subpar.  I'm not a picky eater either so that's saying a lot.  I'll have to try some other buffets because this one just didn't do much for me.
Beautiful setting for a great breakfast buffet.  The restaurant has floor-to-ceiling windows looking out to the Caesar's pool.  We had excellent service from a very attentive and friendly waiter.  Never had to ask for a refill on anything, and when we did have to ask for condiments, he brought us more than enough.  They had the best omelette station, definitely worth waiting for.  Huge portions and perfectly cooked.  I agree with the first review about there not being that many dishes for a buffet...but everything was fresh and the hot foods were hot and not overcooked.  

Every coupon book you get for signing up for casino rewards cards has a $5 off coupon, making your Cafe Lago meal a steal.
A total waste of $23 for Sunday brunch. That is what I get for being too lazy to venture farther from the conference center. The food was good but not great and there weren't many dishes to choose from. The service was just adequate.
Cafe Lago rules!

I don't know what the other reviewers experienced, but the food selection was awesome and the servers nice and efficient.  The salmon was consistently good and the fruit served in the morning was astonishing--especially the berries.

I was here every morning for breakfast--I'll be back!
The food was excellent, if nothing mind shattering.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was attentive.  Maybe cost a little bit more then other Vegas buffets, but the food was good so it's not much of a complaint.
I sometimes wonder if previous Yelpers ate at a different restaurant than the one we ate at.  Yes, we will agree that the selection is smaller than some of the giant buffets at places like Mandalay Bay and Paris, but the quality is MUCH, MUCH better.

Let's talk mashed potatoes.  Pretty standard, right?  Wrong.  In most places they just offer flaked potatoes made with water.  Pretty runny.  These mashed potatoes are are real potatoes mashed with butter and cream.  Even better with the real bacon bits offered on the side.  And this is only the beginning for really good and unusual vegetable dishes.  Creamed celery root anyone?  No?  Then you missed a wonderful vegetable dish.  You probably missed the brussel sprouts and red peppers that my husband had three servings of.  I was scarfing down the creamy, anchovy Caesar salad and the wonderful, wonderful bread.  I swear this is the best bread in Las Vegas.  We tried the pretzel rolls, the olive foccacia, the cibbatta, and the to die for multigrain, nut, and dried fruit bread.  I also had some fine pork roast stuffed with herbs and cranberries.  My husband had a great prime rib -- tasted like real beef (NOT watery) and was tender, tender, tender.

And the service was GREAT.  There is my husband wailing away on his stuffed lobster with a knive, when a chef hustled over and asked if he had killed it yet.  We laughed and then the chef gave my husband a lobster cracker.  It was probably on the buffet all along, but my husband never saw it.

I told my husband to save room for dessert, but he was having a hard time stopping with the regular offerings.  I had three small desserts -- a multi-layer pistachio cake, a crisp cookie with five PERFECT raspberries on it, and a slice of pie?  cake?  OK, a crust with cherries on the bottom, a filling, and whipped cream and toasted almonds on top.  It was called a rice pudding cake because the filling was rice pudding!  Who knew?  My husband went right for the pecan pie, the cannelloni, and the macaroons.  He can't wait to go back again.
My boyfriend and I came here our last morning in Vegas, figuring we'd 'splurge' on brunch buffet.  It's Caesar's Palace, it must be good right?  Not so much.  Nothing was really bad, but food was kind of cold, and not worth the $ we paid.  Head over to Cravings or somewhere else, Cafe Lago isnt worth it.

Oh, the one thing that was pleasant was the nice view of the "lake."
Huge disappointment.  Years ago Caesar's Place had one of the best Buffets in town.  You can image my surprise to find how small it has become now.  They did have frozen crab legs, prime rib and turkey but that was about all they had.  The salad and side selection was very thin.  You can get a nice meal in one of the other restaurants for about the same price.
Decent breakfast buffet at Caesar's for $16.  I cant really complain (even though I'm great at it).  If you're health conscious, there's oatmeal, yogurt, cheeses, and lots of varied fresh and dried fruit selections.  The bacon and sliced ham were GREAT!  They even had turkey sausages.  Hash browns were a bit dry.  French toast and belgium waffles were very good, not dry at all, even though they were under the heat lamps.  The smoked salmon was quite good, and had a nice selection of capers, red onion and cream cheese to go with.  There was a huge selection of pastries, but I didnt try any.  The bottomless orange juice is fresh squeezed.  That alone is worth the price of admission.
Service: Horrible
Price: Expensive
Food: Sh_t
Atmosphere: Old

We got up late and couldn't go to the buffet we wanted to, so we went to  this one since it was in the Hotel.

What a joke! I saw the chef out around the buffet, giving direction to his staff. I would never endanger myself so much as to be accessible to the guests for fear they would really tell him how horrible this place is. He is a better man than I.

Absolutely go some place else like The Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian.
I will always remember this place.  It was the first place I ever dined at in Las Vegas.  I remember like it was yesterday.  My ex-gf and I arrived in Vegas at 6am or so and had no idea where to eat.  We were staying at the Bellagio but everything there seemed closed so we ended up at Caesars Palace somehow.  We wandered around aimlessly until we saw a restaurant that looked open.  We quickly ran in and had our first Vegas meal/Breakfast buffet.  I can't believe how easily amused I was back then by the all you can drink chocolate milk.  The food wasn't too bad, hard to judge since you'd have to try really hard to screw up breakfast foods.  I'll have to check this place out again...for old times sake.
Talk about disappointment.  And regret.  We were told by one of our guys that Caesar's had a great buffet, and who were we to argue?  It's still one of the nicer resorts on the strip.  We got there Memorial Day morning, and while we weren't surprised that we got charged the weekend prices, it was a bit weird that it was next to empty.

We found out why.  You don't get nearly what you pay for to come here.  The selection really comes down to the omelet station, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, and sushi.  There wasn't much variety in the foods, and they didn't re-supply quickly enough (there was a point where was no fresh fruit to be found at all!)  Also, even though someone said that quality beats out quantity, it sure sucks when you have to wait in line to get food.  And really, it's not that much better than other places.

On its own it's passable, but with so many better options around for the same price, it's really not worth it to go.
Stay FAR FAR away. I'm not just saying that to tempt you to try it.  The dinner options (VERY minimal for the amount of money) and taste was just terrible.  Not even the dessert and our friendly waiter could save us from our poor dining experience.  You know it's bad when your lemonade is the best part of the meal.
One of the worst buffets on the strip.  Don't be tricked like me into coming here with $5 off coupons.  Even with the $5, this place is a ripoff for the money.  I ate here on my last day of my vegas vacation and it was simply sad.  Dinner was $23.95 but cost me $18.95 for the coupon.  The drink was included and they don't have coke, only pepsi.  

The food selection is VERY VERY minimal.  Even the dessert cart.  The desserts look like a lot until you realize it's a repeat of the same dish.  Our server was nice (better than the Wynn) and we tipped her because it must be a sorry place to work and it's not her fault that the buffet selections suck.  There is tri tip, roast turkey, some fried rice, sushi, noodles, pasta, puree of spinach, potatoes, carrots, sour pineapples, cantelope, and watermelon.

I think I had a better time eating at Imperial Palace & Harrah's buffet.  Even at 8pm at night, there is a wait to get in.  The reason why is that there are only two people working the floor.  There are plenty of seats and everyone knows that.

This must have been "the place" to eat about 10 years ago.  However, it looks like Caesars haven't kept up with the times and this place truely shows it's age.

Since you don't pay until you are finished with your dinner (bill comes at the end like a normal restaurant), when you walk into the place, please look at the food selections before you sit down and order drinks.

This move alone can save you from a sorry and disappointing dining experience.  Ignore the reviews with more than two stars because those diners got ripped off and they are too embarrassed to admit their mistake.  They want everyone to get ripped off just like them.

Remember my tip:  Look at the food selections before sitting down.
DON'T EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!

I had dinner at Cafe Lago in Caesars Palace, Las Vegas on October 11, 2008. I was extremely disappointed at the selection and quality of food at the restaurant. For $24.95 per person, I expect a lot more than what was offered at Cafe Lago. The roast beef was dry and tough, so was the turkey. The selection is very limited. The only things worth eating is the snail and the snow crab legs. I paid $150 for 5 people in my party and everyone complaint, everyone including my 10 year old daughter. Go to The Buffet in Wynn, they have much better food, more selection and the price is about the same.
Least crazy and decadent of all of the buffets I went to. Still, this one was pretty good. Very clean and open, despite its smaller size. The fresh fruit was very nice, yogurt cups were excellent, baked goods were fresh, and home fried potatoes were my favorite. Price wasn't too bad and the staff were decent. Not the best buffet but not the worst.
For breakfast, this was a nice buffet choice.  It was smaller than Paris' Le Village breakfast buffet, but it had the basics - omelette station, with a smoked salmon omelette as an option, as well as fresh fruit, cheeses and carbs.  It's inexpensive and probably the most pleasantly decorated I'd seen.

I'm a fan of all things Caesar's Palace, so I'd recommend this place as part of your stay there.
For a buffet in such an upscale resort as Caesar's Palace, this one leaves a lot to be desired.  It's not quite as pricey  (although still too much) as Bellagio, Paris, or Planet Hollywood buffets, but nowhere near the selection or quality either.

We went at lunch time.  The dining room is small.  The selections are very limited, and the service not up to acceptable standards.  The server did not appear for drink orders for at least ten minutes after we'd already started eating.  

Although the food was certainly edible, it certainly wasn't memorable.  I can't think of anything that could entice me to return for round two.  Far better choices are available in the vicinity.
Urgh. We got to Vegas too late to be able to get into Bellagio's buffet without a 3-4 hr wait (we went on Dec. 25, smaaaart idea), so we thought Caesar's would be good, because it looks all nice and stuff on the outside y'know. Line took an hour, getting us good and hungry. But wtf?? Like $30 for nothing, pretty much?? Blah. You know it's not a good sign when their lemonade is bad, even. Nice server, but not enough foooood! The crab legs were gross, super salty and so cold they were basically ice blocks. They had like no pasta, and some of the food was in awkward lift-up-the-lid-yourself pot things. Hellooo. We expected so much more and were definitely disappointed, especially at that price tag.

Seriously, get out at like 4:30 to catch the Bellagio or Wynn buffets with a short line, the slightly higher price is so worth it compared to this sorry excuse for a buffet!
i was actually quite pleased with my time day here at this buffet....lol jk it was only a 3 hour visit! lol

we came here for the valentine's day buffet (not planned), and they had a REALLY good spread for $35 a pop.  stuffed whole lobster (YES WHOLE), two types of KOBE beef (YES, KOBE!), prime rib, veal, lamb chop, cold appetitizers which consists of shrimp, crabs and yes...more lobster! they attempted to add some "side dishes" in there with veggies, potatoes, asian veggie and meat dishes, fried rice (which was probably not necessary), salads, fruits, pasta and soups.  very good variety of deserts, the best was probably the chocolate fondue and the choco covered cheesecake with crushed pistachio nuts.  

food was absolutely wonderful but the service could have been better (and faster).  this buffet is small compared to the other Vegas buffets and is tucked away in the corner towards the back of the casino. having all the lobster and kobe beef, this is what i imagine would be a "rich man's buffet". lol
This was probably one of the better buffet experiences that I've had anywhere.  As soon as we were seated, our whole table was served OJ, and a carafe of coffee to share.  Definitely come here for a less crowded, less noisy buffet experience.  You will likely see less choices, sure- but the quality of the food will more than make up for it.

The highlight for me is their garlic mashed potato- with tons of roasted whole garlic cloves mixed inside.  I topped it with freshly cooked bacon bits and it was to die for!  They also had strawberries in white chocolate...and mini pecan bars on shortbread...yum!

The brunch on Sunday was $25, brunch on Monday was $20...totally worth it since a cup of coffee will set you back $4 at the food court at Cesars.
Me and the girls chose to come here for our champagne brunch. It was about $25 + another $10 for a glass or $15 for unlimited champagne brunch.  Needless to say, we went with the latter among the 3 of us and ordered a lot of OJ. Our waitress was cool and left the bottle for us :)

The buffet area is not as large as others and thus, the variety was not as grand as I expected, but they did have your basic items - eggs, bacon, salmon items, etc.  I tried a lot of various cheeses and pastries, which were good (hard to mess those up, though). We came late enough that they started switching the food for lunch, so that was nice :)

The seating area is set up quite nicely - sectioned - like a real restaurant, as opposed to cafeteria seating, with too many tables and seats "lined up" next to each other.

Well, I won't say this is the best breakfast buffet I've ever had, but all in all, it wasn't bad and I wouldn't mind coming back.
So you thought I was through with all the Vegas posts, didn't you? I just never got around to working on this post, mainly because this buffet itself was so disappointing. When we arrived at the Cafe Lago inside of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, we saw how empty the place was. Not a great sign. The only reason we ate here was because we moved our rooms over to this hotel after staying at the Bellagio for a few nights, and it was too easy to just go downstairs and find the buffet.

The room itself was beautifully decorated.

The buffet itself was tiny, and the selection was small. Of course the crab legs. the cocktail shrimps, and the prime rib were all there, but there was not much else to offer.

I initially thought that there were oyster shooters available when I saw those small glasses, but one had just cocktail sauce, and the other just olives. Disappointing. 

There was a soup station that claimed that wonton soup was available. On a cold night, that sounded good, and I tried a bowl. Beneath those huge lids were the soups, and you could add in mushrooms and various other toppings. But alas, the wontons were no where to be found. So I asked the server where they were, and she said that that was it. What?? Then why do you label it as wonton soup? We got into a very good discussion with our waitress, a nice Vietnamese lady, who basically told us that no one ever likes the soup. She pointed us into the direction of the buffet at Wynn, very honest of her, and she kindly mixed up some free Mimosas for us without asking. The Mimosas are usually extra. We felt like we've know her all our lives. 

The pastry bar was just ok. Nothing really stood out here. 

There were some good things about the buffet. There was an everflowing chocolate fondue fountain. Dark chocolate and white chocolate, with lots and lots of strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, and other fruits for dipping. I didn't care too much for the chocolate itself; I just went for those blueberries and blackberries because if I ate 10 pounds or so of those, I could get my money's worth. And I think I just about did that. 

One other thing I liked about Cafe Lago was this large selection of these mini-parfaits. In particular, there was a guava parfait that was truly special, and the others were good too. There were some jello shots that were quite good. And they had real ice cream, not soft serve.

So what Cafe Lago lacked in their meats, they try to make up for it in fruits, ice creams, and parfaits. I don't think that's enough to warrant a voluntary return visit, as there are much better buffets out there in Vegas, such as the one at the Bellagio and Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel.

Full post with photos on my blog.
The worst food....ever.......kill me now..........
Not much selection on food but they are ok. King crab leg and shrimp need to order each time and it takes longer time than I expected. The dessert sucks, don't even try them and not much of them to choose.
It is pretty simple for me when I come here. I like the shrimp cocktail but the draw for me is the spicy sauce. It is not the best anymore but how are you gonna beat all you can eat shrimp. I love the roast beef/ prime rib and the horseradish sauce. 

I have been going here 4ever to all of youse that didn't know the buffet was never huge and grandiose but whatever food they did have it was of high quality. I would say the buffet is here for the convenience of the hotel guests. 

I gets some veggies also maybe some mashed potatoes if they have it. Then there is dessert. Viva Las Vegas!
Very good quality, not crowded, service was good and $27 for dinner seems reasonable. Only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is the dessert bar wasnt that great.
Gosh, I don't see how this place can stay open for much longer. We should have realized that this place was going to suck since it looked empty. We gave it a shot anyway.

I can say the escargot was good, as was the prime rib. But that's about it. Sure sure they bring you a big plate of shrimp and crab legs, but you can get this at other buffets. The deserts were mediocre to sad. There aren't very many choices. Sure it looks like a lot, but it's all the same thing spaced out to look like there is more variety than what's actually there.

The utensils still had food on them.YES, FOOD! When we asked the waitress to bring us more forks for the crab legs she said something like "I've been telling him." WHO is she telling!? I thought SHE was our waitress. I felt like she did not really care what we had to say considering there were 9 of us, so her tip was already included. Her english was so bad we couldn't understand her AT ALL. Being the only multilingual person at the table everyone looked at me. 
Friends: What did she say?
Me: Huh?
Friends: What was she saying?
Me: How the h*ll should I know. She's speaking Vietnamese and I don't understand Vietnamese. ( non pun intended to my Vietnamese friend who was sitting @ the table with me). 

What really did it she told my friend that 2 beers were $22, and when the bill came ( seperate for alcohol drinks) it was $16. When he asked her about the price she tried to say that she told him that it was $16.22
She did not say that at all.

After all these things we will NEVER be back to this place again. Advise: MAKE SURE YOUR UTENSILS DON'T HAVE FOOD STILL STUCK ON THEM ( I'm sure you do that anyway, right?)
The buffet at Cafe Lago is slightly above average.  They don't have a super giant selection like some of the other places, but everything that they do serve is pretty good quality.  Sometimes, I would rather have a few quality items over quantity.  The buffet is more like 3.5 stars.

Also, while I was in Vegas recently, I got to eat here again for a wedding reception.  It was held in the large room in the back which accommodated 5 large tables of guests.  There was Caesar salad as the starter, and for entrees we got to choose between chicken, prime rib and salmon, and dessert was strawberry cheesecake.  The dining area and place settings were extremely elegant and classy which I really liked.  I wish I could say the same for the food. The Caesar salad was only average.  The prime rib I had was extremely good, but then I had also not had anything to eat all day and it was already nearly 8pm so that is probably not saying much.  And lastly, the cheesecake was pretty disgusting.  It wasn't the traditional cheesecake with the pie crust on the bottom.  Instead it was a lot like the hardest sugar cookie you could ever imagine. You couldn't even cut into it with a knife, let alone try to bite it off.  The service was good, but painfully slow.  From start to finish, it took nearly 2 hours to have salad, an entree and dessert.  I was about to raid the buffet instead.  Overall, I probably wouldn't want to host a wedding reception or any dinner reception here, unless it involved eating in the buffet.
The service definitely sucks here, but the food (breakfast, anyway) is solid and hearty. All the staples are present and the coffee is as good as anywhere in the city. Try to get a window seat on the south side of the room. The waiters are so slow and a bit uncaring, but mostly, a really cool place. Recommended!
This was the biggest ripoff in buffet history - the buffet is rather small and nothing stood out at all.  Stay very far away from this place - go to the Wynn buffet instead.  You have been warned.  If you do not heed this warning, shoot me an email and I will gladly fly to your location and punch you directly in the face.
I must say i was hesitant to try out this place after reading all the reviews but since this is the only buffet place in Cesar's and i had dinner voucher for this place i decided to take the risk. During the holidays they had special sea food special going on which include unlimited shrimps and crab legs. The seafood was fresh and delicious and for me that was a deal maker in itself. In general buffet i didn't find much variety. I tried dim sum ( average), fried rice ( average), two kind of sushi (below average), salad bar, baked fish ( average) and 4 different kind of potato( Awesome, off the hook). The dessert bar was another deal maker for me because it consisted of about 20 different kind of desserts. I think for $27 this place is definitely worth it especially if they have seafood platter as well. The server practically ignored our table hence the three stars
AWFUL, DO NOT EAT HERE.  

$40 NYE/NY Day buffet special was horrible.  You can tell this place wasn't built as a buffet.  On their special menu outside, they said it included lobster and a lot of other stuff.  Once inside, there was no lobster in sight.  I asked the waiter, the sign said there is lobster, can you tell me where it is?  He said, it is lobster bisque, it is a soup.  OK - now I am some sort of dumbass?  I went to the soup section and there was some nasty chowder and something else that looked nasty.  No lobster bisque.  I finish my horrible meal and go outside and my eyes didn't lie, it said LOBSTER you f*cK.  Would not recommend anyone spend their money here.  The only thing good where was the chocolate covered strawberries.  I ate here for free (comped) but still left furious.
I was not impressed at all the only reason they got the 2 star was the desserts were good but the selection was so small but they did have crab legs and peel and eat shrimp chilled But they bring it out to you we had 6 in our party they brought us 8 crab legs and about 16 shrimp enough for me to just get started and it was work to try to get a second platter with less than the first 1 so I filled up on line foods nothing terrible as far as taste goes but I have had much better but not big on buffets anyway with a little effort you will find better places
One price for the cool decor and good service.

We went here because we couldn't make up our minds about where to eat. We don't usually do buffets, but since we were staying at Caesar's, it was just easy to go here for lunch. There was no line, and the place looked nice. But, the food was horrible. 

The run-down:
Pasta station -- pastas were way overdone, sauces were equivalent to Chef Boyardee in taste. Bland, horrible.

Prime Rib -- Fatty, lots of gristle. Au jus had no flavor. Mashed potatoes were mushy. Horrible.

Chinese -- Fried rice tasted days old, and kung pao chicken tasted like shit. Horrible.

Sides -- Steamed veggies were ok, but you can't go wrong with steaming any food. Grilled corn was rubbery, tasted like it had been sitting there for hours. Nasty, horrible.

Dessert -- Chocolate chip cookies were crunchy, not chewy. Tasted like they were out of a package. Single chocolate truffles tasted cheap and stale. Chocolate covered strawberries were a bit mushy and the green tops were wilted and brown.

Save yourself the money, time, and taste buds. Go elsewhere.
I usually hate buffets, but this is really good. They don't have as many choices as most buffets, but the food is actually really good, not just mass-produced crap for the drunken masses(not that I'm above getting a little drunk in Vegas)
My favorite Vegas buffet by far.
Located inside of Caesar's, we ventured into this buffet solely because we were starving and too tired to go anywhere too far.  We came during the weekend brunch just as it was transitioning to the proper lunch menu so we got to same both selections.

Overall, Cafe Lago is a bit of a disappointment for a buffet, but the price is on the lower end compared to some places ($25).  The food was decent, but the overall selection was quite minimal.  There was no proper salad bar, and I just felt that there should be more food variety.

There was a nice pastry selection, but unfortunately, it was shut down at the end of the brunch hour.
This is a smaller buffet but it's not about quantity it's the QUALITY. 

I've been to plenty of Buffet's (now i have to go back and review past buffet's so that you'll see how many I've been to) and this one is GREAT! 

I would also like to applaud the desserts. My boyfriend isn't a big fan of sweets like I am, but he LOVED LOVED LOVED the cream puffs and the mousse shots; he said that they tasted just like a caramel latte. 

first stop the next time I'm in Vegas is THIS BUFFET!
I hate buffets to begin with, so this is a pretty biased review.  My friends and I were in town during the special, $29.99 all you can eat for 24 hours, at all participating harrah hotels.  Line was long, about a 1 hour wait, which is expected.  Got our wristbands, and headed for our first meal in vegas.  The only good thing I recall was the prime rib, although a little too rare for my liking.  Other than that, buffet food is pretty nasty to me.  Right when we left, my friend's wristband snapped off, we tried to get management to issue a new one, and they refused.  They said it's good as long as we have the reciept to go along with it.  Well, the next night for dinner, the buffet at Rio, told us something completely different.
Cafe Lago is the worst buffet among all of Harrah's casinos.  Yes, even worse than Imperial Palace.  For around $13 (brucn) at IP, I didn't expect much but cafeteria food and it delivered (good omelet).  But for $25 at Lago Buffet, I would at least expect  SOMETHING a little, just a little, more.  But I got NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING!  

There were very few selections/varieties.  Italian station only offered 4 different pasta and looked like canned food.  The carving station offered Turkey and Prime Rib.  The Prime Rib was not prime at all.  My fiance asked for the end cut.  It was so tough that he couldn't cut it with a regular knife.  And guess what, the server said they didn't have any steak knife!  The only thing somewhat edible was the Roast Chicken.  

The salad station was pretty pathetic, no hard boiled eggs, beans, mushroom, or celery.  What the heck?  This is a buffet, the least you could do is offer a descent salad bar!  

There were 3 kind of sushi rolls, none I would even dare to touch.  And the Chinese station had 3 dishes - stir fry shrimp, beef, and fried rice.  There were also 2 different steam buns.  And the dessert station had nothing, absolutely nothing that even looked remotely appetizing!  Give me a break!

Caesars is supposed to be the better (if not best) hotel among Harrah's chain, but it has the worst restaurants (yes, I've tried a few).  Lago buffet just proved it again.  

If you must have buffet because you want to use your comp for food at Harrah's, take my advise and go to Rio's.  At least it's edible there.  Whoever is in charge of the restaurant at Caesars should be fired!  Whoever runs the Lago Buffet at Caesars should be kicked in the a$$.
I liked Lago but I didn't love it.  I think it had something to do with their selection which is no where neat the size of Le Village Buffet in Paris.  The food that I did have was very good.  I was there for breakfast and the omelet station was appreciated.  I would be willing to return if I were walking through Caesar's and hunger hit me -- especially during breakfast time.
Me and bf went to Cafe Lago on 4/25/2010 for sunday brunch.  We had a great time there because the atomsphere was cozy and nice, and the staff were really friendly, too.  

Food was okay, lack of variety is probably the weakness, but the quality of the juice, omelet, crab legs, prime ribs, and pancakes were pretty good, at least i kept wanting more and more.  Sushis do not look good just like many other buffets in vegas

we enjoyed and had a great time, if you are looking for a good place to chat and just relax and enjoy some food, this is for you!
I thought that Cafe Lago would've been amazing because it's in Caesar's Palace, but no. We all had maybe one plate and were done. The crab legs weren't cut in half so it took forever to crack each leg individually. I know, I'm lazy.. But hey, if the lower end buffets are offering it, you think they would as well!

Waste of money, waste of time. Will not go back.
Came here on a Saturday night, consider it's Caesars Palace, $27/person is a decent price level.

I agree with some of the posters here, Lago's food selection is very limited, however, like one said, their quality is good. Overall, this is a OK place to dine at, nothing too fancy, but not bad either..
Must say one of the worst buffet I had. The foods had limited favors, not much of a selection and please don't try their Pho! Dessert I must say was great.
Just went to Caesar's Palace buffet (Cafe Lago) and I have to tell you not to go. I broke a buffet fans basic rule, go in and look at the food that is being offered and the surroundings you will be eating in then go stand in line. If you must go please follow that rule and you will see why this place gets only 1 star. In a nutshell there is a very small selection of food that is being offered here, of which most is either bland or just over cooked. The desert bar is so small and offers things like chocolate chip cookies and mini cup cakes as its mainstay, my girlfriend compared Cafe Lago to the Hometown Buffet but I told her the Hometown Buffet at least has soft-serve ice cream and is almost 1/3 the price.
Went to Vegas over Memorial Weekend and Caesars Palace buffet was MY FIRST VEGAS BUFFET EVER! My friends and I did the buffet deal where you pay $34.99 (ended up being around $43.00 after everything) where you can go to any of the 7? specified buffets in Vegas however many times you want within a 24-hour period. We made it suffice for 3 meals!

The wait time in line didn't seem too terrible and moved at a steady rate. The service was good and the variety of food was also good.

Their creme brulee was SO GOOD.
Definitely check out the hotel's pool just outside of the buffet. It's awesome!
If I had the option to put zero stars... this would be it... I'm really disappointed about wasting my time going through traffic just to check out this place that doesn't deserve to be called a buffet.  They make Hometown Buffet look like its 5 stars!!!  Upon arriving, thank goodness I was able to bypass the long line with my Total Rewards Platinum Card... It was very unusual that they didn't have a special wait area that immediately had a host service you... It was such a joke because to consider this place is Caesar's Palace!  Harrahs should really do something about this because this could be a turning point when you won't see people come back and put a bad name to it!  I did purchase the 24 hour buffet and thought Planet Hollywood was ok... Paris was not great in service... I will specify in another post for that place... Now I understand why upon arriving outside the entrance a group of guys stormed out of there saying out loud and warning people that it was terrible not to waste your time and money.  I really felt sorry for those people who were standing in line for that!  Lets just say your kitchen is probably bigger than what they had goin on there... The food was bland... no variety... almost felt like I was selecting food from a hospital cafeteria...no joke and I'm not exaggerating either!  Take my advice and anyone that has complained... do not waste your time go directly to the RIO Carnival Buffet... 2nd if you have to Planet Hollywood is ok... unless you have platinum or diamond , seven stars membership be prepared to be in a long line... Or take someone that has access to walk thru VIP... Hmmm why didn't I go on yelp to check the reviews before wasting my time here...ummm never again!!!
This buffet was ok.  I wanted to eat at the Paris for the champagne brunch, but we got tired of walking around in the 112 heat so we stopped here.  Sunday Champagne Brunch is $24-$34, depending on champagne.  I was surprised at how tiny this buffet was.  I was also disappointed with the breakfast selection.  I wanted some pancakes or waffles, and even though they did have an egg station with some chef approved Eggs Benedict, it was lacking.  The quality of the food was good, just the selection was poor.  Probably won't come here again.
this is a pretty decent buffet...went for bfast & lunch...plenty of variety...banana chips, cereal, blueberries, raspberries, omelet station (long line), meat, seafood, breads, salmon etc.
Still one star.  Since i had the buffet pass, I wanted to see if things have improved since my last review and wondered if these 4-5 stars are actually true.

No, they are all lies.  I would say they were either too drunk to know what good food tasted like or they are affliated with Caesars in some way.

Too little selections.  Low quality.  Does not taste good.  Long waits in lines and service is spotty.  Danger Danger Wil Robinson.  Danger!

I am not anti-Harrahs.  I just love good tasty food.  Rio Carnival Buffet= tasty food, great selections.  Harrahs = great tasty food (bit smaller than Rio) & wonderful desserts.

Cafe Lago is should be renamed to Cafe Sucko.  Don't listen to these fools about this place being the "best buffet" they ever ate.  You go to a buffet for great selection of foods and this place doesn't have the great selection.

Again, do yourself a favor and walk through the place before paying.
I've been here twice. The first time I don't really remember the experience, but my friends said it wasn't that good, so I'll take their word for it. The second time I ate here was just YESTERDAY so I remember it perfectly. I came to Cafe Lago for lunch with my family yesterday.

But before I get into that, I'll just say that depending on where in Caesar's you're coming from, I felt that Cafe Lago was IMPOSSIBLE to find. I was annoyed that there were no signs directing you to the buffet. Also it was a Tuesday that my family and I were first trying to find this place. It took us almost an hour to find because they had no signs and we had to ask like 3 different people. The 3 different people pointed us into the direction of the restaurant and when we finally found the restaurant, there is a sign out by the entrance that said that the buffet is CLOSED for lunch on Tuesday and Wednesday. I was so annoyed because I was wondering why none of the people who directed us couldn't tell us that? It was just very frustrating.

ANYWAY, we come back to Cafe Lago on Thursday just to try it out. When we get there, the line is pretty long... it's weaving around and everything but we still get in line. We wait in line for about 20 or so minutes. I'm thinking the place is good because there was a long line. Well, we finally get to the front and are following the host to our seat. I'm looking around the room and wondering why there is such a long line to get in.. there were so many seats AVAILABLE. 

Once we are situated and everything, I get up to get food. I probably only ate one full plate and some desserts. Normally at a buffet, I eat about 2 full plates and half of a third (I'm pretty thin but I eat a lot). The reason why I didn't eat as much this time, because the selection of food they have there isn't that much... I was pretty disappointed and I definitely prefer Paradise Garden Buffet (in Flamingo), much better than this one.

I want to say that I was most impressed with the desserts here, even though the desserts look pretty much the same in all the buffets. These desserts had their own little area away from the rest of the food.

Anyway, I'm pretty sure I won't be back here for a long time.
After a bad market spice buffet, I was looking for redemption at the Caesars buffet that I simply did not get.  From what I remember many years ago, it was small but quality was high.  There were some items that were good at the buffet (chicken, pasta) but everything else was ok.  The soda pitcher sat there the entire time we were there and everytime I asked for a refill, it was from that same pitcher that sat at the waiters table.  Also, our waiter disappeared for 10 minutes at a time.  Just a major disappointment....
We saw the $34 for the World of World Buffets (basically you can go to any of Harrah's 5 buffets as many times as you want for $34), and decided to check out Cafe Lago first because we were already in Caesar's Palace, and everything else about this place is pretty spectacular.  

We arrived for a late lunch at 2pm, and there was still a crazy long line.  We ended up waiting for an hour and a half, for a buffet that probably wasn't worth the wait.  The food selection is really limited.  They had really dry prime rib, bland sushi rolls, unshelled shrimp, sad looking crab legs, and a bunch of other unmemorable items.

The dessert selection was also limited too (compared to Bellagio and Mandalay Bay), but I must admit, I loved their cannolis and the fresh cantaloupe and honeydew were juicy and delicious!  

If you do get a $34 buffet pass to all the Harrah Buffets, I recommend the Paris Buffet over this one!
So, this was the first stop (Saturday brunch) in the 24-hour glutton-fest known as Harrah's Buffet of Buffets.  Unfortunately, instead of starting off with a bang, it was more like a fizzle.

I hadn't been to Caesar's Palace since I was a kid, so the whole hotel area was pretty much a new experience to me.  After parking, we basically traversed the entire casino floor to reach the Lago buffet.  Expecting an extremely long line, I was pleasantly surprised to only find a pretty long line.  However, the line did move quickly and it probably only took 45 minutes to get through to the cashier.

After some seating confusion, my group of 10 was split up into two groups of 5.  Which was fine, since we avoided the 18% gratuity charge tacked on for groups of 8 or more.  What wasn't fine was the cashier openly complaining about how my friends paid individually (instead of the entire group on one bill).  

The food, was, well, okay.  Nothing too special, nothing extraordinary popped out in my mind.  It didn't stop me from stuffing my face with two plates and a plate of desserts, but overall it was meh.  I had an iced tea, but a couple of my friends said their sodas were flat.

The dessert station had two desserts that I particularly enjoyed.  The first was this coffee (mocha?) pudding with a chocolate coffee bean on top.  The second was a raspberry pudding cup with you guessed it, a raspberry on top.

All in all, if you're staying at the Caesar's already, then it's not a horrible choice to go to.  However, if you feel up to driving or walking, definitely try another on the list of Buffet of Buffets.
For a buffet, this place was good. They try to deliver international food by providing a sample of it. They have stuff like sushi, variety of European meat, southern food, Italian, Chinese and etc. You can purchase a one time meal or $40 dollars for a 24 hour period. Hubby and I did that since we figured we'd be at Caesar's Palace for at least 2 days. The 24 hour deal is better, BUT...make sure you go and eat 3 meals so that would make your money's worth, lol.
I thought this place was pretty horrible, even the amount of selections. Even the 2 hour wait sucked! We came around 2 pm, and even stayed passed until dinner. No new items on the dinner menu. It still lacked. There wasn't many good things. The prime rib was a little dry and overcooked under the lamp. (I'm not a big prime rib guy to begin with), the things that were pretty good was the short ribs, coq au vin, and the mac and cheese. The sushi selection was bad. Umm...I wasn't very impressed here.
went here for their lunch buffet

alright .... you wait 45  minutes in line to see the friggin place has over half empty tables???? WTF.... its not a club where u have to create a line to make the place look like its poppin.... 

then we are seated for a table of 4, when we have 5 ppl...

now to the food...

prime rib was stringy and i was not able to cut it with the given knife... stopped eating that after the first piece....

the best items there were probably the omelet/eggs and the fajita tacos... that is pretty pathetic....

orange juice tasted like they watered it down 50/50.... and champagne was pretty bad...
went to this buffet tonight and it was not good at all.  Options were very limited, and there were no premium items other than prime rib.  I will not return.
I've been to so many buffets in vegas; this one is by far the worst one i've been to! and it's about $2 on average more expensive than the others around Caesar Palace (like Flamingo, Paris, etc). 
We went there for breakfast; and the food selection wasn't all that exciting. 

But the thing that annoyed us the most was that for about 20 minutes after we sat and got our food, no one got our drinks order. I'm used to be seated and asked for a drink order right then, so when you come back to your table your drinks are already there. 
And this was breakfast - so the first thing you want is coffee! 
We waited and waited, then asked a few workers, neither of them came back with an answer or coffee. Finally found our waitress, who was busy cleaning other tables rather than attending to the seated people.
Me think not!
One of the worst buffets I've been to. They're famous for their desserts but Rio's has way more (tastier!) dessert selections. Thank goodness I had the 24hr buffet deal which allowed me to try out other Harrah's Casino buffets, otherwise, my money would've went down the drain. I had one plate of meal and that was it since it was such a small selection of food (not to mention most of it were empty!) terrible! Plus the wait in line took forever! :[

I should've yelped this buffet before going !
Probably the weakest buffet I've been to on the Strip. Small selection, but definitely has the necessities like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs. But really, nothing spectacular and the dessert section was not impressive. Pass!!
This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.

Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.

The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!

Lago at Caesar's-Big disappointment! Crowded and disorganized. The food was all sadly overcooked and underseasoned. The space was not inviting at all. Supposedly this was the stop for the best desserts...not so much. The dessert area had a small selection of individually sized plastic cups of mousse/pudding/goo of different colors. There were no actual signs describing the items so we had to guess what they were. Nothing was great, most wasn't even good. Sad. Even sadder, the champagne was warm and they were out of flutes so it was served in a wine glass...WTF?

Overall, my suggestion would be to skip this stop. While our server was pleasant, we only saw her twice during our stay. Dirty plates piled up on our table and were never cleared. I expected better...fail.
Came here as one of the stops for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour pass thing. It's nothing compared to the buffet at the Wynn but I don't think this buffet deserves so many one and two star reviews. Yes, the selection is limited but the food isn't crappy either. The interior is inviting. The line sucks unless you're a diamond/platinum member.
Food was better than la buffet at the Paris. This review is for breakfast
Pros
- Great omelet bar, with people making them on both sides so no lines
- Fantastic dessert
- All the breakfast fixings you would expect, including smoked salmon 
- Great desserts 

Cons
- Worst and most inefficient line I've ever seen. One person rang people up, literally taking 5 minutes per transaction. There were three people standing behind the cashier with folded arms, not doing anything. Over half the tables were empty. Same thing at the Paris buffet yesterday, I suspect they throttle the number of people coming in on purpose. Way to make people start a meal pissed off at the restaurant. 
- I find tipping at a buffet awkward. 
- The 24 hour package was included in our room, They make you wear a bright blue armband. Yeah, that will help my tan line. Lame.
My friends and I decided to try this buffet for dinner because it was part of the 24 hr buffet pass. At first sight, Cafe Lago didn't seem that promising-- the selection is very small compared the other buffets. As we passed the dessert section on our way to the table however, my judgement began to change. 

Our waiter was nice and took our drink orders right away. Then we headed straight for the food. I piled on a lot of carbs including bread sticks, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, and pasta. I needed it in my system for later, if you know what I mean. I don't know if it was because I had alcohol in me already but the food was pretty good. I really really enjoyed the bread and mac n cheese. Although I wasn't even hungry to begin with, I ate everything that was on my plate. 

And even though I just gobbled down a plate of carbs, I headed for the dessert. Everything looked good but I only had room to try the chocolate-covered strawberries and cheesecake. The strawberries were really good and I ended up eating like six of them. When I took the first bite out of the cheesecake though, I was just in awe of the taste. It was so damn good. It was almost like heaven in a little foil cup. The highlight of the meal for sure. 

If you have the 24 hour buffet pass, stop by Caesar's and at least try the dessert. It doesn't disappoint.
We came here because we got the buffet of buffets pass, and it turned out to be a really good deal! Because you can eat at any of the 8 participating buffets, for $39.99, for total rewards members, which we are! And it's $45.99 for non-members! Which is still a great deal! 

I have to say, this place has the best salmon ever! We came here, and I was hungry, and it was around lunch time! And of course I love to eat healthy (HA!), so I picked up a piece of salmon, and it was like biting into a piece of heaven! It was so buttery and wonderful!

This buffet is smaller than other buffets, and it is kind of hard to find, because it's tucked into the corner of Caesar's palace. But other than that, this place is pretty cool! You get a view of the pool, with the statues, and it looks amazing! 

The dessert bar was very good too! Sure they don't have ice cream, but they have a section of low fat desserts, which by the way, is good for people, who are trying to watch their weight! Like me! :)
The worst part was the flat cokes and bitter iced tea.  Everything else made up for it.  Excellent, excellent prime rib so tender you can cut it with a fork.  Limited variety of food but excellent ambiance, especially by the fountain.  You don't feel like you're in a cafeteria like with most buffets.  Nice booths with big tables to accommodate all the plates that tend to accumulate at a buffet.  Not much kid food (no pizza) but my picky eater had a roasted chicken leg, corn on the cob and minestrone soup.  I actually prefer the smaller buffet because then I don't stuff myself trying a little but if everything.  Service was good.
I'm not a buffet person and I typically would dismiss it as a day of gluttony.  Anywho, we ended up waiting to get in Caf Lago because we were trying to meet up with friends who were in there.  It wasn't too long of a line so we waited, but before we knew it an hour flew by and our friends inside decided to leave.  We already invested an hour in so we felt we had to suck it up and wait some more.  HUGE MISTAKE!  

I haven't been hiding under a hole all this time so I do realize that workers in general are frigging slow.  And not only are people working at a slower pace, but these specific workers at Lago were unorganized and had one person helping out a long ass line. They finally recruited another person, but it didn't do much for the line.  We finally get to the front and the lady was surprised we waited a whopping 2hrs.  I had been munching on mints to kill off the hunger pangs.  And as we are seated we were greeted by a waitress who looked down on her luck.  I envisioned a dark cloud of rain following her every movement.  Perhaps Vegas had sucked the essence out of her, but I did not care to have her giving me these awful vibes. 

Aside from the waitress, you would think that with all that waiting it must be good.  NO. The buffet was puny and the food was nothing spectacular.  It fell short on my buffet standards, which wasn't much of a standard to begin with.  I have been coddled by the SF bay area buffets and seeing something so miniscule disappointed me in a way I did not realize could happen.   The only thing worth mentioning was the prime rib, but everything else felt like a joke.  The place is known for the desserts, which was lovely to look at, but I didn't spare it a second thought.  I'm not a dessert person so I didn't even bother.  My friends collected all sorts of sugary items and they only liked a specific cookie.  

I would not come back again unless something drastically changed.  It was quite disheartening.
What a disappointment. Caesar's is the flagship casino for the Harrah's group so one would expect the buffet to be held to the same standard.  If you are looking for selection skip this buffet. The food is not bad, in fact, it's pretty good but it offers only a fraction of the items found at other buffets. Don't waste your time.
One of the worst buffets in Las Vegas, period.  Very poor selection of food and of those available, marginal quality.  Stay away and go to Wynn - more expensive but definately worth it.  Even our waitress said not to drink the cheap campagne - it's low quality and will give you a bad headache.
Have been to many LV buffets and this ranks as the lowest of all.
Selection isn't as great as other major buffets but the quality of the food makes up for it.  That and it's price point ($20 for lunch) is fantastic.  Great value in my opinion.
One star removed from the last review. Still slow and disorganized. Food is still over cooked and under seasoned. Honestly I don't know why we went back when we were so disappointed the first time we tried this buffet.

Will never be returning to Lago...and I mean it this time.
Stop 5 on our buffet of buffets journey. This buffet was just okay. The crab legs were bigger than the Flamingo's and the Mac and cheese was good. The cookies on the dessert area looked dry. So-so overall selection.
"I've experienced better" would be the understatement of the year. 

Our waitress talked to the people at a table directly behind ours for 10 minutes before coming over to ask us our drink order. Brought us our drinks and she didn't come by again for 20-25 minutes. Then we got up to get our own drink refills and she finally noticed us...

Meat was way overcooked and the guy cutting the meat wanted nothing to do with me...or anybody else there for that matter.

Weekends you get the free champagne hookup. That's a plus.

Generally the food selection is not that great especially considering how much you're paying for it...

I've been more impressed with Golden Corral.
Veni, vidi, vici. I came, I saw, I conquered. If Caesar envisioned a buffet in Las Vegas, this would be it. Quietly nestled next to the Garden of the Gods pool area. If you park in self parking, get ready to walk a ways to get to the buffet.

My first visit to this buffet was also the first time I heard that Caesar's Palace even had a buffet. I have been to Caesar's many times over the years. This buffet is definitely worth the price. When I went, a deal was going on that allows people to buy a 24 hour wristband pass. This pass allows people to go to any of the Caesar's Entertainment Corp properties buffet's in 24 hours. The idea was to visit this one for a late lunch after going to a dinner buffet at a different location the day before.

As you'd expect, the line was very long to get it and even if you have a wristband, you have to wait. Be ready to spend about an hour plus to get in. The seats encircle the entire buffet, so anywhere you are located, even at the edges, it's easy to get to the buffet area. The service was good and the lady offered many types of drinks, which some buffet staff do not do. I was with my party, at the buffet, for a fair amount of time and my waitress went home after shift change. The new waitress was just as nice.

There are a lot of options to choose from including a large meat station that serves excellent prime rib and good sushi. I went during the Thanksgiving weekend and an entire area with a lot more food was setup to include roasted slices of turkey, stuffing plus lots of other trimmings. I'd expect this area to be full of other kinds of food during normal days at the buffet. Thanks to Caesar's Entertainment Corp for supplying me with a buffet wristband to test a few out.

The prime rib is juicy, some of the best I've had. If you like Caesar's Palace and descent buffet food, you should try this one.
oh lordy, where do I begin. After a night of drinking at Rain Club in Palms, all i wanted was some good hot soup. We decided to try Cafe Lago, maybe something light and soupy.  As I make my way to the food court, I went to the soup section and there was only one, and it was so gross. The soup were dark color with corn, beans, and whatever the heck they can throw in there. I skipped the soup, I then started at the end of the line to see what I can scoop onto my plate... I got a piece of roast duck, ravioli, penne pasta, a roll,and steam vegetables and realized I was at the end. Then I did a double take and walk thru it one more time and concentrate what my sensitive stomach want. I added one more item which was a slice of turkey. Got back to the table and told my husband what a waste of time, should of just stay in and order room service. Guess what... my kind husband brought me something he would never eat; a bowl of soup and say, "that's all they have". gross no thank you, I was so disappointed and couldn't wait to give it 0.
If I could give no stars, I would.

You would think that Caesars Palace would have a grand buffet, but think again. The wait is extremely long. I think my family and I waited around 2 hours to get in. The selection is very minimal. I mean literally, when I reached the very end of the buffet... I said, "That's it?" Everything is dry and salty. You got your typical fried egg rolls, prime rib, "fresh" salad, and two choices of pasta. The only thing that I could say was decent was the shrimp. There's a dessert bar shaped like a circle... and everywhere around the circle is the same damn dessert. Oh and the pumpkin pie, looks like it's bought from Smiths or something.

Just horrible. Will NEVER come back again.
Good place for breakfast,

Be aware of the line that took me about 30 mins.  I got the $39.99 buffet card and went for late breakfast and end up at the table by lunch time. It had good desserts but not a variety of dishes to offer like other buffets in Vegas.  Small but good. 

Enjoy
If you love buffets avoid this one at all cost. For dinner the only edible food was prime rib. Dessert was terrible even the ice cream. Do not waste your time here: selection small and not quality food.  Service was great.
I'm really confused about the low ratings for this place. My gf and I had a really great experience at the brunch buffet on New Years day. It's probably not the most ginormous buffet there is, but do you really need to get "lost" in your buffet?

Value: Really good. For our $34.50/person we had blackberries, rasperries, star fruit, blueberries, mangoes, really well prepared salmon, a really good carving station, a make your own Pho bar with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, king crab legs, ok sushi rolls, a really good omelet, good cheescake, good tiramisu.....and of course unlimited mimosas.  

Environment: Nice, fun water features and great service. 

Would i go again: Yes, but I'll check out the other Vegas buffets first. 

Notes:  Go at the tail end of the brunch buffet so you can hit the beginning of the lunch buffet. I highly recommend this as you get to have both selections.
If you purchase a Buffet of Buffets pass, don't waste your time waiting in line for the buffet at Cafe Lago. This was the most underwhelming buffet of the three that I went to (Le Village in Paris and Carnival World Buffet in Rio). I expected a lot more since it is located inside Caesars. 

So, the wait was about 45 minutes, which was bearable. When we were finally seated, we were put in those circular booth tables by the front. Very inconvenient to get in and out, but hey, I'm not gonna give up my seat after waiting for so long. But really, there was a lot of seat changing and scooting in and out of the booth. 

Sadly, the food was unspectacular. So unspectacular that I don't even remember what I had. I do remember snow crab legs  (my friend claims they use Challenge butter here; she says it's delicious). What I do remember is that the lobster bisque should be avoided. It didn't taste anything like lobster. I expected there to be more options food-wise, but not much was offered. 

The dessert section looks big, but it's the same desserts over and over again. I also saw some flies buzzing around, so approach with caution. Nothing really memorable here. 

Our waiter (I'll just call him M) was really nice and attentive. M. checked on us often and always walk away saying "Continue enjoying!" Nice guy! What was strange was that he kept telling us to drink our waters and made it a point that we should finish it all. I don't know why he was so concerned. Maybe he knew that we were going to have a wild night and didn't want us to get dehydrated.
Even if you had the "Buffet of Buffets" pass, I'd recommend checking out other places before here. For the regular price, I do not recommend coming here. I'd rather eat one nicer dish at a restaurant. 

All I ate here were some fruits and the rosemary chicken. Yes it was good but for $35? Hell no. And yes, you are in Las Vegas so there is a higher standard for buffets.  So, if you've ate there and didn't think it was bad, you are correct. It is not bad at all. But, as a Las Vegas buffet, it sucked. Very disappointing, since I love the Caesars Palace. You'd think their buffet would be as grand as their hotel.
Since we went here on a weekday, it was only a short line and a short wait! Since my boyfriend loved this buffet when he dined here with his family for breakfast, he had to show me this place. We were seated after waiting about 5 minutes and our server immediately served us our drinks while we took off to grab our breakfast. The omelette was DELICIOUS! It was freshly made and you can customize it however you like. Try the Denver Omelette which has bell peppers, onions, ham.. a little of everything if I can remember exactly. The french toast was delicious pairing that with the Smuckers sugar-free syrup, but the pancake was just okay since it seem like it was left there for awhile. On the side, there were pots of warm breakfast items like Egg Benedict, Sausages, Egg Sandwiches, and a few more. There's also prime rib for those who prefers protein as their kind of breakfast. At the center, there were a variety of pastries and cereal, something simple for kids. Over all, the most memorable item that I enjoyed most was the Denver Omelette. I wonder why the reviews are so low? If you're impatient, don't bother to head out to buffets during weekends and at dinner times, unless you are a VIP with those 5 stars or Diamond Member.
As far as buffets go, I think this one was very limiting. The good thing was that there really wasn't a wait to get in here, although it was for a Friday lunch. I am not sure if it was because it was lunch, but the food selection were really small. Every section seemed really small. The salad bar was miniscule with only an option of cheese and olives for your salad and dressing. They had an Italian section with one type of pasta. Really, just one type of pasta. A little variety would have gone a long way. 

They did have the crab legs and shrimp but the shrimp were not skinned. I don't have a problem removing the skin, but when other buffets do this for you, you would think they would try to follow. The best thing I ate here was their mac and cheese. That is pretty bad that the mac and cheese was the best thing I ate. 

Probably won't come back here again. There are so many better buffets to be had.
Caesars Palace as a Strip entity fundamentally has 2 severe flaws for being considered one of the elite casino properties in the world

a. its Sportsbook is so outdated, and in need of refurbishing and modernization.  Caesars Palace should have the premiere Sportsbook in town and clearly does not

b. Caesars is by far the Harrah Group's premiere Casino Resort in town, yet their buffet is the weakest of the bunch.  Thats bad strategy..

Yes, Vegas has become home of the celebrity chef and premiere entertainment, but people still come to Vegas to eat in luxurious buffets

Cafe Lago is quite simply limited in what it can offer to to its display area size which is a fraction of what you will find at newer properties

The quality of what they do offer is mediocre to ok at best.

Harrahs has spent a lot of money(over 2 billion) on the property since buying Caesars years back, yet has left Cafe Lago untouched. 

I think it a bad move and hurts their brand.

Breakfast here is $16 and isnt worth $10
Jez.  I expected better from Caesar's Palace.
So, we had purchased the Harrah's 24 Hour Buffet Pass (good call).  We had gone to Planet Hollywood and some others, but decided on our big night (Saturday), we would hit Caesar's before going out to the clubs.  Because, hey, it's Caesar's.  What a disappointment.  Compared to the other places that have miles and miles of food, this place was very limited.  The wait staff seems less than pleased to be there.  What a huge disappointment.  Especially since the ladies we were with wore heals, and we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  So that was a walk.  

I'd highly suggest you steer away from Cafe Lago at Caesar's Palace.  You will be glad you did.
I had a pretty good lunch experience here, but I do think the choices are limited compared to other places.  It's good for a change of pace though.
Though this buffet may not be the largest, all of the food it offers is good quality.

I've come twice, and both times I was very pleased. Instead of trying to ram all kinds of low quality food down your throat, they really try to serve the best. 

Seafood, a small section for Chinese food, meat station...Their omelet station in the mornings is amazing. Oh, and if you're looking for an ice cream/frozen yogurt section, they only offer cakes and pastries of all sorts. 

Try it out! Especially if you have the Buffet of Buffets pass because don't we already know you'll be stuffing your face at plenty of other places. Will it hurt to try one that doesn't boast itself on its overwhelming selections?
A majority of the food I tried was pretty good. I really liked the prime rib and mac n' cheese. The desserts were a highlight (the mini key lime pies were awesome). I also loved the roasted potatoes and would give the salmon four stars out of five.

My main complaint is with the size and variety of the buffet. We paid $26.95 a person for dinner and were expecting some grand spread. Instead we got a buffet that you can walk from one end to the other in less than 15 seconds. My heart sank when we first walked in and saw how small it was. I was so mad at myself for agreeing to go to this place without looking up reviews first. Fortunately, what little they did have was good enough to feel as though my money wasn't completely wasted.

I can't say for sure I would recommend this place considering what they charge and the limited selection. My dinner companions had mixed reviews about this place. I guess if you want to avoid the icky crowd you sometimes get at Circus Circus but don't want to pay Bellagio's prices, then this may be worth a try.
Quality food- I enjoyed the Champagne Brunch as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. The made-to-order vegetarian omelet was delicious. Pancakes were great. Mimosa was super fantastically refreshing and clear. The chocolate tartlette was also unforgettable. Was impressed by the ocean/island-themed ambience. Yay!
Third stop on our Buffet of Buffets for lunch.   The main dishes were horrible.  It tasted almost stale, as if they were left overs from the dinner the night before.  The only saving grace was the dessert station, the cheesecake was my favoriate.
Caesar Palace should opt to not offer a buffet. To be honest, skip Lago Buffet if you can. 

But if you want to eat buffet style, don't want to wait in line and want minimal food options, I recommend Lago Buffet. 

The breakfast section is cornered off with just eggs, canadian bacon, hash brown potatoes and sausage. 
The lunch selection failed. Even the pizza crust was hard. The only food I really enjoyed was the salad that I prepared myself.. 
And don't be fooled. The desserts look promising, but its absolutely not. The cookies were hard. The pastries were dry. And what?!- no ice cream. 

But on a positive note, the zucchini bread is really good.
For the price of $29.99 per person we spent at this place, even though they served champagne for brunch...was not worth the total.  The food was poorly made and prepared for a buffet style atmosphere.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp where very salty and barely chilled with the amount of iced used to keep the seafood cold, on top of that there were no small cups for the cocktail sauce available, they gave me a soup bowl. The cook making omelettes was very rushed in cooking where the eggs were not cooked all the way and the bacon was too salty.  

At the table, there were hardly any servers around to ask for drinks and anything else we could possibly need.  So I ended up serving myself the drinks for our party since no one was available.

I only gave a few dollars tip for seating us and bringing out champagne in the beginning......and they still had the nerve to give me a mean mug look when we left with not even a "thanks come again" type of remark....I will be taking my brunch somewhere else next time I visit Vegas
absolutely loved this lunch buffet. the selection was refreshing and light. more salads, fruits, and the desserts were the epitome of bliss. 

A lot of people don't enjoy this buffet because there's not as much meat and such as you would find elsewhere, but I find it a refreshing change of pace.

The dark chocolate mousse is creamy and decadent. They have an award winning pastry chef, and it really shows :)
Love the yogurts and salad cups. Very tasty.
Wish I could have had dinner here too :)
I have only eaten at two Vegas Buffets, this one and the Wynn buffet and let me say you cannot compare the two at all!  The Wynn buffet was great and well worth the price tag. Lago was not worth even a quarter of the cost.  I have had better food in a hospital cafeteria!

The Lago Buffet was a huge rip off. The service was horrible and the food was worse then the service!!!! 

We had a table of six and no one had a good thing to say about the food, service or experience. 

Save yourself the let down and dine elsewhere.
After checking out some M&Ms and the World of Coca-Cola, we decided to get our eat on... Thank you Buffet of Buffets.

There was a line... it was about 5:30pm... I was excited about the second buffet. Since some of my friends had to take off to watch Phantom at 7:00 (I was seeing the Jabbawockeez at 9:30), I waited behind while the server brought us our cokes and waters.

We get seated near the desserts... I wanted to eat them all first! I did things the right way this time... I checked out all the food before deciding what to load up on. I went to the pasta station and got the cheese raviolis. These were super good, but me and dairy ain't friends, so I took it easy on them. They were swimming in a cream sauce. Wowie. I got a big piece of meat from the carving station... I didn't see any horseradish, but it was still good with gravy. I got a beet salad that came in its own cute little glass. I got a tomato and mini-bocconcini salad in its own cute little glass. It came on a bed of lettuce and there was way too much dressing. I liked that it had dressing on it already and that I didn't have to fumble for it.  That was it for the entree portion of my meal. I had my eyes set one dessert.

For dessert, I had a beautiful creme brulee. It was really soft in its tiny ramekin so my favourite part about creme brulee was a let down: I love cracking the top really hard with my spoon so the brulee shatters and I get a bit with every bite of custard. This was kind of fluid, but the taste of it was sooooooooooooooo yummy... just a bit firmer and it would have been perfect.

The mini lemon meringue was good. The fluffy meringue paired really well with the tart lemony filling. It was a one bite thing... I am sure most people would take two, but it was just so easy to pop the whole thing in my mouth and let all the flavours meld together.

I had a dark chocolate mousse in a cup. That was nice. It's kind of like a truffle, but in a cup and lighter... It was decorated nicely with a marbled piece of white chocolate.

I also had a chocolate tarte decorated with gold. Yes, that's right... GOLD! The crust tasted like shortbread. It was good, but I didn't finish it. I instead opted to finish the cheesecake of one of my friends who had to run... she told me it was wonderful. It was... I love plain cheesecake... and I got another creme brulee.

The server was nice... our drinks were brought fast. I think he was really busy because he seemed o be the only one in our area... the busboys were good too... they really hustled to take care of all our plates...
First buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  I was only here for breakfast so I can't really judge the offerings later in the day.  However, the buffet seems small and I don't see it offering too much in terms of variety.

The nice thing about this buffet is that they do offer champagne and bloody marys in the breakfast price.  Most buffets make you wait for the brunch hour around 10:30am.  A couple of mimosas started our Buffet of Buffets tour off right!

They offer sticky buns and roasted chicken for breakfast.  So they try to keep it interesting.  The grits were pretty good but the scrambled eggs were runny. Nothing really looked fantastic and I was starving!  I'm not sure if it was the lighting or something, but nothing looked good. 

Nice view of the pool.  This was one of only two buffets in the Buffet of Buffets that had an outside view.  

Decent buffet but it has size limitations.
We had $50 dining credit at Caesars and decided to go to lago buffet since other resturants we tried at Caesars before were not good and pricy. I was kinds of worried because of the bad review. It turns out not bad at all after comparing to the other two buffets at Flavor buffet (Harrah's) and spicy market buffet (Planet Hollywood) we had in this trip. We decide to eat as we are at a regular resturant to make our buffet taste better. So, we pay $8 ($29 pp minus $50 dining credit) for both of us to have nice beef noddle soup (pho), prime rib (with Vege), and desserts. I think that is a great deal. BTW, if you stay at Caesars, looking for their package deal for reservation to get a better deal. Service were all right as well.

Here are some comments on lago:

1). yes, there was a line before and after we eat (8:30 ~ 9:30 PM).
2). the food selection is good enough (include seafood, Chinese, American, etc.. not as much as spice market buffet or flavor).
3). Prime rib was pretty good
4). Pho (beef noodle soup) at Chinese station is very good
5). Desserts is very good
Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #1 of 7 9:00 AM

The first stop in the BoB tour, I was very excited and had a game plan of trying to pace myself.....that plan flew out the window within 5 minutes...ha!

The line wasn't long at all and our party of 6 was seated right away in a comfortable table near the buffet.  Since it was breakfast, I went for some Potatoes, Sticky Bun, and a Veggie Omelet on the 1st round.....the Omelet was huge and was the item that put me off pace.  It was all very good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=1_0JKkNJl0voH_6aTkzFIA

Then, someone in the group mentioned that there was Pizza....what?!  At breakfast?!  I had to try it.....so I grabbed two slices of Pizza....that really blew my plan out of the water!  The Pizza was OK....I should have only had 1 slice, but I couldn't help it.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=BFsZj4u00m9buYo5LvZERw

They were serving Champagne and Mimosas, so that was a nice bonus....yum!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=aSlc68DA1JhT9mYuyeQpQg

Overall, the service was very good, the selection and quality of food was above average.  If I wasn't on my no-Meat fast I would have tried the carving station and had a few more items....next time.

Return Factor - 90%
Worst Vegas buffet I've ever eaten at for lunch. There's hardly any desserts or side dishes. Half of the thier food was dry (chicken, fish, turkey, etc.) Definitely not coming back.
$27 was a little steep for dinner, but since I wasn't paying... I've never eaten a dinner buffet before but I feel like the options were slightly limited, however exceptionally good quality!
My personal favorites: macaroni and cheese and this veggie saute that I cannot remember what was in it other than artichoke hearts. So good! I thought the prime rib was the best I've ever had, out of the bellagio buffet or the mirage buffet (both of which are great for brunch!)

One other touch that I thought was great was their fresh, whole fruit stand. Kumquats, kiwi, baby pineapple, blood oranges, and baby bananas. I ate several kumquats and would have taken a pineapple except that they had some already cut up (that was perfectly ripe and sweet, by the way) so why bother?

Next time we go up for memorial day weekend, we will be doing the buffet of buffets. If you time it right, you can get 4 meals out of it!
Food- 4 Stars 
Selection- 2 Stars 

We really enjoyed everything that we at at Lago. The Prime Rib was fantastic! But in a town that spoils us with it's overindulgent buffets, having a lackluster selection is going to glaringly stand out.
We stayed at Caesars Palace and decided to make our first buffet stop downstairs at Lago.  It was around 7:30pm and the cashiers were having some sort of problem because it was taking them literally 4 mins to process one guest....and we were a party of 13.....all paying separately.  I would say the only thing I enjoyed was the prime rib.  The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.  The cafe by work has more of a selection than here.  I do give them credit for the variety of dessert, but after being disappointed for dinner, I didn't crave any dessert.

The only positive is that we bought the buffet of buffets deal so the other buffets made up for it.

Caesars!  Step it up.
Ate at the Lago for dinner as part of the Buffet of Buffets promotion.  Since it's Caesars Place I admit that I had fairly high expectations for the food ... it was OK, but kind of a let down honestly.  There wasn't a very large variety of things to choose from - I went up to the buffet line twice and had sampled about 95% of the food available.  For dessert there was mostly just brownie type squares to choose from.  No ice cream, cookies, pie, etc.

As part of the Buffet of Buffets special I'd go back, but I'd hit buffets at Paris or the Flamingo first before I came here.
This one is another NO.  A BIG NO.

Came here for lunch during our period of Buffet of Buffets.  There were a couple of good items: braised short ribs & roasted chicken.  I had the crab legs (not Alaskan King Crabs), which tasted a bit old & just defrosted and the shrimp cocktails, which were completely tasteless.  Yes, I know you have to dip them in that cocktail sauce, but the cocktail sauce was way too strong for my tastes.

The dessert section was limited as well.  No ice cream?  Come on, man.  This is Vegas!

Here also the service really stunk.  Our waiter was gone for long periods of time but when he came around, he only serviced the tables next to us (HUH?).  Then when he refilled our waters, he refilled it with 7-up.  Blech.
It's not as expensive as the other buffets. The food didn't taste horrible, so that's why I gave this place 3 stars.

They have almost the same lunch and dinner menu. The only difference is that during dinner time they had dim sum food. There was no soup at all when I was there. That made me extremely sad. 

The dessert was pleasant. No icecream, which also made me really sad. 

I guess in short, this buffet was contradictory to the buffets. I've never been to a buffet where they had no soup or icecream...

There was everything else though...meat, crab legs...shrimp...
Came here because of the buffet PASS. I should've PASSed on this one!

This was almost as bad as the Imperial Palace buffet!!! Bad customer service, it took 20 mins for the person to verify our room and pass. It took the host 10 minutes to seat us. (mind you, we were the only one in line at this time). The selections were ridiculously few. The crab legs were on ice. Dessert bar was nothing to brag about. My bf left his hat in our booth so he had to go back in to get it and the waiter we had was quite grumpy about it!

I'm giving two stars for two reasons. 1. mash potatoes (it was so creamy and the best mash potatoes I've ever had the pleasure of eating). 2.Raspberry ice tea, just because it was the 2nd best thing there.

Lago Buffet @ Ceasers, you are NOT the business! I expected more of Ceasers.
A little pricey but worth the price of admission, even after two nights in Vegas.  The asian section was very good, their pork buns were good and the gyoza were amazing.  As per usual for buffets, the place to load up is the dessert section.  The macaroons were great and the selection and quality of mini cakes and pies were great.  The fruit selection was good, even though the quality was a little lacking.  The pizzas and pasta were worth checking out, and the drink service was good.
I don't know how others would again, rate this buffet so low!!!  I went on a weekend, so I understood how pricing could be on the higher side.  However, this buffet was sooooooooooo much better than the stinky Rio Buffet from last year's Thanksgiving Vegas trip which I took with a different friend.  Caesar's Palace's Cafe Lago offered a wide variety of selections as well and true they may not be offering certain types of food selections, but I feel that customers need to think about the main THEME of this particular hotel and casino for crying out loud!!!!  Caesar's Palace----ALL Italian, and plus, since this is an ALL-Italian buffet, they still offered a section on Chinese cuisine which I think was an excellent idea.  What they offered their from the Chinese cuisine was soooooooooo much more edible than what I experienced sooooo horribly from Rio's damn buffet!!!!  In comparison to Rio's damn buffet, Caesar's Palace's buffet is 10X better plus they have a huge selection of a dessert bar.  I wish I coulda eaten more that day I went on Saturday, March/26/2011, but------I didn't wanna upset my stomach from over-eating....from the plates I had, it was worthwhile to experience this buffet.
WORST DINNER EVER!

I could write a thousand words on this but i will keep it short. 
*Gave them two hours advance notice we had a party of 20, still waited 25 min. to be seated and the place was empty! I guess they just waited until we got there to push tables together. Worst part was that by the time we were seated we only had 30 min before they closed.
*Charged 18% gratuity at a buffet??? for what...tap water??
*dinner and tip was $35 and the food was bland and not fresh.
*They would not let us through there "gate" to tell the rest of the party we were there without paying and they would not let us pay till the tables were ready.
*Wait staff hounded us 3-4 times for our proof of paying slip and I reminded the staff that we cant even get in the door without paying and that's when they ACCUSED US OF STEALING! They later explained why they falsely accused us in front of other customers of trying to steal there food but no apology.  
This was a surprise birthday party for a dear old friend. We are all professional looking well dressed adults. Well behaved and we were treated like criminals or bums. I wish I could rate no stars. I left feeling sad that my dear friend had to spend his birthday at this place and be treated this way. I regret not demanding for all of our money back.
I ve written beforer just how weak a buffet lago is, especially given the fact it is in Caesars, one of the premiere Casino properties in the World.  But Iate dinner here thurs, May 12, and i would say this buffet is an embarrasement.  I swear to you that if they were the same price, you would finds better flavor and variety at Old Country Buffet.

Buffets in general stink.  You overeat.  But if thats how you want to roll, go to Bellagio or Wynn and pay $30 that is a lot more justified.  Variety here is weak.  Salad station non exsistent.  Dessert so underwhelming.  This place needs more space and a serious makeover is due.  Bring in a chef, not a food and beverage director to make this place respectable
DON'T COME HERE

I didn't know they had buffets this bad. This was included on the 24hr buffet deal Vegas offers.  It looks promising from the outside, we went for dinner.  As soon as I walked down the line of food my smile went to a frown.  Nothing looked appealing and it was a small selection for food.

They have random plastic cups with even more random things in them, I don't know if you are supposed to combine all of these little cups to make one salad or what, but it was lame.  The crab legs were super salty!  Soups were horrible and everything else looked so bad I couldn't even put it on my plate.  I thought okay this is a bust, but I'll go for dessert, it's hard to mess that up, right? WRONG.  They didn't even have ice cream, and desserts looked crumby.  What buffet in Vegas doesn't have ice cream!?!?!?  Oh wait, that's right THIS ONE.

To top it off we left to see if there was something we missed that was edible and when we came back to our table there was a swarm, and I'm not exaggerating, of gnats hovering over our plates. EWW, we told the waiter who happen to ask us how everything was and he stares at our plates and says, "what do you want me to do about it?"  

They should just close this down because whoever is running this shouldn't be in the food business.
I wish this place was not very memorable...it left a lasting impression of disgustingly BAD.  The buffet is tiny and the selection sucks.  Crab legs were tiny, still frozen in the center with some, and very limited; they constantly run out.  Meat selection was very poor and limited, tasteless, bland, and just yucky.  

The only good part is we were on the BOB 24hr buffet deal...otherwise we would not have tried it....but after this experience, I would not return unless they paid me!  One of the worst part is the stupid little cups of salads and yogurt...it's like they are trying to be as cheap as possible, not to mention the folks behind the buffet...just rude and extremely unfriendly.

Seriously...with the competition level of Buffets in LV...even though most buffet is a loss center to bring in gamblers...this buffet won't keep the players in the casino.
We've been going to Vegas buffets for 40 years - finally decided to try Caesar's. I figured that a 1st class resort would have a great buffet. WRONG!!!! Besides being the smallest buffet we've ever been to it was boring and uninteresting. Loaded with different pastas. Except for the cold shrimp, there were no shrimp dishes of any kind. Trays were left almost empty. I emailed the manager expecting at least an appology, but not even the courtest of a reply. This was the 1st time we ever left a buffet hungry. I hate to say this, but you would do better at any other buffet, and that includes Terribles! Actually, Hometown Buffet is better! Sorry, Caesars, you need to do a a LOT better.
My husband and I visited this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" tour in Vegas. This was the most terrible buffet I have ever been to in my entire life. 

Selections were limited and the food was not very fresh. I couldn't identify the contents of one of the fruit cups being served and asked the server what it was. She didn't know either! Neither did the other server she asked!

I would have been sooo angry if i had paid for this buffet out of pocket and walked into what I did. Even if we were to return to Vegas and do the BOB tour, I would skip this dump.

Honestly I was a little surprised how bad Lago buffet really was given that it is part of Cesar's resort. I've always envisioned Cesars as being a world class place. Boy did Lago chance my mind about that! The management really needs to clue in and fix this problem-child. It left a very bad taste in my mouth. 

AVOID this buffet! You will have better luck at Harrah's or the Rio!
I knew this place had bad reviews on Yelp before coming here, but I was looking for a light breakfast with the Buffet of Buffets pass before going to the pool, so I gave it a shot. Good choice!

The breakfast I had was great. They had multiple different sausages and other meats to choose from. Scrambled eggs were excellent and they had a lot of pastries and fruit to try, although no desserts.

Yes, the selection was very small here, but if you're looking for a light breakfast, especially with the BoB pass, don't be afraid to give Lago a chance.

Would I try lunch or dinner here, maybe?
Pretty lame excuse for a buffet to be honest with you! Caesars has a pretty good reputation on the Strip so maybe I was expecting too much but I didn't think it'd be this bad! Lunch and Dinner selections were very limited and nothing really stood out about the food at all. 

It's not HORRIBLE though! I enjoyed breakfast here. The sausage and biscuits were really good and they had made to order eggs benedict. I also liked the sausage table with the different varities. It is a part of the buffet of buffet's pass and we ate here a ton of times since we stayed in the Augustus Tower and the buffet is literally 3 min away from our room. Service was also pleasant everytime so that's always nice.

Really 2.5 stars, but I'm being generous with 3 stars..I'm glad breakfast was good here because it's nice to wake up and be able to use my pass right downstairs. But lunch and dinner, not so worthwhile..waste your calories at better buffets!
We had a free buffet ticket here but had heard bad things about it, so we decided to go for breakfast, because we figured it has to be hard to screw up breakfast.  This was like a Super 8 motel continental breakfast. Awful. Sucks!!  You would think for a place as nice at Caesar's Palace would have a better buffet!  They had breakfast stuff but then also dinner type stuff that we could only assume was leftovers from the prior night's dinner.  Will not be going back here again.
Horr-i-ble. Don't waste your time thank me later. Hit up Rio or Paris or flamingo. The best thing at this buffet was the corn on the cob. I created a yelp account just now so I can warn people like you my friend!!
We do not understand why Lago has such negative reviews - it is our favorite buffet, and we have done several.  Sure, it does not have as much variety as other casinos such as Planet Hollywood or Paris... the quality, however, is much better.  The meats are cooked better than most buffets, and the fresh fruit is usually much better.  We love their sugar-free desert options. Every time we go to Vegas, we look forward to eating at Lago.
They have limited selections :( Better go to Rio or Planet Hollywood
Mac n' Cheese, Potatoes, Pork chops (super dry) and breads was hard.

Service was awful, I mean how many times do we have to flag you down to get our drinks refilled? When they do get filled sodas seem really flat, I ended up just drinking the water.

I would say the best two things that I had that night were Pizza and Ice Cream. The person working the ice cream stand was super funny. I wish I could remember his name, but yeah made my night and glad he did cause the food wasn't all that good.

Save your money for some where else or if you have the 24hr buffet pass, I would say avoid this one and go to another one.
Need more selections!
Good thing I got the Buffet of Buffet 24h pass.
Expected better and was proven wrong, had dinner here.  Last stop for our BoB, which we barely beat the clock and expected a bigger, better selection.

There were not as many stations as other buffets.  The dessert section is in the middle of the walkway to the tables, which was a weird layout because it was far away from the food and in the middle of foot traffic. 

The rice pilaf, shrimp, roasted potatoes had no flavor and the Pepsi was watered down.

Just wanted to try it out and would not recommend it.  I guess there are better restaurants in the casino that the buffet was overlooked.

The cashier was a little chatty and she took longer ringing people up.

Our server was quick and always easy to spot.

I do recommend the chocolate covered Oreo w/a strawberry looking item on top - it was not a strawberry just looked like one.
A-OK. We came here for lunch on a Saturday thinking that since its in Caesar's palace that it would be a nice place for buffet. Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere and the service was good but.. the food was just mediocre and the best part I thought was the desserts with all the mini dessert dishes. Overall, this wouldn't be my first pick. I would choose another buffet over this one.
I did see the reviews and I should have turned around, but I guess I had to experience it for myself.  I was tired after a long day and had no desire to move or walk around anymore and being hungry I walked into this buffet.  I wish I didn't.  For the price I should have walked myself back into the parking lot and drove over the Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet.

When we were here most of the food in the enclosed hot buffet pots were way too salted and couldn't touch.  Perhaps the cook had an oops moment or something.  The meats were a bit dry and the selection that wasn't big didn't really look appetizing to me and for the most part I really didn't think it was all that fresh either.  It was just less than okay. 

The only thing I really stuffed my mouth with were the french macaroons I found in the dessert section which were pretty good and that was about the only thing I kept on going back for since the french macaroons just outside the buffet was costing like 3 for 10 dollars....lol.

Unfortunately, I will never return to this buffet even if I am exhausted and do not have the energy to walk anywhere else I will find myself any fastfood  over this place and will save my money!
In years pass I thought Logo breakfast buffet was one of the best in Las Vagas. This was our first stop for breakfast upon getting there. We get about early enough to go to breakfast, as you know is not always the easyest thing to accomplish in Vagas. The wife and I drive over the Caeser's Palace, mouths watering! Pay the price of admission($40) wait to be seated. (This is where the fun begins.) 

Get seated, wait for the server to come get our drink order so we could get started on the buffet. We waited 15 minutes maybe longer, enough time for my wife to go get her plate and then me to leave and get my plate.  No one come to help us, let me preface this by saying the place was not full, and there was 3 tables occupied in the section of May 20 tables.  By the way no server yet, but there are to waitresses standing and talking about lifes many important events.  Finally waive a waiter down to see if we could get something to drink, he takes our order, yells at you guessed it one of the two ladies still yapping away.   Start to dig in and every thing was cold!  My scrambled eggs were runny,cold, crescent egg and cheese sandwich was, have you ever had cheese that was heated up then cooled down then heated back up, enough said! Sausage, ham, bacon all cold. My be it was just me I thought, so I went back up got a bagel and lox, cream cheese. How could this be bad, right? I should have known just by looking at the lox, they were sliced thicker then I'm use to be still I piled up 4 slices on one half of my bagel grabbed the other half smeared some cream cheese on it. Nooooooooo, the bagel was stale the lox were so fishy I spit them out. 

I asked my wife how her food was. Wouldn't you know it she had the experience was I did, go figure! Lol! 

I will probably give Casser's one more shot but this was one of the worst breakfast I have ever had. I could have gone to Denny's across the street, ate for less money and gotten better service and been happy! 

Proceed with caution!!!!!
I would say that as far as what I have heard from other people, this buffet is an okay place to be on the Vegas strip. I heard other places that are worse than this one. I will share that I ate here for breakfast and dinner and it has a great selection of foods and some that are cooked to order. However, I know that other buffets have a bigger selection, but hey, for being a buffet, it is quite good. However, sometimes the waiter service is kind of not so great since a couple of mistakes can come out of them. I would say not the greatest food, but very decent as to the food. Their deserts, though, are good, especially their cheesecake!!!

 I would also recommend getting a 24 hour buffet pass if you want to eat here and in 7 other buffets that are owned by the same casino guide. It is a great way to have it. It is only $45 if you inquire with them.
Buffet of Buffets Stop #2 - Monday 2pm (7/4/11).

Despite the low ratings from others, I actually had a decent dining experience while eating at Lago Buffet.  It is quite difficult to find and yes, the selections are somewhat limited.  However, it is one of the BETTER buffets among Harrah's Buffet of Buffets in terms of QUALITY.

The line was long due to the long weekend, but the good is that they served Dinner Menu All Day long.  Once seated, our waiter took our drink orders and surprisingly, even their soft drinks (Orange Juice, in this matter) taste better than Spice Market Buffets, I wonder why.

Food wise, selections are limited, few breads, few salad toppings/dressing, Chilled Shrimp, Crab legs, Prime Rib and Ham, Sushi Roll, BBQ Chicken..etc.  However, the desserts occupied most part of the buffet.  Its extensive, carefully made, and delicious. 

I highly recommend this buffet for part of the Buffet of Buffet journey. Its perfect for lunch/afternoon tea or sweet lovers.
So we came here for lunch because we had the Buffet of Buffets deal and we were too lazy to walk over to Paris or some other hotel for lunch. We figured we would just eat enough to carry us over until dinner and that's exactly what happened. This wasn't because we were careful in not over eating, but because their selection is sooo little that there really wasn't anything to eat! The buffet is really small and nothing stood out to me. They have the bare minimum there. Not only that but our server SUCKED. Service was sooo slow and she never once refilled our drinks. We had to literally wave her down every time we needed something because she was too busy daydreaming about and walking like a snail then going into hiding. We definitely would not pay full price for this buffet. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else if you are paying full price for lunch or dinner.
$27 per person on a Saturday morning.  After waiting in line, for LESS THAN DENNY'S quality, we left shaking our heads and feeling terribly ripped off!  Horrible.  Do NOT, I repeat, not go to this.  Not a single thing was good.  Extremely limited selections. Downright terrible.  Caesars, you should be ashamed.
Did the Buffet of Buffets thing and went here twice.  Always my favorite for breakfast, since it has nice thick bacon and good french toast.  I usually just fill up on that 3 or 4 plates then hit some melon to trick myself that I'm doing something healthy.  Attendants are fast with the drink refills here
My friends and I came here on a Sunday for lunch because the line at the Bellagio buffet was too long. This place didn't have a line and we should have realized why. The food selection is very small and they have a lot of bread and pastas. The meat and crab were very dry and we couldn't even finish a plate. The dessert section was limited also and their ice cream machine was broken! The only good thing about this place is their service.
The service here is top notch and you should definitely leave a huge tip.

The food is not as bad as some have been saying. The buffett selection is not that great and taste can be improve a notch.
After my horrendous experience here I would NEVER want to go back nor would I EVER pay for the crappy ass service presented here. I am highly allergic to seafood and so I saw this label stating "chicken" but when I saw the entree itself it looked like salmon so I wanted to be sure and I was RIGHT. So when I asked the lady behind the counter she goes "its salmon" so I ask so then where is the chicken and it states chicken. So then she rudely replies "DIDNT I JUST SAY ITS SALMON?!" and then says to me"THERE IS NO CHICKEN....NOW DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR ME" So I said NO and quickly went to the manager and told her the situation and the best thing done was that the labels were rearranged but as far as that bitchy waitress or server, she was never handled. F%ckin ridiculous is if you ask me! NEVER NEVER NEVER again! DONT BOTHER COMING. As far the food goes the orange chicken tasted like literal oranges (gross) the drinks, even fountain drinks are served in wine glasses. Premade salad served in cups. I think their "cup happy" LOL this place was fckn hard to find within all of the caesars palace properties. It is so confusing. Anyways so we went to hell and back to find it.  The pesto tortellini very dry and lacking salt. The mashed potatoes were surprisingly good, the extra large stuffed ravioli was just OK. The little trays that are heated towards the wall are so annoying because the lid keeps fallin down while youre trying to get your food. Their labels dnt match their entrees even their desserts are served in mini shot glass sized cups. The apple crunch dessert is tasty. Strawberry shortcake is just okay. The chocolate pudding was good (liked the crunch on top) because it gave it some texture and they had this one dessert that looked like whipped cream who knows maybe it was! It tasted like a slab of whipped cream because it was so fluffy and light, hardly any flavor idk if its trying to be a whipped cheesecake but if so it was an epic fail.The white chocolate macadamia cookie really good BUT really hard lol not a fan of the chocolate chip cookie very dry and mediocre. Just because SOME of their desserts were tasty it doesnt reimburse the horrible experience and other food I had encountered here
went to the buffet because we were staying at the casino. 
really bad service.. our waitress saw that we no longer had drinksbut continued to clean her tables and then proceeded to walk off. the food was not all that. the buffet was really small considering it was in caesars.
 personally, save your money and go to a different buffet.
I really wish I would of logged on here and saw the reviews of this dismal buffet before I went. It would of saved me $29.13 & long lines.

Being that the buffet was located inside of the illustrious Caesar's Palace, I expected pure decadence. Uh...no. Basic Golden Coral fare was what I got.

Dry, tough meats, lackluster dishes and terrible mimosas were served. The best part of the food was the dessert, Mmm. That's how it got 2 stars. 

If you want a fantastic buffet full of variety in Vegas, bypass Lago's and go to Rio's.
My friends and I got the all day buffet pass and decided to come here for dinner since we figured Caesars Palace would deliver on a meal with lots of grandeur.  

Well, let me say...we were SHOCKED to see the small selection. The stuff I tried was OK, not great.
tri tip - pretty flavorful and they offered different temps of meat
salads - served in individual glass cups..kinda cool I guess
dumplings - your usual potstickers
pasta with tomato sauce - pasta a little too soft for my taste

Honestly, I expected more. My friends were sooooo disappointed we wasted part of our meal here, we decided to bounce and head on over to the buffet at Planet Hollywood. Good thing we got the pass because I would've been extremely unhappy paying full price for this buffet alone. 

Service was friendly though so I give them that! There was very little grandness to it all overall. Surprising because as we looked out the window to the pool, we saw a HUUUGE pool area and amazing fountains. The buffet itself was very plain and casual. What a weird contrast.
An average buffet at a world known hotel/resort/casino.

One of the Buffet of Buffets tour. Cesar's Lago is just ok with it's own jems. Overall the selection is very limiting. You have the standard buffet items roast beef, mac n cheese, desserts, a few asian, italian, and american fare. 

A few items i tried,
Crab legs - very salty and hard to peel. Most seafood is from frozen, but this offering wasn't top notch.
Meat carvings - pretty good, average for buffets
Omalete station - pretty good, a friend got a custom omelete i had a few bites from. should have got that. haha
Dessert - decent selection with and ice cream/gelato station
Sushi - three items, wasn't appetizing at all. avoid the sushi.

This isn't one of the buffets to go out of your way for. Unless you find yourself walking by, have the buffet pass and need some quick grub. 

Service was good for us, no issue with that. However, there are far better buffets to go to in the Buffet of Buffet list. 2.5stars
I only came here because we had the 24 multi-buffet pass.. otherwise I  would never try it for the price. I'm not sure how much it was regularly but if I had to pay full price it might be 1-2 stars.  

Food was all mediocre.. there is a fruit basket so bring a big purse/backpack and take some to go for room snacks! I know I'm super cheap haha.. I'll shell out the cash for exceptional food but places like this I've got to cut all the corners I can to make it more worthwhile lol. 

The one thing they have going for them is the dessert bar!!! I wasn't completely blown away by most of the items in particular but I did like how tiny the desserts were so you could try a huge variety! :) 

OMGosh the one item I will be coming back for is the *chocolate covered mousse truffle (whatever they are called) oreo kisses!!!!! Seriously are out of control GOOD!!! I'm bringing tupperware in my purse next time and loading up on these little babies!!! omygoodness!! haha

Decent ice cream, getting a waffle cone makes it kind of fun.

I'd only come here with the buffet pass, save one of your meals for another buffet and come here for dessert =)
Lago Caesars Buffet is not big.  It is not grand.  You do not get a touristy vegas buffet vibe to it.   It feels more like a hotel cafe than a buffet and sometimes that is a good thing.   

Normally, I would go to Aria or Wynn or Cosmo, but if I use Harrah's Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass, I find myself coming to the Lago Buffet most often.   

This is definitely not a special occasion buffet nor a place to showoff to vegas newbies and I wouldn't pay regular price for this buffet, but I know what to expect.

I think people are generally being harsh because it is small and unlike the other buffets like RIO and Spice Market at PH.    Don't come with high expectations and the buffet is fine.
We got the Buffet of Buffet passes for Vegas where we can eat at any of Harrah's 7 hotels, and this one was the most disappointing. I expected much better than this because it was located in Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino. The food was just straight up nasty. They didn't have a lot of selections and everything tasted like it came out of a can. Not only that, the buffet was hard to find! lol
Food was decent, service was horrible. Our waitress only served us drinks one time throughout the 45 minutes we were there.

We got the 24 hour deal for $54. It was worth it once we tried other buffets, ended up getting 4 good meals out of it!!
Clean. Selection is limited but the quality beats many other buffet of buffet colleagues. Desserts are very good.
2.5 stars. 

We were here because of a friend's recommendation (she loves the mussels here) and because we had that $49/24 hours of buffets meal deal. 

The food was okay, but they have a very small selection, especially compared to the other buffets on the Strip. 

The mashed red-skinned potatoes were very sour like they had a splash of lemon juice or capers or something on them -- not so great. 

It was all very run-of-the-mill food, but there were a few standouts:

- Chocolate truffle/light fudge covered oreos dipped in chocolate -- divine. I still have dreams about it. 

- Mussels in a light and spicy tomato broth

- Prime rib with horseradish sauce

- Buttery corn on the cob

- Green bean casserole

- Peanut butter gelato

Their other gelatos, particularly the peaches and cream, lychee, and banana flavors just tasted -- for lack of a better word -- soapy. The strawberry was okay, and the peanut butter chocolate chip was really good. But all the gelati had a really runny not-frozen-all-the-way texture that was mildly unpleasant. 

I really like the decor here; it's nice and open and has shades of royal blue and gold-ish beige all over the place. Very nice.

Service was slow. We had plates pile up, and it took an eternity for us to get our first refill on drinks, which was at the very end of our meal. 

Not sure if I'll be back without virtue of the 24-hour buffet deal pass. It's pretty price-y regularly priced for what it is.
This was the smallest buffet that we visited in Vegas, and the least impressive. We went for lunch on our last day and luckily, after eating at other buffets the day before, we weren't all that hungry. I ended up mostly filling up on salad and bagels with lox/cream cheese, pretty unremarkable for a buffet but that's really all that looked good to me there. Other items included a few pasta dishes, carved meats, and one or two breakfast items like scrambled eggs and sausage. I tried one or two of these things and was unimpressed, so  just went back for salad, pretty boring!

The two positive things I can say about this place are 1) that there was no wait time to get in and 2) you can get an ice cream cone to enjoy as you leave the buffet.
This is the worst buffet I have been to in Las Vegas.

 It reminds mind of a comic strip that I saw in the Chicago Tribune Sports section many years ago where the whole Russian baseball team had to take the walk of shame out of the dugout into the clubhouse and be replaced by a whole new team walking from the clubhouse to the dugout because the first team sucked. This is what Ceasar's Palace should do to the chefs that work on this buffet.

The pork chops and prime rib were dried out and inedible. The apple that I tried was old with that brown stuff inside. The three bean salad had cilantro sprinkled all over, who does that? I could go on and on, I will post pictures at a later time.
this place does not deserve any stars at all. My boyfriend and I were looking for a breakfast place and we ran into this one. We thought "how can you really screw up breakfast?" LAGO DID!!

We went for brunch, i think we JUST missed breakfast and I think it was 10am when we came. We paid about $26 per person and that was $26 down the drain for each of us.

The scrambled eggs looked so runny (egg beaters not even real eggs) and the hash browns tasted powdery...(it was probably instant). LIke everyone else says, there was not much to choose from. The beef i had was SO salty, at least it wasn't dry. The oatmeal was okay.  I had salad and I felt i could make a better salad at home. There wasn't many toppings or dressings to choose from. The best thing there was probably the fruit. Nothing really looked that appetizing so I didn't eat too much. 

We were both really disappointed with this buffet, especially with it being in such a nice hotel, you'd think it would be better! It was so bad that i forgot I was even in a nice hotel, I thought i was in some dinky hotel.

Listen to me and everyone else, STAY AWAY from this buffet.
This is the worst buffet (of the major hotels) that I have been to in Vegas. Critiques:
-very limited food selection
-no food cooked to order
-weak seafood (what buffet doesn't remove shells from the shrimp?)
-pastries were hard and clearly made in bulk
-few fruits
Sorry, but I was fairly disappointed in this buffet. I heard so many great things about vegas buffets, but this one is just your average. I'm surprised it's in such an exceptional hotel/casino.

For $30/person, I was hoping for a wider sushi section, pre-cracked crab legs, and clam chowder that actually tasted like clams were in them. This is the first time I've never finished my food at a buffet, strangely, I got the same opinions from our group of 8 people. Mediocore all around. :(
Finally, the elusive Lago Buffet in Caesar's Palace.... After all these years of hearing how this buffet was lacking in food for it being in Caesar's Palace I finally gave it a try... and guess what?  All the reviews were right on the lacking part of things... so here's what I thought of it...

1)  Decor was awesome!  Loved the interior and the design of the place... it's more like fine dining compared to a buffet... nice booths, white table-clothed linen tables, beautiful lighting, etc...  1 star

2)  Service was great!  Our waitress was so attentive and was always around when we needed... just keeping the table clean and table cloth tidy is totally cool of her.  Service received 1 star

So what about the food you ask?  Well.... not much...

Despite the fact that everyone in my party enjoyed the food, I, for one, was definitely not excited.  Being inside one of the most prestigeous casinos how you gonna have like a 5 stations buffet including salads and dessert?  I totally seen better.......

Everything I picked seems like it's either chicken or some sort of veggies... there is one single fish dish, and that's pretty much all the exciting choices that I can find... (and it was dry!)  Seriously folks... 2 chicken dishes done differently but they are still chicken.  Salad stations lack in choices of toppings, etc... I don't know.... I really don't have much to say about this buffet's edible contents... it's just so lacking....

So for all of you who is planning to visit vegas, for the price of $26 you can "DEFINITELY" go to another exciting buffet that will leave you breathless (literally)...but if you end up going for the 24hrs buffet feast, it wouldn't hurt to give this place a try...  other than that... it's really not worth the visit...
my favorite of the Buffet of Buffets.  Most people like the carnival world buffet better.  yeah that one had more selection but in terms of quality of the food, this one was tops.  it was so good that we had breakfast and dinner here.

compared to the other vegas buffets, this one was on the small side.  but it made up for it in the quality of the food.  for breakfast the standouts for me were the omelet station, steak and eggs, and the endless assortment of pastries.

the dinner was all about the prime rib and the crab legs and the sauteed mushrooms.  damn just thinking of the crab legs makes me wanna plan another day trip to Vegas.  

service was great too!
This was the last buffet my boyfriend and I came to on our BOB adventure. We had just eaten at the Rio and came to Lago really for desserts.

But of course, when we got there, we decided to eat some regular foods. This buffet was definitely the smallest of the three we went to. Actually, I think this buffet is smaller than Hometown Buffet. 

Anyways, I ate some bread...after doing some searching for butter. I know, it sounds minimal, but I really wanted bread and butter...but the butter is not with the bread? It's over by the salad part station, weird. Anyways, I got my bread and butter. I also got some ribs, but I was SO full that I think I only ate one. It tasted good, but I was so full that I really didn't want to eat anymore. 

I all the food settle though before going over to the desserts. At first, I didn't see the desserts and was like "WTF"?!?! But then realized that it was in the middle of the restaurant. I agree, the desserts are the best here! 

Service was a little slow on refilling drinks. He'd take our plates, but wouldn't ask if we wanted a refill, when we obviously had no more soda left. And the lady that was working as the cashier was super slow. I'm glad we had a lot of time to spare because I would have been sad if we didn't make it into this last one because the lady was ringing so slowly. 

Due to the small selection, I wouldn't come here on it's own. There's not enough to feel like I'd get my money's worth here. But if you're doing the BOB, coming here for the desserts is good enough!
Food is awesome! I'm thinking many people might not like this buffet because it is smaller than most of the others around the strip and therefore not as much selection.  But we did enjoy the actual food more than the other buffets so I guess it depends on what your goal is.
My husband said it was the best prime rib he's had in 15 years. All of the food was superb quality.
I was a little disappointed in the deserts. I thought they could have done better with that. It looked like the same desserts they had at all of the other Harrah's buffets.
So ... ... I really loved this buffet? *hides*

Maybe it was the low expectations from reading all the Yelp reviews while waiting in the (short) line for brunch; thanks guys! I honestly had a really great experience here.

This was my last BoB stop, which began the previous day with brunch at Paris. The selection is definitely smaller than the rest of the places we went to, but quality-wise, there was no comparison -- Lago all the way! Think about it, at a regular restaurant, all you want is 1 delicious entree and a couple of sides to be satisfied. How many yummy dishes do you REALLY need to happily stuff your face? If 5 to 10 quality choices isn't enough then... I don't know what to tell you?

So I think we arrived around 10am on the Saturday after Thanksgiving, and the wait was maybe 10 mins? They were serving breakfast foods when I arrived; exactly what I was craving post-clubbin'. Their eggs were way better than Paris's, quite the selection of meats, and the omelette station looked pretty legit. Plate 1 was sampling, obviously, but when I went back for plate 2, things started getting confusing... within 10 minutes, all the breakfast dishes had been replaced with lunch options. Not gonna lie, I was pretty upset at first (MORE BACON!!) but I stopped, thought about it, and realized I was getting 2 buffets for the price of 1! (Actually, it was BoB so more like 5 buffets for 1, but you get the point.) Which is perhaps why I wasn't too disappointed in their selection, who knows.

Prime rib, prime rib, prime rib, punctuated by a slice of bone-in ribeye. Mac n cheese -- the kind with a thick crusty layer on top, not the watery out of a box kind. Some guy whose job is only to cut fresh fruit and arrange the slices delightfully on a platter. Pretty good pizza for a buffet. Hot peppery chicken strips for the little ones and taste-bud-challenged. A selection of cold salmon, cheese, etc. Warm croissants. Funky looking dim sum things. After a plate of prime rib and mashed taters (post breakfast, mind you), how much more can a person eat? Even if the buffet had been a billion times larger, I still would have stuck with eating what I did.

Desserts were bomb, but my tummy was so distended by the end of 24 hrs BoB adventure that I only tasted some of the creme brulee, mini key lime pie, cookies dipped in the chocolate fountain, and gelato served in a waffle bowl. (Yikes, loseit.com here I come...)

Service was admittedly lacking; had to repeatedly work pretty hard to flag down waiters to fill out waters and get coffee. Environment was classy, well-lit, and welcoming; I wouldn't have felt as comfortable anywhere considerably fancier. Oh, and I thought it was kind of hard to find, so don't feel too bad if it takes you a while to get there. :-)

In summary, Lago has a lot going for it. I don't know how I would have felt paying full price for a meal, but as part of the larger experience, I was totally satisfied. Come prepared to have a good meal with a few quality entrees, and save some room for dessert! Breakfast ends early-ish, so take that into consideration.
Definitely a nice LOOKING buffet but not a nice tasting buffet. I came here with the buffet of buffets. This place gets two stars because of the decor... 
Everyone was raving about the desserts at the Caesar's buffet. So I thought I had to try it. But to my dismay, this was not good for even desserts. I tried every single dessert at the buffet and not one was memorable.  Most of the desserts consist of cream, and on the heavy sweet side.

I uploaded a few photos of the desserts, the selection was less than the buffet at Paris and Planet Hollywood. The only food item I liked was the noodle soup at the Asian bar and the pesto pasta. The ribs on the serving platters were too dry and most of the other items did not look too appetizing. If you are aiming to try all the 7 buffets with the 24hr pass, I would not waste my time at Lago. Go to Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, Paris, Rio or even Harrah! At least service was good... that's because not many people were eating here!
Not a great Buffet  by any means.  Still, you have you're usual items for dinner like the Carving Station, a variety of desserts, an obligatory amount of Chinese food, and a seafood section.  The overall decor of the restaurant is very nice, with it's super high back booths tasteful "aqua" color scheme.

 The fact that they heat up the crab legs for you is a plus.  There is a chef that puts your crab legs you've selected in hot water to heat it up for you.  

The salad bar section is very small and selection is very limited when it comes to fruits.  On a positive note, there is hand-scooped ice cream with Waffle Cone.  A nice touch, as not many buffets have hand-scooped ice cream.  

While participating in the Buffet of Buffet, my group decided on going to 2 dinner buffets at the same night.  So we stopped by the Lago Buffet at around 9:20PM, buffet closes at 10PM.  No problem, we thought.  So we ate dinner then dessert.  It was around 15 min after closing, they dimmed the lights.  However, our group was still finishing up our desserts.  Then 10 min later, they turned the lights out completely!  So there we were in the dark finishing up.  Wow.  If you let someone in at 9:59PM, you still need to allow them time to get all the food and at least half an hour to eat all the food.  This is after all, a buffet.  People need to be allowed time to eat all their food.

Turning off lights when a customer is eating.  Unacceptable.
Good food. Not enough variety. I went to the sunday brunch. Service was great. Lisa tried the dessert bar and had a sampler of minis. Her comment: "Delicious!". The wait was about 20 minutes but there was plenty of food.
This is by far the worst buffet my boyfriend and I have EVER been to.  Went here about 1:30 pm on Saturday, 12/17/11.  After 20 min of waiting for my tea, I asked our waitress again.  10 min later she came over with one.  She also took a whole plate of watermelon away that I hadn't even touched, and didn't ask if I was done.  I can deal with bad service, however, at a buffet.

What I can not deal with is bad food.  There was no selection.  Very small buffet.  The food they did have was crap.  Tasted like frozen food re-heated.  They weren't refilling anything in the buffet, so you'd have to ask for them to, and then they'd give you this dirty look like you were creating a sin asking for this.

Didn't have any butter sauce for crab legs.  No spreads for bagels or bread.  Salad bar sucks.  Desserts taste like plastic.

I also can't believe they charge $30.  I should've waited in line forever at the Bellagio buffet and paid less for way better food.
Why are people so harsh on buffets? Maybe it's on the service rather than the food? I dunno.

Anyways, I really enjoyed this buffet. I had the 24 hour buffet pass and this one was wonderful compared to the others.

The pastas and the desserts were notable and the other foods were all-around good. Not the largest selection, but it what they did serve was very tasty.

I liked this buffet and that's all that really matters.
Caesar's Palace fails to deliver as one of the top rated hotels in Las Vegas, Nevada when Lago Buffet was sheepishly introduced as a cut-down offering to those who seek the best in buffets.

Overheard in the Rewards Center from the employees is the hype that the food quality is "up there but the variety is very small".  Unfortunately, the food preparation compares to that of a Denny's Restaurant at Bellagio prices!  Even the servers and employees are embarrassed to recommend Lago Cafe.

Pricing is about $20 per person for breakfast with 12 different entrees. Scrambled eggs, hash browns, 3 types of sliced bread, two types of sausages, carved chicken, ham and roast beef, biscuits and gravy and finally mashed potatoes.  Of course there are coffee, orange juice with more arsenic and cranberry juice.

For lunch, add $5 more and get skinny king crab legs that are cured in salt water and washed out shrimp.  Lots of cheap pasta.  For kosher folks, you get slimy salmon and suspiciously low grade beef that may not be kosher.

Anyone who endorses Caesar's Lago Buffet has to be stupid because there are far better spreads with first rate chefs that runs circles around this over rated scam.

Which one's?  I mentioned it. Bellagio.  For around $22 including tax, you get over 3 times the entrees that actually taste like a cuisine. Unlike Lago, Bellagio actually has pride in their presentation and flavors.  Each taste, each morsel is filled with surprising good flavors and desserts! Let's talk desserts.  Lago presents crummy cookies and questionable donuts that are laughably small.  Bellagio? WOW!

Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago can be best described as disappointing and a waste of money.  People who praise Lago are simply not smart or have common sense. When employees in private don't recommend Lago, then that says a lot about why you should go elsewhere.

Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago food can be best compared to Sunset Station's Buffet.  Food is OK quality. The only difference is that Sunset Station charges $7 versus +$20 for a lot less variety of food.
Caesar's Palace is a world known hotel & casino. Now it is known as the worst and most disappointing buffet in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The selection is very small. What is served is not top notch but quality of a Hometown Buffet for $30 per person.

Why would anyone go to Cafe Lago Buffet?  Because the allure of Caesar's Palace first class aura.  Don't be fooled and lied to by employees who post here.  Lagos will disappoint and insult you for paying for what you will never get.  Service is Off and On.  Undependable.  I was warned and did not believe. Now I know that I will not recommend this POS in Caesar's Palace.  You can dress a dog and make it stand on it's hind legs but it is still a dog.  Apologies to all dogs but not about Cafe Lago Buffet. 

Lago is all about the con games played out.  Bring you in and flip you for being a fool.  So don't be fooled. Go anywhere but here at Lago Buffet and be happy, not sad.  I'm serious!
Of all of the awesome food in Vegas,  Caesars ought to be ashamed of this buffet.  The food was not even mediocre.  Since I was served a cold piece of pork that was inedible, the worse part was my boyfriends RAW piece of lamb.  Not rare, RAW.  We couldn't believe it!  The only things we could stomach were the crab legs ( served cold, not hot ) and a couple of the deserts that actually had flavor.  Small selection for any day, much less Christmas Day when they should have had an opulent spread.  Go anywhere but here!!!  The only bright part of this meal was our server and I truly felt sorry for her.... she deserves a better place to work.
I am writing because I read Caesars is closing the buffet for several months, and I am hoping they will completely revamp this buffet and make it great. Caesars is one of the elite hotels in Las Vegas, but the buffet is the absolute worst. It's really an embarrassment to the property. Excalibur's buffet is better, and it's a culinary bacteria trap! Overpriced, poor service, disgusting food, there is nothing good about this buffet. Bellagio is the template for what this buffet shoud be. Bellagio is a spectacular buffet and hopefully Caesars will retool and hit that mark.
This is a tricky one to review.  I've eaten here about 10 times so know it pretty well.  

Of all the CET buffets this is my favorite for Breakfast but least favorite for Lunch or Dinner (well excluding IP buffet which is just awful...).

First off the selection is small compared to other buffets.  I think this has the least impact on Breakfast and much more of an impact on Lunch and Dinner. The room is very nice, and you can sit outside in the summer which is awesome.

LOVE the pork belly for Breakfast, sliced to order.  Nice to see Salmon also available.

It is pricey.  I always use comps so generally don't care about that, but if you are paying cash I could see how you would feel short changed.

Looking at the reviews I can understand all the "1" star rating, but they don't tell the entire story.

Go for Breakfast and use comps :)
Came to Vegas and super excited. Seeing our choices for the 24 hour buffet pass, we thought Caesars must be good since its a major casino.

Well. We had to wait two hours in line to enter. One cashier only. A manager was looking over her but not jumping on the register. His excuse? I don't know how to run the register. Then he was lost for one hour looking for another cashier. This line was on the brink of a full blown riot. 

Got in exhausted. Food was mediocre at best.
Yelp should allow you to give negative stars because of places like this. How on earth is this place still even open?! Okay so we came here because we were freaking starving and tired of driving the strip for a place to eat....why on earth did we decide on this place...I still cannot answer that question to this day. 

Everything about this place was just plain bad. There was little to no variety in the food, and when they ran out of something, it was never replenished - at least not during our time there . Strike one. I could have dealt with the bad food but to top it off, it seemed like every employee serving the food behind the buffet bars absolutely HATED their jobs/life. We overheard an elder lady ask if that was all the sushi they had, the response from the man behind the counter "We have 5 kinds, how much more do you want!". OKAY...REALLY?! No one is forcing you to work there man! Strike two. The best part of our experience here is that when we left the table to get food, our table was cleared and reset a total of three times. THREE TIMES!!! WTF!!! How does that even happen at a buffet....we weren't even gone that long! We were able to come back to our table at the wicked spoon after 15 minutes without worrying about our drinks and forks disappearing! Strike three....

Don't just walk away from this place, run, run as fast as you can, even a food court is better than this place.
This has to be the lamest buffet I've ever been to. Selection and food sucked - oysters were gritty, sushi was not fresh, crab legs were ice cold and bland. And they should not call that soup pho. Service has horrible too - we had to ask 3 separate servers for refills.

I actually went here last November so my trip wasn't recent. I just haven't had a chance to write a review. You'd think time would lessen my hatred of this place but the experience was just so bad! Worst. Buffet. Ever.
This place is closed. Not sure if its closed for renovations or something else. However, after looking at the Yelp reviews I am glad we didn't get to try this place. Must've been crappy. Wasted my time trying to look for it the other day.
If I could give this buffet 0 stars I would. Out of the buffets to choose from out of the buffets of buffets deal, this one is the worst buffet I've been to. It's small and  the food was lame. Although Cesar's palace is a very classy and fancy hotel, with the awesome swimming pools, the forum shops, the fountains outside etc.. The buffet isn't good at all, there are better places to eat at Cesar's palace than this buffet.
I never knew Caesars had a buffet until I found about the Lagos buffet and I was excited to try it and had big expectations since it was in Caesars Palace, Harrah's top tier property.  The line to get in was very long unless you were a Diamond or higher Total Rewards member. 

The buffet wasn't what I expected and compares to the Treasure Island's Buffet, small and limited selection.
So I took my parents here during Christmas Day because a lot of my friends raved about the food. They were in deed open. We stood in line for 4 hours waiting to get in. The sign outside said it was approximately a 3 hour wait.  After standing there for 3 hours we find out there was an express line. That if you paid extra $20 your can get in faster. AFTER STANDING there for 3 hours it seemed pointless to pay that freaken $20...now. Just wished someone from the hotel would have let us know...sooner...

ANYways, we still ended up waiting another hour to get in to the damn buffet.. so sad..
By that time we were obviously starving.. I felt so bad for my parents... as we get in its  about 10:30pm and they told us we had to hurry because they were about to close in 30 mins. So basically we had to rush an get the left over food because they weren't cooking anything fresh anymore and then get out....

I was super pissed that they didn't have the courtesy to inform people this information as they were standing in line. They just let all of us wait... i was so disappointed with the customer service. I had to write this review! DONT LET THIS happen TO you!
We ate here as part of our Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass.  This was our last stop, and I must admit we were not that hungry.  Still, we decided to be pigs and fill up some more.

We arrived for an early lunch, and there was about a 20 minute wait.  This was acceptable.  The atmosphere was fine, and the service was as well.  

The buffet options were limited.  The place was pretty small compared to most other buffets on the Strip.  This surprised me cause this is Caesar's Palace.  Still, we were fine with the food options.  Nothing tasted bad.  Nothing tasted excellent either.  So just okay overall.

Unless, we were comped for eating here.  I do not think that we would pay to eat here because there are many better choices in Las Vegas to spend your money.
Reservation counter person told me and families to wait in buffet queue and we were literally kicked out saying we were queue without paying and the staff allowed everyone behind us to go in. We were with two kids and is was roaming around for 45 mins with starving kids. What else can we say about this. They suck
Kennedy Tavern is one of the stops I must make every time I am at the District. Every time I go in I feel like I have been transplanted back to the sleek/retro bars I used to frequent on Sunset Blvd. It has a very relaxing laid-back vibe that I love. 

I usually sit and dine in the bar. Bartenders are great and can mix quite a cocktail. My fav. is the Midnight Martini which has my favorite vodka (Effen Black Cherry) mixed with pomegranate schnapps and bit of sweet and sour.....The nectar of the gods!!

The food is tasty too!! I recommend the following:

Tuna Chips: seared rare ahi with wonton chips and and orange mint 
                       sauce

Fondue App: Yummy Gruyere cheese with veggies, bread and apples

Hoisen Duck: Tender and flavorful... in a delectable mint sauce

Shrimp and Lobster Linguine: With a ton of veggies all tossed in an 
                                                      amazing lobster broth!! YUM!

On nice, warm day make sure to sit outside....great place to people watch and relax.
Kennedy is so much fun! There are a few things that make this one to put in the little black book.
1. They are open twenty four hours
2. It isn't gross inside
3. They have Cheese fondue
Do I need to go on? 
I do have friends that adore their steak and are happy that it is available all night. However the fact that I can get a salad and melted cheese anytime gives this place four stars alone. Add in the pretty red rose decor and fun wrap around bar and your in for a great time.
Oh, and the wine selection is pretty good too!!
I have been here about 5 times.  I live just down the street from here.  Each time it has been tasty.  I did have a cheese plate that was sub par though.  Seemingly processed & uninspired.  Anyway, the service has been better than most LV spots & I have never had to leave a tip less than 20%.  I was told last night that they now close at 4am & stop serving food at 2am.  Adios, 24 hours!  They do offer 1/2 price bottles of wine on Tuesdays too.  Outdoor seating as well, but no misters...
In planning a meeting at Green Valley Ranch, I needed a place for dinner for 20 people.  None of the attendees were locals, and are a mix of men and women, ages 30-60.  

After finding Kennedy Tavern on "The District" web site, and reading the reviews of local Yelpers, I decided to give them a try.  The dinner great -- it by far exceeded our "dining experience" at Olive's two years prior!  

Neil, the Manager, provided me with a pre-set menu, the chef gladly substituted a pork dish for a vegetarian dish, and Jeannie, the hostess was so pleasant every time I called with a question.  I was also able to preselect wine and appetizers, which were served within minutes after we were seated.

The location was a short walk from the hotel, and everyone liked the ambiance immediately (modern, industrial feel, and cleanliness).  Service was prompt and attentive, even though there was another large group that evening.

Each dish received rave reviews - especially the Onion soup and Pepper-Crusted Ahi.   Each course was served hot and to the desired "doneness" on each steak,  we never felt like we were being rushed or ignored (like on The Strip).

For a group business dinner, Kennedy Tavern is a great choice!
I've eaten here a few times, and had overall good experiences every outing.

I usually eat at the bar, but have journeyed to the dining room floor without any faults, which is rare in a bar/tavern type setting.   Kennedy has some great ideas, and a quality staff to boot.

Try the Tuna appetizer, and the Truffled Flat Bread.

Fair and easy to read wine list.

A great place to eat
I went with a group on saturday to take advantage of their "Super Saturday" promotion. 50% off all food for our table if we dined between 7-9 and mentioned super saturday when making the reservation. Give it a try!!

Atmosphere: Sleek...modern... fun.. I really loved the feel of this place. The black "leather" booths were comfy.

Drinks: First round was awesome. Yummy martinis that were perfectly crafted. 2nd round came from a different bartender. They all sucked. Paying $10 a pop for inconsistent drinks is a bummer!

Food: calamari was excellent. Crisp and a great portion size. Foccacia on the table was warm and delish. My ahi tuna salad was gross unfortunately. The tuna wasn't fresh.. it wasn't seasoned.. it was just bland chewy mush on my plate. The salad came dressed (when I asked for dressing on the side). The plate wasn't put together particularly well.... just not a great salad (especially compared to the delish ahi crunch salad at Yardhouse!!). My fiance was happy (but not super excited) about his chicken fetticuine. 

Overall not a *bad* experience, but not great. I'd try them again, but I'm in no rush at this point.
Fantastic dishes that are just a little different than what you would expect.  

Very cool atmosphere.  

I have been to Kennedy a number of times now and the experience is consistently good. 

Love the fact that I can get great food, even really late.

Was mad when they changed desserts, but love the new carrot cake.
I was staying next door at GVR, and their late night (11pm to 3am) happy hour was too much to resist. 50% of their signature drinks? Heck yeah, sign me and the misses up. I ordered a mojito that was made well, with the proper amount of mint. Maria had a triple chocolate martini, that tasted like alcoholic chocolate milk. Yes, imagine that, the go here and drink it. 

We thought about getting some fondue for desert, but seeing as we had already drank our calories, we opted to save it for another trip. Overall, I'd recommend this to other hotel guests who want to go to a real restaurant and bar, not some crappy "Claim Jumper" chain as another reviewer had mentioned.
I ordered the Chinese chicken salad. It was really good and unlike any chicken salad I've ever had. The chicken was like sesame seed encrusted and it came in a bowl made if wonton. The calamari was also good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I sampled the filet. Also great. Impeccable service but we went on a night the place was fairly empty. 

I also highly recommend trying the key lime martini.
Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant.  The food was terrible and service worse.  Don't ever eat here.  EVER.

The male/female bartender were very nice as I walked out, so it may be okay to grab a drink.

But Don't ever eat here!
Average food, good happy hour specials for drinks and appetizers, pretty dining room, friendly bartenders and servers. Open late.
The key with kennedy's is that you have to go during their happy hours to be able to partake in many of their awesome apps (1/2 off during happy hour) Granted..... I can only speak for the seared ahi tuna, but that enough is worth me making the trip down there in the middle of the night. 

And the best part about going during the week during the middle of the night besides the 1/2 price apps? The awesome bartenders who keep the drinks cold and the conversation warm.  (That did not sound to cheezy did it? ) LOL
My boyfriend and I went to Kennedy's for dinner tonight-had never been there before and was looking forward to checking it out. The food was good-Had the Cheese fondue, sausage and pepper flatbread, and chocolate fondue for dessert. Too bad the service was terrible!!!! We saw our waiter twice the entire time we were there and luckily the bussboys/food servers were there otherwise we would have gotten no service (keep in mind the restaurant was slow-not even half occupied). Needless to say I don't plan on going back.
I live on the other side of town and rarely visit Green Valley.  I was at GVR for a conference and went to a cocktail mixer at Kennedy Tavern.

It was a Tuesday night and besides our party of 50 people, there wasn't very many people there.  It would have been dead.  I had a few drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  I didn't get a chance to try the food.

Will I come back?  If I'm back in Egypt, I'd consider it.
Had dinner here last week. Both my date and I had the NY strip. Service was good, but the restaurant was very quiet, not at all as busy as I'd expect. Nice comfortable armchairs at our table for two, and view of nice, but sparsely populated tropical fish tank. The curved brick walls/cielings are a very cool look. There are huge leather booths in the corners that look like they could seat 6. A good group spot for dinner...
Not a very exciting menu, but enough items that everyone should be able to find something to eat. The steak was decent, although nothing to write home about. In Las Vegas, you have to make a good steak. Due to so many great options for steak in Vegas, even a decent steak like this one is forgettable. Also, my whipped potatos tasted a little...instant?

Over all it was a decent meal and a decent price. I'd perhaps steer you away from the steak if you have toured some of the finer local steak houses. It just won't measure up. I'd be willing to go back and try something else from the menu, perhaps I have missed their specialty?
Would not recommend anyone go here. The manager "Annetta" is a complete and utter cow. Rude, pushy, and when asked for a way to contact her superiors over her attitude, she became extremely belligerent. I had to actually contact another location to find out how to get in touch with "Annetta"'s boss. 

The woman pitched a fit on myself and my fiance for disagreeing with her opinion that the smoking ban is a horrible thing that will crush all restaurant business in Nevada. She informed me that I've OBVIOUSLY never worked in the industry (which is false) and that I had no right to say that eating in a pub/restaurant is better without people blowing cigarette smoke all over, and that it's "People like you who cause 3500 servers a month to lose their job in Las Vegas.". 

She also allows her regular customers to flaunt the ban and smoke anyway.

When asking if they had any drink specials, the waitress (not Annetta) was very kind and polite, however after I ordered a drink, Annetta had to pipe up "You ask about specials and all you order is a F*&$ing Heineken? Jesus!" 

Unfortunately nothing was done about this woman last I checked. Steer clear of the place and that wretched woman's attitude.
2 ships for the unique interior.  Ships adorn the walls and you can sit comfortably in one of the several red pleather booths.  If I was to dine here again, I definitely would have parked my rear in the bar.  That place was semi packed with locals enjoying an early dinner and beverages.
Village pub is great. Their menu is basically American and Italian with some old english fish and chips thrown in the mix. They really do have the best fish and chips in town. They have daily lunch specials with great prices. I have never had a bad meal here. The other reviewer who gave a bad review to Anetta may have took things too personal. She is always happy and nice to everyone. She doesn't take any crap from idiots though so if you can dish it out be prepared to take it. She has never been mean to me and most of the regulars come there just for her.
I like the atmosphere...limited selection at the bar as far as drinks go.....fish n chips is really good...buffalo chicken wrap is quite tasty as well. I will have no problem going back to try other things from the menu :-)

24/7 steak special is my go to dish here lately.... hits the spot!
very nice.
I eat there all the time! Good food, reasonably priced.
If you want to cut the shit and have a great, cheap meal this is the place. Kelly is my favorite server, she greets us with a hug every time we come in (we go there a lot) and lets us know how she is. Most servers truthfully can't stand their regulars, but she's actually genuine. 

It's dimly lit and quiet and OFF THE STRIP. Every time I pick somebody up at McCarren I take them to Village. Sick of noise and douchey Vegas types? I know my guests will be in a matter of hours after checking into their hotel, so I do them a favor. I first take the to a place where they can relax, and hear the people around them. Tough to find in this town. 

I always get the apple pecan salad - it comes with two really big slices of garlic bread so I don't feel all "healthy". (My parents come to visit from Chicago and have a fit when I order a salad, like I'm all "healthy" and "not eating")  Onion rings are the best skip the sweet potato tots for those instead, california burger, awesome. Meatloaf special on Wednesdays is spectacular. Oh! And the chicken penne. Get it with extra cheese. 

The Flamingo location is my favorite because of Kelly. It's worth the risk of walking through that parking lot at 1a.m. Whenever I go to the sunset location I feel like I"m bothering the people that work there because I want to order, and their always either under staffed or the staff is fighting. Awkward. But I love this place and the food is the same at all of the locations. Hope this helped.
Good food at great prices with friendly service. Open 24 hours. Check out specials on board at entrance
I have eaten at several locations around the valley and this one is no different. Slow and inconsistent service, over cooked food, and the atmosphere of a dungeon. 
I ordered the fish and chips, which were reasonably well priced at $9.99. After waiting for the cook to fly to the coast and catch my fish, I finally got my order (about 25 minutes), I got a plate of over cooked, dark brown batter balls. The fries were cooked well but the fish looked and smelled like it had been cooked in grease that was a month old. The batter was very thick and the fish inside was VERY dry. Dipping the fish in Tatar sauce, I was able to eat a piece of fish but could not do any more than that.
Overall, NOT a good place to eat. Bad service, bad food, and a bad atmosphere. 0 for 3. Try it for yourself and kick yourself later or read my words and avoid a bad meal and bad experience.
Open 24/7 with Ribs available every day? What more could you want?
Lori makes the best bloody Mary's and my husband keeps going back for more.  Everything is great here.  Good food, good atmosphere, and close to my place.  Don't really go out as much as I used to but this place is very low key and the cooks know what they are doing.  I like the fact that it is an older crowd and ordering food to,go is not that big of a hassle.  Everyday there is a a special and on Thursdays it's the best because they can take the corned beef and make you a Reuben.  Good breakfast specials as well and you can either sit at the bar or one of their comfy booths.  It's so good in fact that almost every time I walk in there is either a small crowd or cops on their lunch break enjoying a sandwich.  All in all, great food, good beer, and Lori's bloody Mary's.
I went pt's pub first. I played video poker for $1.25 per hand for over an hour. After losing $100, I changed my betting amount to 50 cents per hand. When I changed my betting amount to below $1 per hand, they started charging me for my beers. On top of that, they didn't have a kitchen to order food and they suggested I order from the pizza place next door. I settled up my tab and left. 

I decided to go Village Pub instead. This was a winner. The food was terrific, the machines were fair (I broke even) but most importantly, the service was exceptional. I need to mention my bartenders Lori and Kelly were terrific. Both of them were extremely friendly and attentive. 

I'm in town for march madness with a bunch of friends and I plan on taking the fellas to village pub for a few drinks. 

If you ever have to choose between pt's or village pub, go with village pub. They remind me of the old vegas. They take care of the customer and offer fair comps without nickel and diming you to death.
Well, about 10 minutes after our arrival we finally got our server. 

I feel the bartender was far to interested in her patrons at the bar to be bothered with even mentioning our server would be with us shortly and if we even wanted a menu. This, Lori (bartender) seems to lack the full spectrum of customer service.

We received our server who was pleasant and did apologize for the wait. 

We ordered the Fish n' Chips and each got ice tea. 

The ice tea, was amazing. Fresh, not too strong nor was it week. Very refreshing. 

The fish and chips, while yes they were not light and golden as they should be, they did not taste like old over used oil. The fish itself was light, flaky and beautiful in color no fishy odder but did have a slight fishy taste. I thought it was me but my lunch partner also noticed. The chips are nice country cut potatoes fresh out of the fryer and were as tasty as to be expected from French fries. 

Outside of the wait to be addressed and the slight off taste of the Fish not a bad experience per se. I Will although continue to visit the Sunset location.
Cheap cheap and cheap! The average beer of their brew brand is $3.50!! The menu of food looked tasty too but we didn't order any. If you are looking for a hip and fun environment this isn't the place. It is a chill local spot with cheap drinks and friendly service.
We had a great time here. The restaurant on the second floor had the cheapest steak and eggs in town and the strawberry shortcake special was outstanding. Don't miss out on eating here, you will love it. Also the casino is good, they gave us cash back up to 100 dollars of losses on slots the same day. I don't think I have ever seen this before, it was very convenient. I didn't stay at the hotel but we had a great time here and I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and some risk free slot gaming.
Dump

I was scared for my life, You would be hard pressed to find a place more scary and sketchy in Las Vegas...

I had fun playing Bingo, but when we were leaving, I thought I was going to get shot as a police situation and manhunt was unfolding in the casino as i walk out the door I see two guys urinating in the bushes and one vomiting just steps from the police car... 

My first time playing bingo since I was a kid, if i have to deal with this scene no thanks...
I was rolling over 3 stars but figured 2 would do it more justice. We spent 2 nights here and I tried to stay in the room as minimal as possible. 

Review is for room only... its very rundown looking. Those flowery cheap curtains that match the bed sheets. Restroom was very confined. My car trunk seemed bigger. Not that I have used it as a restroom or so. 

Aside from the room... everything else is just just average or below. Valet dude was polite. Insisted on tip even tho he never parked our car. Parking lot is pretty big, always found a good spot. Front desk guy was cool... however offered no help on whats going on ON the Strip as far as shows an attractions goes. FAIL! 

2/5 because I have had MUCH better. Esp in Vegas!
The hotel is actually motel style, but I'm not picky. All I ask for is a clean room with a comfortable bed, and that's what I got. The shower is an enigma to figure out, though. I stayed at Arizona Charlie's for an entire week and I left the place still unable to figure out how the hell the shower works.

Also, the in-room wireless never worked, but at $12.99 a night it's not really worth it anyway.
Me and my friend came into town and stayed here. We couldnt beat the deal we got on expedia including the flight. The room was exceptional. Had a Couch and Bed and Tv in one room. Then the other room had a bed and tv. The buffet isnt the biggest but the price is good. Loved the Cafe and Shortcake and steak was good and a great price. Security roaming around kept things quiet. Not far to the strip. A 7-11 is right around the corner. Played in the Bingo hall and had a blast. Will recommend all to stay here who dont want Strip prices but a great place to lay your head and eat. The pool was fun too.
Where to start with this place...

If you're looking for something DIRT CHEAP... This is not the place to go, because frankly, for the price you get here, you can find better places closer to the strip, if that's what you're after.
Now, I actually got to stay there for free but I'm still going to nit-pick everything for your convenience. 

1. Site said they're pet friendly, so we brought our small dog. Pretty much the deciding factor why we chose it... When we arrived at about 5am to get our room, we unloaded into the room, and finally bring the dog in. 5 mins later, their little downs syndrome security guard on his bicycle came pounding on our door saying they saw the dog on camera and that we're not allowed to have dogs here... Ugh, wtf? Your site said animal friendly.. So fk you guys! We put the dog in the truck, and surprisingly enough. We were harassed for about 2 hours by their security talking about the dog. They sat in the room above us, and continually circled our truck looking inside? Who the fk do you think you are? Harassing your customers and making them feel like criminals over a damn dog.

2. The rooms are not what the site says. There are no kitchen areas, no fridges.

3. The shower and toilet had a disgusting black residue all over it. Do they even hire cleaning maids?

4. The beds are god awful as far as comfort. At one point I took a pillow and laid on the ground... To my disbelief, the ground smelled like feces... Could this place get any worse? YES IT CAN!

5. During almost every cigarette break I took outside, a hooker either walked by or drove by looking for the room she was called to... So yea, if you're looking to be around that kind of stuff, this is the place to go.

I would give this place 0 stars if possible... They're lucky to even get one... This place is the biggest joke I've ever seen in my life... Frankly, I'd rather stay in a Motel 6 than ever even thinking about this place... Avoid at all costs. Don't even consider. No matter how cheap their rooms are, remember, it's Vegas, there's a hundred places that are just as cheap and better quality.
This review is for the casino only. 

I had a lot of fun at the casino and although I didn't win much, my grandmother did. There is a large selection of games to play, your "typical" casino, I guess. 

The service people were nice, however, the cocktail waitress hardly ever came by. Also, one of the supervisors at the desk was rather...blunt, to put it mildly.
No hot water, soap that doesn't lather.
Got a "Suite" for about $40 for a Monday night (after tax, No Resort Fees!), very roomy.  Couch and TV in one room and a TV in the bed room.  It was a steal on the surface, but no frills.   However, only one TV had a remote (Bed room), no big deal so I told desk clerk at check out a remote was missing, she said no problem.  TV sets were early 90s vintage but got about 30 channels.  Also, walls were thin and you could hear noises at night from people in other rooms so it was tough to sleep. Shower and wash room was basic, not unlike Motel 6.  Can't comment on gambling or food, did neither there, just stayed the night.  No line at all to check in and clerks both check in and check out were very nice.  Only about a 2-minute walk to casino, enter rooms from outdoors.   Not too far from strip or downtown or east side casinos.  Adequate when you don't want to pay strip prices; classic case of you gets what you pays for.
Arizona charlies is dirty and disgusting. The buffet and coffee shop and steakhouse all suck. The place is filthy and smells. It's all garbage people that go there and there is no class there. That place is for white trash people and should be imploded.
We stayed here for 3 nights at a great price ($133.00) we got through Expedia. Check in was fast and friendly but upon check out a small problem arose with my deposit being returned. Alfter a couple of phone calls, this problem was fixed and I recieved my deposit. The woman handling this issue could have been a little more friendly in my opinion, after all it was their mistake. The room was big, comfy and clean with a seperate livingroom area. Nothing fancy by any means, a little outdated, but it was clean.The only thing I didn't like about the room was that the sink is right next to the bed. There is a 7-11 around the corner and I always saw security roaming around whenever we were coming and going which was nice to see.
The buffet was horrible. We ate there once for dinner and once for breakfast. The prime rib at dinner was decent, the made to order waffles at breakfast were cold and hard, as was most of the cafeteria style food they offered. The service was good and friendly.
The casino was nice in the fact that it wasn't overly crowded, had a good variety of machines and paid out decently. The beverage servers were non existent.
This place is about a 10 minute drive from the strip. I would stay here again for the price and accomadations but definately eat elsewhere.
Returned over the holidays and was very pleased.  Front desk was very very helpful over the 4 days and 3 nights, room was very clean and spacious and this is the best value for a room in Vegas I think (just over $40 a night with taxes Mon-Wed before New Years).  Buffett was good, virtually no lines.  Gambling wasn't very good, but that really wasn't hotel's fault, casino is not very big but is perfect size for a small property.  Security was always around, either walking or on bikes.  You can hear noise from nearby rooms.  I would still return.
Avoid at all costs!!!
I would like to point out that I grew up in a family that worked in the service industry (I was even a busboy at the age of 12) so I am very sympathetic when things don't always go as planned when dealing with any service industry. But this time I have to come out "Guns a Blazing" to help you avoid this dump. 

1. Family Friendly: I would say NOT!!! We went as a group; 10 families for a softball tournament in Las Vegas. We were told we had to stay in this hotel otherwise we could not be in the tournament. (Letter of complaint to the ASA Las Vegas Tourney's on the way). This place is not kid friendly or even family friendly at all. The only location to go as a group to is the swimming pool. Even though you're as quiet as a ghost, security show's up to kick you out of the pool area promptly at 10:00pm. There is no other location for families (groups) to mingle unless you want to go to the smoke filled casino.

2. Room's: Bring your own cleaning supplies and leave the kids outside while you clean the room. The rooms were non-smoking and didn't have the dingy stale smoke smell many converted rooms had. We were in building #3 room 2312 and the floor (carpet) was filthy and in need of carpet replacement badly. The Bathroom needed a deep cleaning in all areas. The rooms in my building was actually two rooms a living area with twin size bed that sat 3 feet off the floor and the master room with a queen size bed right up against the sink....Yes I said "sink" that was in the master bedroom. It turns out that the bathroom is so small that they couldn't fit a sink in it, so they put the sink up against bed. So if your laying in the bed and it's time for someone to brush their teeth, your getting a shower. The windows in our room were so filthy you could barely see through it. The lighting in the room is very bad, so during the day you open the curtains for a little light and all you see is dried pigeon poop on the outside of the window. Not all the windows for all rooms were this bad...just mine, probably because it took a ladder to get to our second floor window and no one is that motivated. For some reason the TV in the living area was a tiny 22" tube television and in the master bedroom the TV was bigger...don't ask me why???
The room air conditioner is seriously old school. There's a hole cut through the wall from the living area into the master bedroom with a pipe stuck through that comes out directly behind the TV in the Master Bedroom for ventilation. This thing is "LOUD" and rattles like a fright train. If it wasn't for 10 years of sleeping on an Aircraft Carrier, I would have gotten no sleep at all. Yes...I slept in the living area where the air conditioner is because my kids couldn't see the 22" television or hear it because of the air conditioner. 

3. Exterior of building: They use natural earth tones to paint the building...but I can tell you it's been many, many years since they painted it. Every wall in every location has black scuff marks everywhere you look. It's like they had fifty 7 year old's pumped up on pop rocks and cola riding bicycles without training wheels for the first time. 

4. Pool: The pool is too small for the amount of people Arizona Charlie's can handle. I already told you they shut the pool down promptly without question (no one was even swimming in the pool). The first day we were there the pool needed a good skimming, but the second day when all the softball teams had arrived, they had to shut down the pool because the water became very cloudy. They drained half of it and then refilled it...it still look cloudy so we went to a friends hotel and used their pool. 

5. Casino: Your everyday locals smoke filled casino. Crowd was mostly over 65 and lived nearby. I did have one of our parents win $1,000 at the black jack table on a side bet...but it took her 30 minutes to collect her money because the pit boss didn't know how to make the payout. All the pit boss could say was: "no one has ever won that side bet before."

6. Restaurant: We ate one night at the restaurant (I don't remember the name). They were running a $15.00 dinner special we tried it and it was okay, nothing overly fancy and the food wasn't special at all. I will say that Tommy our server did an exceptional job and we really enjoyed his service. When my wife's seafood plate came out well overcooked like sole of boot when she asked for rare, he had no problem letting her switch to the beef dinner special. Tommy was great!!! the food was just okay. 
We didn't eat in the Buffet, even though I was looking forward to trying the breakfast there. Prices were fair $5.95 for breakfast buffet (with players club card) but one of the parents put a bad taste in my mouth when she said; "Look how they clean our rooms, are you going to trust them to cook your food also?" Needless to say we went to Denny's for breakfast and I never saw the buffet line the whole time we were there.
This place is low priced. There was no resort fee, so the price on orbitz.com for my two night stay came out to $53.00 and change with tax.

It's not like many other places that entice you with the  low price in vegas, then in very fine print state a mandatory resort fee or internet fee must be paid upon arrival. (That is what happened during my last stay in vegas at one of the "Station" resorts, my resort fee was more than the actual room cost!)

The place is laid out somewhat weird, the hotel rooms are located behind the parking garage in what looks like a run down housing project. Don't let the exterior fool you, the inside was about as clean and maintained as a more expensive place. The notepad next to the phone (which came complete with some else's math equations) indicate that it may be owned or operated by the same people as the stratosphere.

If you are in Vegas for work, and not fun, it is a convenient place to stay, as you don't have to walk a mile to get to your vehicle. If you have a work truck of some sort, you can probably park close enough to see it from your room.

I booked the room with a single king bed, but was placed in a room with two full size beds....not a big deal for me...


(edited review on 07-04-12, to change "palace" to "station" as I don't want anyone to think I was referring to Caesar's Palace. I also didn't want to mention the name of the other place, as this review is not about that place, but I guess I just did!)
I stayed here because it was on labor day weekend and i was attending my cousins wedding on the strip.  The strip hotels were over $200 a night so I could only afford a hotel in the $90 range on the weekends.

The room was big, nice, comfy, casino was good, resturant was good, free wifi.  The BAD PARTS is its in a sketchy hood. It's an outside hotel. Casino is seperate from the hotel.  It seems like a really trashy truck stop place, and i could hear the people having sex in the room next door, and I mean everything from the sound of the neighbors tv, toilet flushing to them having sex on the table. TRASHY!  I did tell the management and they gave me a refund of one of the 3 nights which was nice
This place offers some of the best room rates anywhere in Las Vegas.  I had to stay in the area for a month and a half so this place really was a fantastic find for that situation.  The casino and food were not very good quality but the room was perfectly decent for the price and MUCH better than anyplace else you would find at their prices.  If I were just coming into town for a quick trip or vacation I would certainly recommend staying at one of the nicer places on or near the strip but for long term or if you need very cheap accommodations this place is fantastic for the price.
You never know what you might get for an off-strip place but the rooms were better than I expected. Cannot beat the price for what I got. The rooms were remodeled; I could smell the fresh paint when I checked in. It had new carpeting. Check-in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. The casino is small and seems to cater to locals. Very chill.
If you like "Locals Casinos", AC's is fairly decent. There's a large array of penny machines for those who like 'em, and quite a few table games. The dealers are fun and friendly. Could use some more quarter and dollar machines, though.
When I first moved to Vegas a few years ago, I had to wait a few days before I could move into my place.  And, I didn't want to stay at the Budget Motels... for obvious reasons.  So, I looked into hotels near my place and ended up choosing AZ CHUCK'S.  The hotel is not attached to the casino.  It has a small pool, which I didn't use.  The room I stayed in was actually pretty nice.  It was a one bedroom suite and it was quiet.  That is all that I was looking for when I ended up staying here for that time.  The Casino over the years has seen some renovation.  It is a nice little place with its' clientele being an older crowd spending their retirement money.  

They have a couple of restaurants upstairs, The Yukon Grill, Sourdough Cafe, and the Buffet.  Downstairs they have a couple of fast food places.  

My reason for checking into AZ Chuck's was to go to the Sourdough Cafe.  So, you can check out my review there if you like.
I don't really like diners and buffets but a friend had been going to this place for too many years for their steaks and Sunday brunches. I went & tried both and was very pleased. Worth more than what I paid yet that is not a complaint. The brunch has a  great meat selection (steak, roast, fish), omelets made to order, mimosas!, and more... the diner steaks are nice portions with huge portions of eggs and potatoes... The staff are super friendly and attentive yet do not disrupt the meal. Fun
4 dollar ham steak and eggs with hash browns and toast served all day is a deal worth driving for. And $1 Bloody Marys and Mojitos is an added bonus. Make sure to order the eggs country scrambled, they know how to cook them. Can't review the rest of the menu but this breakfast and drink special is old Vegas relived. Enjoy!
Had family visiting from Europe, and they selected this place for price fitting their budget.  We joined them for a few days.  Price affordable, yes.  Rooms were clean, and beds fine.  TV's older style.  Casino was next door.  Mostly seniors and locals, but everyone friendly.  For low budget needs, this place was fine.  If you want glitz and glamour, you will have to go to the strip and pay the price.  Exceptional staff members in Sourdough Cafe were our server, Stephanie, and Fadia, in the small gift shop did a great job.  Greg Peterson Band, in the lounge, was very good, but no audience.  Maybe because we were there on weekdays.
This is a nice place off the strip.  The rooms were fine.  What they really need to do is power wash all the sidewalks and lower portions of the buildings.  That little effort would really improve the impression of the place.  My biggest complaint is their hotel check in and check out.  They have a lot of hotel rooms and only 2 stations to check in and out of your room?  Really?  Do they really not want hotel guests that badly?
I had stayed at the other Arizona Charlie's location on Decatur on my very first trip to Vegas back in 2004, and it was great, so I figured I couldn't go wrong with the Boulder location. I am a member of the players club, which covers both Arizona Charlie's locations as well as the Stratosphere, and responded to a direct offer I had received from them which gave me an upgraded suite for the price of a standard room.

Check-in was very rapid, and I was especially appreciative of the check-in clerk.  I was having a problem with my debit card at the moment - it turned out the company had put a temporary block on it for suspicion of identity theft!  Fortunately, I got it all straightened out, and the front desk clerk swiped that card about 10 different times over the course of an hour without even frowning. That takes alot of patience - you don't often see much of that in the customer service industry anymore. Thanks again!

The property differs slightly from the Decatur location, as all of the corridors and buildings are outside vs. being enclosed. The decor of the rooms is a little more Mediterranean vs. Southwestern, as the Decatur location is. The suite (I believe it was a Standard King Suite) was very spacious, two televisions, extra cold air conditioner, very good water pressure, and lots of closet space.  The bathroom was a bit small, but no complaints.  This property was originally built as a group of extended stay suites that wound up going bankrupt, which might be one of the reasons the rooms are so big, and come with a good value.

The pool and hot tub area was small, but more than adequate, and not crowded at all.

The casino was great as always - lots of the newer multiline penny machines, but unfortunately, almost no old-skool 3 reels.  The Sourdough Cafe was teriffic. Be sure to check out the Steak and Egg special, it's one of the best, and has won several awards in Las Vegas magazines.  

One thing to make note of is that this particular neighborhood is not the most glamourous - you'll see alot of drug dealing and prostitution from here to the Budget Suites a couple of blocks down the road.  However, I can't fault the hotel for this.

Overall, a teriffic stay and I'd recommend it to everyone. Remember, you won't get the glitz and glamour of the Strip in some of these off-strip casino hotels, but it's been proven that places like these are far superior in customer service and higher casino payouts. The room prices and friendly employees can't be beat. Give it a try!
The breakfast buffet offers a good selection and is reasonably priced. The service this morning was excellent. I go here 3 to 4 times a month and will continue. Omlettes and eggs cooked to order and fresh made waffles. Under $7.00.
Can't really give any casino five stars because, let's face it, they are out to rob you blind. 

This is for the Cheesesteak Grill. Some of the best tasting, best priced cheesesteaks in the city. And now they have a few new offerings. Mmmm mmmm 

Only negative, the will not sauce your wings. Boo.  Un-sauced wings?  I won't eat them.
On the one hand; the staff was nice, the room was good for the price, and the rooms aren't attached to the main casino- it was nice being a bit apart from all the dinging slots. On the other hand; woke up at 7 am to pounding on my next door neighbors door, and an officer yelling "SECURITY, OPEN UP NOW!!!!". I couldn't tell if the people hanging around the place we're homeless, or guests ... everyone seemed to be in some stage of inebriation or undress ... but then again, it is Vegas.
I prescheduled a post wedding dinner on April 6, 2014 for 24 guests at the Yukon Grille located within Arizona Charlie's Boulder Casino.  Some of the reviews suggested that it is located in an unsavory area of Las Vegas but our entire group found it quite acceptable.

A quick walk through the casino took us to the restaurant on the second floor.  I had read that you should not prejudge the Yukon but wait until you had experienced it for yourself.  Those reviews were "spot on."   It boasts an elegant, quiet, subdued atmosphere with an extremely competent and friendly staff.  Our visit was pre-coordinated with Debbi Lewis, their Food & Beverage Director.  She greeted us when we arrived and had two large tables waiting for us.  She kept close eye on us the whole evening to ensure that we were enjoying ourselves and that we received everything we ordered.  

Tom was our very knowledgeable and friendly waiter with assistance from a young lady.  (I was negligent and forgot to get her name).  The food was perfect and instead of delivering individual meals they used a two tier cart to deliver our soups, salads, and entrees to everyone at the same time.

I am a very picky person (my wife says "an anal retentive perfectionist") so I want everything to be right.  To go a step further, if I go to a restaurant and their restroom is not top notch, clean and well kept I usually do not go back.  I feel that this is an indication of how the restaurant management attends to detail and feels about their guests' total experience.  The Yukon restrooms were excellent to the point of being elegant.  Since I selected this restaurant for 11 of our family members and 13 of the bride's family (whom we had never met) I wanted this evening to go perfectly.  Debbi and Tom made sure of that.  

The thing I dreaded most, after setting this up, was the post meal plebeian ritual of everyone putting in 80% of what they think they owe and the sap who collects the monies (ME) gets to pay the shortage out if his own pocket.  To eliminate this hassle Debbi offered, and provided, separate checks.

Last but not least Debbi scheduled taxis for our return trip to our hotel.  Some of us were parties of five so Debbi had to make sure that the taxi dispatcher sent vans and not cars.

I know this has been a long review but when I am the recipient of an "over the top" experience I like to reward those who provided it.

If those who rated the Yukon anything less than 5 stars they should check the sign on the door because they were NOT at the Yukon.
Would of given it Four stars but couldn't believe no free wifi...they charge you $11.99 per day for wifi, come on in this day and age not to provide free wifi that's a good reason to go elsewhere.
RV RESORT REVIEW My wife and I stayed her for three days in April 2014.   First off,  we called ahead and asked if our four Chihuahuas would be a problem.  They said if the dogs were well behaved it would not be a problem.  So first positive,  while they say they have a two dog limit,  if your dogs behave they will let you stay with more.   Do not lie to yourself about your dogs behavior,   do not screw it up for the rest of us,   if your dogs do not follow commands and behave,  do not push the limits.     The pads are concrete which is nice.  Level which helps level the unit.   We had a 27 foot travel trailer and this was the easiest leveling job we ever had.   That is the second plus.    The dog run was OK but small.   We had to wait until those with big dogs to leave before we could take our Chihuahuas in.   I would have to say that is the first negative,   they need two dog runs,  one for each size.     Driving in was easy,   the turns were easy and  space was good.   I have recommended this park to a friend as a good place to locate,  close to down town and the strip.   I would say it is not so hot for families with small kids.
Stayed here for EDC Friday night to Monday night. We got our hotel for a really cheap price for a decent hotel room. We got a room with a king bed that was separated from the other room with couches and a tv. Which was perfect 'cause it allowed the sleepy heads to be separate from the people who were awake. Downside was that the bathroom and sink was on the bedroom side, but we managed. The bathroom vent was really loud, so it may have woken up my friends a couple times.

The room wasn't massively huge or anything, but it was a decent size with a decent amount of floor space. The bed took up most of the room. The couch and the furniture in the other room could be moved to make more space for 4 or 5 people to all lie on the ground comfortably.

My friends thoroughly enjoyed the $5 steak and eggs. They would order two plates per person. I don't like steak so I got to enjoy the farmhouse special or something with was bacon and eggs for about $3 or $4. Also enjoyed their $1 mimosas!!! 

The service was ok but a bit slow. They seem to be understaffed, because there's only one person working the reception during non operating hours. Check in is around 3 pm, and check out is around 11 am, so I think around those times they will have 2. 

Whenever we wanted something we had to wait for awhile to get it. We wanted towels, but because we didn't want to wait, we went to get it from the pool instead. The pools is nice and modest, this hotel is nice and modest. We're not complaining for the price. 

The employees are friendly though.
On a night of drinking and gambling at GVR there was no better place than Village Pub!

Build Your Own Burger medium-rare, roasted poblano peppers, swiss cheese, Dijon mustard all on a garlic sourdough bread with steak frys make for a hearty meal, I was only able finish half of this 1/2 Lb. Delicious Black Angus Beef burger.

Barkeep was friendly and conversational an over all great place to visit, so much so that I kept on drinking forgetting that I was only there to pick up some grub. 

So was I just drunk? And maybe the place really wasn't that great? NOPE

I came back for a late lunch the next day and once again it was a hit (service and Food) with nice sized steak and eggs with some home frys and a bloody marry to take care of that hangover.

I don't have any thing bad to say about this particular location, so if your in the area and your hungry and or thirsty stop by.
Cheap awesome fish n chips. That's all I have ever tried there and that's all I will probably ever try there. Place always looks like a retirement home. It's got bad 80's coffee shop motif. But like I said, for great fish n chips for like $8, you can't go wrong!
They serve great fish and chips here, not as good as I've eaten in northern California, but definitely--so far--the best I've had in Las Vegas. Also, they make an outstanding chicken pot pie. I definitely recommend both these dishes. A friend sampled the chili and told me it  was OK, though definitely not anything special.

This particular location also serves other draft beers aside from the Ellis Island brews, which lack the robustness of really good microbrewed beers.

All in all, a good place for a pint, some fish and chips, or maybe a chicken pot pie.
Good local pub, excellent prices
I really enjoy this place! Every time I come here I get great service and my food is AWESOME! Keep it up!
Exactly what I wanted...yummy fish and chips, 2$ hefewiezen at happy hour and excellent service!
Excellent fish and chips, spicy fingers and burgers.  Great, attentive service.  We eat there often.  

Warning:  The fried chicken is the worst I've ever eaten.  Over cooked, dry and coated in a dry sand-like substance.  I should have sent it back.
good place to eat.
Wings anyone?  Yum yum. Got very WELL DONE the way I asked for them with extra ranch then a killer burger.  All was hot and properly prepared. The staff and bartender were hella cool. Not a lot of peeps but gaming was hitting for me. I made serious wins. Ok family,  I will buy you more than a card for Christmas.
Ok so I waited at the sign that read "Please Wait To Be Seated." So I waited and waited, it was a good 10 min. before someone came out to greet me. If they were busy I would understand, but I was the only one there!! So that out of the way. The food is not bad and reasonably priced. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt that the initial problem was a one off and won't happen again. So I will give it another chance. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Service was very poor for us. I think the problem was that we drink water with our meal. Therefore, they don't seem to come around after we get our food. They surely do cater on the drinkers. The steak was to be done med rare but it was cooked totally done not even a pink center. What a waste of our time. Never again. And we didn't leave a tip coz of the poor service.
I'm not sure that's it's fair that I review this place, because we didn't actually eat here. Heck, we didn't even sit down. We walked in on a Friday night around 7 for dinner. Inside smelled like a hospital and when we found our way down the hallway, there were probably 6 tables out of 30 filled, and everyone there was eligible for a Medicare card. 

We didn't stay.
This is my favorite location. The chicken parmesan is killer, the steak fries are great. The salads are great too. We never disliked anything here. The fish and chips are good. Every day there is a special, they got the meatloaf and it was huge. And it was about 7.99 or something in that range. The pot pie is good, The menu is just good meat and potatoes American fare type of food with some fried items, burgers, salads, and some Italian.
 There is also a nice cheap breakfast here too.
 A great casual place where you can sit and talk for a bit. Generous portions for the prices, also offer smaller lunch items too. And you can eat for under 10.00. The gambling is all sectioned off to one side so it does not interfere with the dining experience. 
We never had any issues with service here either. Pretty good considering how bad service can be in even the fancy places in this city.
 If you are looking for a hip trendy place this is not for you. If you like big paintings of old ships and dark red walls and corned beef and cabbage then you'll love it. :) 
 The seating is mostly size friendly. The bathrooms are clean at least when I go. :) parking is easy.
This place isn't for everyone, but the more laid back & possibly the more mature crowd should like it.
We stopped in for lunch to try a new place.  I've seen these chains around town and finally had the chance to try it.

We were seated immediately but brought breakfast menus.  Well, it was lunch time.  We had to ask her for the lunch menus.  Not a big deal but strange.  Our drinks were brought out quickly as she took our order.  They were pretty busy sometimes our drinks were empty.

It wasn't too long a wait for our food to be delivered.  I tried their Club House Sandwich with steak fries. The sandwich was loaded with turkey, bacon and the fillings.  It was fine.  They steak fries could have been cooked just a bit longer.  Many of my fries were a bit soggy and didn't really feel the urge to finish them.  

Overall the service and food were just ok.  I'm not in a rush to hurry back to try them again.
Food was not bad, but not really good either.
I love this place normally... However our server Leslie did not care at all about customer service, she was in a hurry the whole time and the place wasn't even busy. She did not even come over to fill our drinks or even for us to ask for a napkin. Very disappointed and this will probably stop me from coming here again
Came here early afternoon last week to catch a World Cup playoff. Sat in dining area which had a nice flat screen TV.  Ordered fish and chips and a Newcastle.

Waitress was very pleasant and efficient. Food arrived promptly and highly recommend the F&C!  Newcastle was frosty cold, served with a chilled glass.  

Nothing not to like here!  I'll be back!
This Village Pub is one of the nicest of this small Las-Vegas based chain of pubs.  Both ordered easy over eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and wheat toast.  This restaurant is a few steps up the food chain from Ellis Island which it shares common ownership.
The Village Pub is a fun little Pub on Eastern Ave.  This Las Vegas based chain of Pubs offers great breakfast specials and good drinks 24 hours.  The Pub itself has the feel of a TImber's lodge or Sierra Gold more than your neighborhood Pt's.  Overall, a nice place to stop in and grab a drink.
I have been a village pub customer since they opened in 2005. The food used to be good and inexpensive. They used to have the best lamb dinner on Sundays. Now the food sucks and is expensive and they got rid of the lamb dinner. This is the location on eastern and wigwam. The service is now awful. Chantel the manager is awful and rude and phony. The whole place has gone downhill in the toilet!!
We always get good service here. I don't remember her name but we usually have the blonde waitress and even when its busy she keeps it handled. 

Mom and I usually get the steak special but I haven't had anything bad here.  I have tried the chicken fingers, potato skins, breakfasts and brownie dessert. Everything has been a win so far! The prices are good and I never leave hungry. 

This is one of my preferred bars to munch at. :)
I asked the front desk manager at the Hampton Inn if there were any good restaurants near by. Travis recommended The Village Pub just a short walk around the corner. OK. The Village Pub is in an old strip center. It is so totally non descript from the street that I nearly walked right by it. It is an old, creepy red leather,  red carpet pub divided in to two sections, the smoking, drinking section and the non smoking restaurant section. I sat in the restaurant section. I asked my server what their signature dish was and without hesitation he said the fish and chips. That is what I ordered along with a glass of merlot. I know, I know you are supposed to drink white wine with fish. I was in a creepy old Las Vegas Pub so I took liberties and ordered red. The fish and chips were delicious and I am not kidding! The size of the serving was crazy big. The clientele was interesting. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience at the Village Pub. If I stay at this particular Hampton Inn again, I will come back to the Village Pub for the fish and chips.
Better than average food for a bar.  Good prices, especially for their specials (some of 'em not advertised).

Steak and Eggs breakfast is specially priced before 11am on weekdays and before 2pm on weekends, but their coffee sucks... really bad.

Orange Roughy is great.  They also serve the best fried chicken in LV, however I'm not sure they sell it anymore.

Service is haphazard... which isn't a bad thing.  The same waiter that serves you probably won't be the same person that brings it to your table.  It's more like a team than an individual server.
I've only been here for lunch. When I went the place was a ghost town. I almost decided to not go in, but I'd heard people say the food was good. 

They have a small lunch special menu from 11-2 that has 4-5 items to choose off of. Most are moderately priced at $5.95. 

I selected the taco salad. It was good however there was nothing special about it. It was a nice portion and tasty. 

The service was very nice and prompt. I have nothing negative to say about the restaurant, just nothing stood out to make me want to return. I wouldn't refuse a return visit, however.
John and Rachel are wonderful here. Food is delicious and service is excellent. Prices are great also. Jamie is also very good as well. Brandon is great too
Regular visitors for years. Food only for us...no machines.  Like the room and the food. Must be good value as it always filled with seniors.
I've never lived in Henderson/Green Valley, but have been to a couple of the village pubs around town. I've never been to any more than once, but it always seemed to me they were dark, and the bartenders were always incredibly attentive. They have microbrews on tap instead of standard fare, but I can dig it. The food is mostly great! I haven't had anything bad, just one dish was kinda oily. They have $2 happy hour specials, half price apps. I don't know about the restaurant, but in the bar area, everyone has been ridiculously good looking. When the cooks come out to serve me my dinner, I start drooling for reasons unrelated to food. ;) And if you're into machines, it seems to be pretty good. They've held onto some of the OOOOOLD school Gamblers Bonus machines.  You can bet up to 100 units on the blackjack and double down on things other than "11", so that's super dope, if you're into that. It's definitely an older crowd too.
Vegas has the advantage of giving us Two Worlds. One is the world of the Tourist Elite; The finest hotels, clubs, amenities, entertainment and dining are all here for them... and we can enjoy some of them on occasion to "splurge". The other world is our  world; The "Locals" World. Casinos with better deals and smaller lines. A room for $30 when you don't feel like driving home. Fremont Street when the Circus isn't in town. Bars and clubs with 1/2 off specials and table/bottle service that doesn't cost a car payment.
 And a 24 hr bar/ fine enough dining venue for a 24 hr person. That place/s is the Village Pub.
Their Steak and Daily specials are not to be outdone in price or quality. The room gives you a "Classic Vegas" feel with big red booths, wood trim and a service that makes you feel like you ARE the Big Wheel in the room.  The sports bar is sealed off so no smoke to affect you. They have locations all over town so there's always one nearby. And the prices? The way I eat (BIG)... you can sit , eat well and enjoy for what you would be paying at McDonald's. Nuff said.
Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...
Best ribs around !!  A lot easier than going to Ellis Island !!!  Staff is great too !
From the staff to the "regulars," this is by far the best place in town. The food is terrific, the staff (particularly John, the manager) treat you like family, and you can't beat the value.
Try the cobb salad. It's fantastic. A bit dreary inside, very dark, but the food makes up for the lack of atmosphere. Great place for breakfast too.
A great local place. Ok so its a bit dark, but the prices cannot be beat $12.99 for a rack of ribs. They also have one hell of a happy hour! 1/2 price drinks that are already cheap as the dickens and half price appetizers. Give this place a try instead of fast food. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
A family friendly bar with seperate dining, great food, and great prices. Love their dinner specials!
The staff, the food, the gaming... It's my favorite spot... A nice reminder that there is a home away from home and it's just around the corner.. My favorite bartender is Jamie! The Thursday night girl.. She keeps it clean and fun and always has a recommendation that suits the chefs eye! This place will always hold a special place in my heart that makes my mundane 9-5 just a bit more tolerable.. Thanks for everything Village pub. You're the apple of my eye!!!
I have been to The Village Pub at this location several times.  I'm not quite a regular but I'm close to being a regular.  I always eat in the bar area even though I don't smoke because of the big screen t.v.'s.  It doesn't matter what shift I walk into the place on the bartenders greet me by name and by the time I have a seat at the bar my drink is waiting for me.  They remember what I eat as an appetizer and how I like it ordered.  I have had several items on the menu and all have been really good.  As far as bar food goes this place has it right.  Great food very good pricing and most importantly an amazing staff that seem to be happy at work.  A few food items I've had and loved the Chicken pot pie, chicken wings, philly steak sandwich, and the breakfast special.
Our second kitchen. We are here at least once a week. The food is great at most Village Pub locations, but this specific one is special. Kathy the manager really cares and is sure to welcome new customers and stop to chat with regulars to make you feel welcome. The service is consistently great, and a lot of the staff has been there for years so you know it's a good team. The prices are very reasonable and the ribs are back to normal and are excellent again! I also love the Village Pub Chicken, the Pot Pie, the Buffalo Chicken Wrap, the Club Sandwich, the Steak & Shrimp, the Ham Steak & Eggs, the Fish & Chips - oh and the burgers. The burgers are so good. ...and now I'm hungry.
Low Prices

Big Portions

Good Service

GREAT FOOD!!


We never leave Vegas with out stopping at any of the Village Pubs.


They are all Outstanding!!
Good food and good prices. We go here when we want comfort food. They serve generous portions. I usually can only eat half of my meal and take home leftovers. The breakfast is really good. I love their breakfast potatoes! The chicken pot pie is delicious! I have never had a bad meal here. They have daily specials that are a great deal!
The Venetian's Paiza Club is the most exclusive casino in Vegas.   Also known as the 36th Floor, you need to have a cool mil on deposit to even hang out here.  We got to check it out, thanks to our amazing host at the Venetian, but Paiza is like everything you needed and wanted all in one place.  Private gaming rooms, 24 hour chefs at your becking call, a luxurious lounge, and a huge dining room to enjoy some great food.  
Take your Gulfstream 5 to Vegas, have your host send a car, and enjoy the casino as youre supposed to, not with the other bottomfeeders who have to wait in line to get into a club.
Many of the high rollers (especially Asians) prefer to gamble in private. Nevada law is built on public gaming. A few years ago they changed the law to permit these private clubs. The initial rules involved a $500 minimum, a $1 million dollar credit line and a direct video feed to the Gaming Comission, including pan and tilt to look at your hand.

These rooms have suddenly become slightly more available. The Gaming Commission just lowered the amount required to get into one. You know need a mere $300,000 in credit to play. Also the minimmum bet of $500 has been eliminated.
You know you have arrived as a VIP when you step into the Paiza club. You need a one million dollar credit line, to play here. I had the opportunity to stay in the paiza suites for one weeks time. 3 bedroom suites, Karaoke room, excercise rooms. Bottles of Louis XIII in the room ready for me to drink. My week consisted of Gambling everyday, clubbing everyday, messages everyday. 24 hour butler service. Shark Fin soup every morning when i woke up along with the Chinese delicacy birds nest soup. 

You probably can't stay here betting 500 a hand, your looking more at $5000 a hand for 8 hours a day of baccarat. Can't go wrong when your playing with that type of Moolah. 

Love the food, love the casino.
I've been to The Paiza at the Venetian but a few weeks ago, it was my first time at The Paiza at the Palazzo.  Both places deserve 5 stars for the food and customer service.

I went with my mom and sister for lunch at The Paiza and all the food that we ordered were presented well and it tasted great.  The shark fin soup was made well with the taste of the broth just right.  The quality of the shark fin was superb as well.  

The raw geoduck was made well.  You can't really make geoduck wrong, especially since it's raw, but the quality of it is what counts and it perfectly fresh and crisp.  For dessert, we had the bird's nest with coconut, which if you like both of those items is definitely something you should try out.  The sweetness of the coocnut complemented the bird's nest, which of course was also of good quality.

In regards to the customer service, it was absolutely fantastic, especially since there weren't very many people around at the time we ate.  If you decide to go for Chinese food and you're at the Venetian/Palazzo, you should definitely try to eat there.
This is an exclusive club where high rollers, primarily aimed at the Chinese clientele, can eat, drink, and gamble.  It is the secret dining/gambling club in Vegas.  

You can only get in with large deposit and/or a word from your handler/host with a reservation.  You can only get up there with a special elevator card key as well.  Once you arrive, there's special doors without signs or any indication of the place.  When you finally walk in there's a simple counter with a host waiting to accept your reservations.

Once inside, this plush but not overly fancy area features a lounge area, a gambling area, and a few private rooms for dining.  I was told that the dining and kitchen is open 24 hours a day.  You can order anything from the menu at all hours.  The menu is primarily Cantonese cuisine.  The food was some of the best Cantonese Chinese I had ever had.  On top of that, there is a great liquor selection, at no charge - including some fine single malt scotches.  

I was told that the Macau equivalent - Paiza Club is 4 or 5 times larger than the Las Vegas one.  I assume that there are more high rollers out there.  

I was fortunate enough to have dinner at The Paiza with some friends.
It was about dinner time one evening as I talked with several people about a new idea. Some of these friends wanted to head up to the 36th floor at The Venetian. The 36th floor was accessed by a VIP representative from the hotel, as a digital key was necessary to access it. The Paiza Club is THE quintessential big time player high-roller lounge. I asked another VIP host, as I entered, about some stats. She said that there is a dining room with 34 seats. There are three private chefs and 24-hour butler service here as well. This is a place I could get used to! The host also mentioned that one would need a million dollar credit line to have access to this particular ultra private club.

The view alone from my seat reminded me of watching one of the new Ocean's movies. I was in a high-roller suite recently and this view of Las Vegas could quite possibly beat it. One of the acquaintances I was with just nodded at one of the assistants, one of about 30 people working in the club, and they promptly brought over several tasty snacks. The first snack was a perfectly seasoned edamame. The second was a dried wasabi pellet mixed with cashew nuts. I've never had this kind of snack, so good! I didn't eat dinner here as I didn't want to overstay my welcome but the drinks couldn't have been refilled fast enough. The butler staff didn't hover, they just knew when the drinks would be empty. The staff always stay visible, but just far enough away not to be heard. There were a few LCD screens around with various games and shows.

The Paiza Club is geared towards the Asian high-roller and may or may not include the kind of luxury or style that one may be used to in Europe. I've also heard that The Paiza Club in Macau, China is several times larger. Enjoy your time here, as it may not come around often.
The Paiza club in the Palazzo on the 50th floor is as good as it gets. We had a private room for dining and had the option of ordering anything, as long as it was Asian food, on and off the menu. I wanted some eggs and they provided it, done with a 5 star flare. I asked for Vietnamese Pho and they provided that as well, which amazed the hell outta me because I thought Pho stew had to be made 12 hours in advance. We asked for Johnny Walker Blue Label and it was brought to our table. As a matter of fact, we asked for bottles of the stuff and they gladly obliged, leaving it there and asking if they should pour it or if we will. The orange juice was fresh squeezed as it was ordered. Luckily for them, I didn't want apple or watermelon juice. 

I would quote some prices but I can't remember any. I just recall the Blue Label in the price range of $450-550. Some of the entrees were up in the hundreds. 

Pros: Everything. The service. The food. The shark fin soup that I thought was noodles. 

Cons: None. But if we had to pay for it then the con would be the price. 

Other thoughts: I will be rich one day just so I can enjoy this type of lavish living all the time. But then again, I'd probably die early if I lived like this all the time. Too rich for my blood. Pun intended.
I've dined here a handful of times.  Yes there is butler service, and what seems like a private chef for your party.  Mention any type of "asian" cuisine that you are craving, and they will whip it up for you - with a gourmet twist.  I think last time I was there the chef was experimenting with coffee crusted sweet and sour shrimp.  Sounds strange but it was DELICIOUS.  The service is impeccable. This place is the epitome of high-roller status in Vegas.  Both clubs at the Palazzo and Venetian are excellent.  Private dining rooms w/ flat screen TVs - humidor cabinets filled with countless cigars to choose from.  Hmm is that a cuban cohiba I see?  Maybe not.  Oh and the view of the strip from the 36th floor ain't bad.  Yes - you need a minimum of a $1,000,000 credit line to have access to this club.  Sweet.
Had dinner here last night for first time. Service is second to none. Awesome privacy in either the eating part or casino section. For me the food was a little to Americanized for me.
Exclusive, high end, invitation only. I had the opportunity to be invited to this 50th floor dining restaurant.

Food is excellent, private dining, all accommodating to the fullest.

Special thanks to Palazzo host Winston Weiis.
You can only understand if you have been there.  The best Asian food ever.  The service makes you feel like you are a MILLION DOLLAR PLAYER.  The ambiance, the view, and the people are amazing!!!!!!
This is Village Pub's newest location, tucked into a little center with a taco shop and a storage facility on Bermuda between Pyle and Cactus.  (The address on their website gives you the wrong area - the address I've given is correct.)

The food here is great - MUCH better than you'd expect from a pub.  It's always plated very nicely, with garnishes and finishing touches that you wouldn't expect at this price.

This place is famous for their fish and chips, and with good reason.  Three HUGE pieces of fish with a mound of fries that's easily big enough to share.

They always seem to have a couple of steak specials in addition to their daily specials.  I've never had a bad steak (or even a mediocre one) here - always tender and juicy, and cooked just perfectly!  On our last visit, my husband tried the Pub Pot Pie - a hulking puff pastry covered crock of chicken-y goodness and vegetables.  It was absolutely amazing.  According to their website, they're introducing new menu items at this location, but the regular menu is still fabulous.

This is the kind of place where you'll get to know your server over the course of the meal and probably the folks next to your table as well.  The food is better and the prices lower than other pubs in this area and the atmosphere is more like a restaurant than a bar.  The service is always attentive and friendly, and I doubt that will change much once the word gets out and this location gets busier.

In the meantime, Village Pub is high on our list of favorite places to go when we want a great meal close to home.
I live Walking distance from this place and have driven by on my way to and from work everyday and there always seemed to be lots or cars in the parking lot. So i kept telling myself i would go check it out. So last night we decided to go out to dinner and a drink and I figured what better way to do it than going to the village pub. 

As soon as you walk in there is a restaurant type dining area to the right and the bar seating to your left. We walked in at about 6:50 and happy hour apparently ends at 7:00 but the bar tender gave us all happy hour prices on our drinks which is $2 beer and $2 well drinks as well as $2 off all appetizers, which is a sweet deal when the most expensive app is like $6. We tried the stuffed potato wedges which are delicious, my wife ordered the Fish and Chips and I ordered the Pub burger...

As for the fish and chips..... " WOW"  absolutely amazing. Definitely not the type of fish and chips you expect in the middle of the desert. 
The Burger was also Very Very good, cooked exactly how I asked and it was very tasty.  This is now a go to place, we had 2 drinks an appetizer and 2 meals for $26 and won $25 on the keno machine at the bar so in all reality we payed $1 for an amazing meal.  Oh and i almost forgot, they have a 24 hour full menu... SO if you are thinking about getting some food late The neighbor Roberto's is not the only choice..
Every meal I have here is good.  I love the pancakes and breakfast burrito.  The staff is very nice and helpful (love Donna Jo), the service is great and the price is right.  :)
OMFG, one of the best steak and eggs I have so far. The best part about their steak and eggs is that it's 24 hours! You don't have to wait until midnight.
I've heard about this place for a couple of years and finally decided to try it yesterday. I was jonesing for some fish and chips and these didn't disappoint. Loved that the server offered me Malt Vinegar without asking. I ordered a side salad and it was very reminiscent of the kind I used to get at the local diner in high school, 100+ years ago. I am looking forward to going back for breakfast and can guarantee that it will be better than my recent experience at Ihop(sigh.....)
Love this place! Food is Fantastic and the Bartenders are very friendly! The only downside here is the winnings! Not enough for sure =)
I dont live too far from The Village Pub.  It's nestled in between a 24-hour taco shop and a storage facility.  It promises video poker jackpots and a friendly atmosphere.  Needless to say it's not overly inviting from the outside - but proximity as well as the opinions of fellow Yelpers finally convinced me to try out this nearby restaurant.

As with most local bars, you can choose to go into a restaurant portion or the bar portion of the building.  The restaurant is smoke free, and although this location is relatively new, the restaurant interior suggests otherwise.  Everything is clean and in good condition - it just looks much older.

We went for dinner on Saturday night and there were only a few other patrons seated inside.  There was no hostess stand or any sign directing us to seat ourselves.  The waitress walked by where we were standing, even said hello, but never told us to seat ourselves.  Not a big deal, just a weird interaction.

Having read the reviews on Yelp I knew what kind of menu to expect.  I knew I wanted a burger and I knew DC was going to get the fish and chips.  We also decided on a pint of EI beer and the sweet potato tots.  The waitress was very pleased with our tots selection and really started raving about them.  When they came out, they were served with plastic tub of syrup - our waitress said the syrup took the tots to a whole different level.

She was right.  Seriously.  sweet potato tots may hold the key to world peace.  They were hot and sweet and savory all at the same time.  They had the right amount of crunch and were not greasy at all.  These would be great for breakfast, great for kids as a side dish, and definitely great at 3am after having a couple beers at the bar next door.  

DC loved his fish and chips.  Three giant pieces of cod that were seriously fresh.  DC marveled at how good it was, and he was disappointed that he was served more food than he could comfortably fit into his belly.

I ordered the Southwest burger, which was topped with sauteed onions and jalapenos, cheese, and guacamole (also chipotle mayo, but I opted out).  This burger was massive, hot, and delicious.  Mine was cooked a little more well done than I asked for, but I'm not overly picky about that.  The burger had serious spice from the jalapenos, but it was fantastic.

Overall, the food was far better than the exterior of the building suggests.  The price was ridiculously low for what we got.  Our waitress was very friendly, even though a little awkward at times.  

I can't speak to the rest of the Village Pub locations and the quality of their food, but if you're ever down in this part of the Valley, stop in and get some exceptional food at a fantastic price.
The bartenders are really friendly and the cesser salad was really good. They add extras like tomato, onion and avacado. The happy hour special was $2.00 a drink.  Seriously,  for a little local gaming pub near home, it is a nice little find.
I love coming here for their breakfast. Their menus won't show it, but they offer "Steak & Eggs" which consists of two eggs, steak, choice of toast, and potatoes, all for $6.99. Your wallet and stomach will be happy, trust.

Pros:
- Steak & Eggs*. Great value for your money.
- Video poker machines at the bar.

Cons:
- Ambiance can be a bit depressing in the breakfast hours. I don't know about their lunch and dinner hours though.
- A few miles away from the Las Vegas strip.

*Steak & Eggs is not to be confused with "Ham Steak & Eggs"
Close to home (for me, at least) and CHEAP!  If you're a food snob, you will probably leave unsatisfied, but for the price, you can't beat it.  

I went on a weeknight with a girlfriend and the place was empty aside from a few people at the bar.  I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy (my favorite breakfast food) because I would like to know where I could satisfy the craving close to home and it was HELLA cheap.  

Although it was cheap, I just couldn't stomach it.  It had a weird flavor and weird texture.  I really enjoy a thick and creamy gravy with a TON of sausage (there was barely any sausage in the gravy, but that's a norm for most restaurants- I'm not giving 3 stars for that) and this gravy certainly is thick and creamy, so I was excited when it arrived at the table.  I cannot describe the flavor, it just wasn't like any sausage gravy I've ever eaten (restaurant or at home) and it was a little gritty- almost like there was too much flour or something?

I also ordered the Root Beer (whatever is on the menu- I have no idea about it's name), which was pretty delicious!

Service is pretty friendly and quick (except the waitress seemed a little annoyed that we took so long to decide what we wanted to order...).  My only real problem with this place is the smoke.  When you walk in, you practically walk into an ashtray.  The stench of stale cigarettes is strong, even when there aren't any smokers.  Is this a ventilation issue or just life in Las Vegas?
Great staff.  We love Paul.  I've gone to this place for years and it always is a great place to play video poker and drink.
Didnt go into the restaurant section, but hung out in the lounge for a few hours with friends after eating sushi at The Ka in the same shopping center. It was smoky, and like a tiny casino. And everyone there looked like they went there to die, probably the oldest crowd I have seen in a bar in Vegas/Henderson. The bartender was very nice, and even cracked a few jokes with us. Best part....cheap drinks. :)
I just ate here for the first time. It's an ok place as far as 24/7 gaming lounges / restaurants go. But the main reason to go here is happy hour.

For happy hour, most of the appetizers are half off, and drafts beers and margaritas are $1. So it's a pretty good deal. The food itself is just average. Similar to what you could do at home after shopping the frozen food aisle. But with a group of folks sharing 4 appetizers, my total was just $4.50 - and you can't really beat that.

When you walk in, there's a lounge section and a restaurant section. The restaurant section is just booths and tables. The lounge section is the main bar (with video poker, of course), a few rows of slot machines, and it is all bordered by a line of booths.

There's nothing particularly of note here. No interesting decor of unique quirks. But if you are short on cash and in the area, the happy hour is a good bang for your buck.
I used to frequent here a lot when i lived down the street but quit going a few months back after the service just became so bad. It didnt matter if i was the only one  there, it took forever to get drinks and service and a few bartenders acted like you were a huge nuisance being there. Plus, the place isnt near the deal it was a couple years ago. Most all of the food and drinks have gone up in price. The food quality has detoriorated also. Like someone said, this place caters to the VERY old who come here to literally die. There are a lot of chronic gamblers and heavy smokers so the place is almost impossible to breathe in. Its best attributes were during football season when it ran good beer specials and appetizer deals. Not even sure if it does that anymore. The TVs were of poor audio and visual quality also.
I have been here several times because my parents walk here to gamble and eat. This place is what other yelpers have commented " a place to die ". 
The food is terrible in my opinion.  
I ordered a chicken sandwich and only ate half my meal.   The bartenders are nice and their service is decent.  I just can't see anyone under the age of social security collection enjoying themselves.
I was staying at the MGM Grand this past weekend.  I was playing poker for most of Sunday, but around noon I needed a little something something while waiting for dinner later that night.  The Stage Deli was right there near the poker room and there's no line.  Close and easy, two of my favorite characteristics of a restaurant.  So I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich.

The sandwich was expensive - nearly $8.00.  Kind of to be expected in a casino.  OK.  I can deal.

I'm not sure I would actually call the meat inside the sandwich chicken.  It was some sort of processed, white, rubbery chicken imposter.

((pause))

I paused for a few minutes to think of some other substance on the planet that I could liken this chicken to, and I can't.  It must be from another world.

It was absent of any flavor, and had it not been for the lettuce, tomato and mayo i put on the sandwich, it may have been one of the least flavorful lunches of all-time.

The sesame bun wasn't very fresh.  It had that "I've been sittin out for several hours" taste to it.  And the pickle that accompanied the "sandwich"  wasn't cold and fresh; it was luke-warm and limp.

A complete let-down.

To make matters worse, the girl who took the order barely stopped talking in spanish to her cooks standing a few feet away.  I ordered and she talked right through the order.  Pretty freakin' rude if you ask me.

I'd choose 0 stars if it was a choice.  Stay away from Stage!
I ate breakfast here twice during my stay at the MGM Grand. Sure, it was overpriced, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a casino? My bagel with egg, cheese, and ham was fine, nothing special, but nothing disgusting either. I also had some nachos as a snack. Again, fine.
I enjoyed my Stage Deli sandwich. It was a bit pricey for a sandwich ($8 bucks) but what isn't in Vegas. My brisket was soft and juicy and the best part, no line.  Nice alternative to the MGM food court when you need something pronto!
It's a starbucks type spot, but selling sandwiches. Bad ones too. I rather eat Subway across the street. The sandwiches are overpriced for what they are. Reminded me of those cold pre-packaged airplane sandwiches. Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed. I wanted to ask for my $ back.
OMG if i could give this place a negative star i would. $8 for a turkey sandwich which consist of 2 slices of bread,turkey meat, and lettuce.Pickle on the side and a packet of mayo. 7-11 makes better sandwiches.So disappointed.Subway was so much better.Went to panda express afterwards (food court next to M&M world) and was more satisfied and cost even less.Pay $2 more for a footlong at subway or go to food court.Can't believe this place stayed in business.Never again.
I ate here 2-3 times. It's convienently next to the Poker Room and the service chicks bring you the food. The sandwiches are HUGE and great too. Easily better than any bullshit deli's I've eaten at in Denver.

The Pastrami sandwich is a MONSTER!
Hmmm... a wanna-be NY style deli in the casino.  Overpriced?  Yes.  The food?  Surprisingly, not bad at all.

Came here around midnight and I ordered the pastrami sandwich.  I didn't expect much but the sandwich is pretty big, on rye bread, and the pastrami itself was pretty good.  Lots of fatty pieces but I didn't really care at the time since I was so hungry.  It's about $10 for a sandwich with... nothing else but at least it was good.

Stopped by here the next morning for breakfast.  They have Krispy Kreme donuts there for $1.  Overpriced donuts, but I didn't feel like spending $5-8 bucks for a breakfast sandwich hahah.

Overall, sandwiches aren't bad.  Pretty good for a quick meal right on the casino floor.
A cheapish option inside MGM, that serves basic interpretations of new york deli favorites.  Pastrami was pretty basic, and the accompanying pickles (at least you get two spears) were pretty sad.  The Reuben had the thousand Island on the side, which I hadn't seen before, but is a trend I hope more places embrace.
All in all there are a bunch of good places to eat in mgm, but not too many places for people on the budget.  They don't serve food here, they serve fuel to keep you going.
Bleh. Meh. Pff. Overpriced low-quality diner food. Think Denny's quality with a 300% markup.
For Vegas, this is probably the best deal on snacks you'll find.  Big sandwiches, bagels and lox, fresh bananas.  Decent food, prepared well, and priced no worse than an actual deli in NYC.  Why?  It's next to the sports book at the MGM Grand.  They don't want to old guys betting on horses to leave their seats.
I have to stop by this place each time I'm staying at the MGM because the corned beef sandwich is just delish! The corned beef is soft and moist. I like to add cheese and coleslaw to my sandwich. Although the coleslaw lacks a lot of flavor and could definitely be better, the quality of the corned beef makes up for it.  It conveniently open late so you can come here after a long night of gambling, partying or what have you. The service is super fast! Within minutes, your order is ready for pick up. The downside is there are not many chairs and tables so sometimes you may end up sitting in those cubicles in front of the big sports televisions.
Very limited menu for deli connoisseurs. There are no knishes or latkes here. But, don't let the other reviews fool you, what's here is damn good (if you crave pastrami and matzo ball soup that is). Believe it or not the pastrami is some of the best I've had in town  (nice, spicy and moist) as is the matzo ball soup (great garlicky broth with thick chunks of chicken, celery and carrots). Plus, it's open 24 hours, so come here when you need to sober up!
Not sure on all the over priced comments.  For a mid priced strip casino, quick service eatery, I found it plenty reasonable.

Feeling hungry and in need of a fast bite before a few cocktails, this place was perfect. Two of us got out of here for under $15.  Nothing fancy, but quick and simple, albeit some communication confusion with the staff.

We shared a corned beef sandwich on rye and a salted pretzel.  The corned beef was drier than I've had, but pleasingly thickly sliced and layered on heavily.  The sauerkraut helped overcome any dryness, it was a pretty good sandwich considering it's casino location.  Pretzel was a pretzel, just fine.

The only drawback is it sits behind the sports book, and has just a handful of tables and chairs open to the book/casino/random passers by.  But that's no biggie, you grab your snack, chow down, head on your way.

And seriously, if you are in the MGM and want to eat quick the prices are completely reasonably,
Shruggin' my shoulders at this one. Typical sandwiches here but pricey ones. It's tough at the MGM to get something decent to eat with spending more than 20 greenbacks.
I'm with Stuart M, I don't get all of the over-priced comments. Its VEGAS, everything costs a little more. I was actually really happy with my experience at Stage Deli. Its located near all of the action in the casino and its fun to people watch while eating a quick lunch. 

My boyfriend and I split the Reuben on rye with a side of potato salad. We also ordered two drinks and only spent $15. The Reuben was delicious, I couldn't have been any happier with the sandwich. The potato salad was also excellent and made a filling accompaniment. We left with full bellies, wallets intact. I would recommend Stage Deli for a quick and reasonably priced lunch.
I don't know if it is because everything tastes good after you've been drinking, but I really liked the food that I got from here. I ordered a Reuben, and it was incredible. It was the most expensive sandwich on the menu, but came with a lot of meat and was very flavorful. The dressing came on the side, so I was able to put exactly how much I wanted on top. 

I also ordered a side of potato salad and a Dr. Brown's Ginger Ale. The potato salad was better than average. The Ginger Ale tasted too 'dry' for me, and I would have preferred Canada Dry. 

The service was a bit of a challenge to deal with. As I was ordering, the clerk would yell over to the cooks item by item. My order could have been taken more efficiently if she would have listened to my whole order and then told the cooks what to prepare. It took a lot longer to order than it should of, and she was already taking the next person's order before she gave me my receipt. 

I did like what I ordered though, so I now know where to get a quick sandwich when I'm staying at the MGM Grand.
This deli used to be much better.

The only thing I ever order from here is the corned beef, which used to be less dry and a little tastier.  The last few times the quality has decreased.  The rye bread and swiss cheese that you put it on are good enough.  The cole slaw is an unusual color and processed.

This is a great place if you are staying at the MGM and need something FAST or LATE.  They are open 24hrs on weekends, and close very late on weekdays (I think 3-4am?).

They also sell fresh Krispy Kreme donuts, a plus for the morning if you're on your way out.

If you're a corned beef fanatic, you will enjoy this place enough.  Otherwise I can't strongly recommend it.
Points for being quick, relatively inexpensive food that's open late, but the tuna sandwich was very lackluster. :(
Went there and ordered a pastrami sandwich thinking it would be good. I was with somebody who ordered a regular sandwich, and I ordered the "New York Size" for an extra $3. Thinking it would be one of the large deli sandwiches I was used to, I was greatly disappointed. When the food came up I could not tell which sandwich was the larger one. The pastrami was not very good. It was warm but unflavorful and dry. My sandwich was not very big either, and the pickle was not good either. Like the sandwiches, the drinks also are way overpriced. I do not recommend eating here; its bad overpriced food.
A breath of fresh air after five days of eating big, heavy, expensive meals.  I got the Reuben and a side of potato salad it was pretty damn good.  My boyfriend got the pastrami and was pleased to see them freshly slice a huge slab of steaming meat.  Not a bad deal for $20.  We dipped into the Grand Canyon souvenir/junk shop to get some chips for our meal.  Sides and drinks were a tad overpriced.

Not the biggest selection of sandwiches so if you're a picky eater, you may not be too excited about this place.


Four stars for reasonably-priced and not being deep fried and greasy!
good place to grab a cheap breakfast sandwhich and coffee if you do not want to spend a fortune on breakfast. Kind of an algternative to starbucks but with breakfast sandwiches. Husband had matzaball soup and said it was good.
I was trying to find a quick place for breakfast before I left to go to the airport.  This place sounded like a good idea - hot toasted bagel with ham, egg, and cheese.  The egg was a pre-formed piece of square that they pulled out, put a slice of ham and a slice of cheese on top... then stuck in the MICROWAVE.  Ugh.. at least they toasted my bagel separately.
OK, but would not try again.  Ordered a ham and cheese sandwich on wheat bread, with chips and bottled water.  Total was $12+.  The sandwich itself was incredibly ordinary.  It did come with crunchy dill pickles, which were nice to chomp on.  They did not ask if I wanted my bread toasted.  

Limited seating.  I sat in the sports book area adjacent.  

Accepts credit cards.  Had a few other sandwich choices - Reuben, pastrami, turkey.  A pre-packaged salad.  Krispy Kreme Donuts.  

BOTTOM LINE:  No thanks.  I like the sandwiches from 7-11 better.
This review is mainly for the coffee here. This was the best priced place I could find inside of MGM to get coffee. They have a Starbucks as well, but the prices were over the top even for Starbucks and usually a long line. I lose enough money in the casino so I am not about to pay $7-$8 for a cup of coffee. There was usually no line here and service was fast and efficient. I did try one of their pastrami sandwiches late one night and it was pretty good. A little dry, but the pastrami had good flavor and the portion was generous. I would definitely visit this place again if in need of a quick snack or coffee. It is about the best deal you will find inside the MGM.
Great for quick sandwiches on the go or before a game. Smoke in hotel really kills it for me.
The sandwiches have a ridiculous amount of meat in them. I got the roast beef and it was really bland.
The Stage Deli in New York closed a few years ago, so it was a pleasant surprise to see the name in the MGM Grand.

Among many high priced restaurants, the Stage Deli seems like a reasonable choice. In any other locale it might be considered overpriced. Neither of us was particularly hungry, and we were planning on meeting up with relatives so we wanted something quick. 

There are tables, but there is no table service. The menu includes the typical sandwiches - corned beef, pastrami, etc. They have other typical deli fare including soup. Kerrie and I shared a Matzo Ball Soup and fresh fruit. On the menu, which we didn't get, were various Dr Brown's sodas.

The soup was outstanding. The fruit was okay. I really wish they offered table service.
Sandwiches are just bread and a few slices of meat, not worth it for $9. Pretty subpar
Small little deli next to the sports area. I was feeling under the weather and wanted some chicken noodle soup, they didn't have noodle, but they did have chicken soup and the cashier was like "it's good, lots of chicken." The sign also said home made, but when I paid for it ($5) it came out in one of those black cup of noodle bowls, and tasted less stellar than the ones I'd get from a can of progresso or campbells. While the chicken itself was actual shreds of chicken, there wasn't a lot. Also the chicken soup came with a matzah ball which is like a dumpling ball.
Surprisingly decent food. I've almost mistaken this place for a Starbucks several times and finally decided to give it a try one night after Hakkasan. They have quite an interesting selection of food ranging from deli sandwiches to Krispy Kreme donuts. Tt. I've had the beef brisket sandwich and clam chowder; both of which satisfied my hunger quite well. The best part about this place is that the service is extremely fast.
If you just want a quick bite to eat then this is perfect spot. They are not open late so get there before 7:00pm
The meat is decent but it's way over priced for the sandwich you get. I mean, I know it's supposed to be "fast" but this just sucks. I wished I walked out to the strip and just went to mcdonalds.
perfect mid-night snack the pastrami was great price was fair for a Vegas casino, I like that i ddint have to stand around waiting 20min for a sandwich the had it ready in less then 5min and thats with 15people in line ordering before me..
Ate the summer barley soup. $5 for a good sized bowl of warm goodness smack dab in the middle of the casino? Let's not get too judgemental, people. That's a good deal for a meal literally steps outside of Hakkasan to end your drunken night of shuffling and/or fist pumping.

There were plenty of veggies, chicken, and barley (duh, it's called barley soup)... And I liked it! Can't speak for the rest of the menu, but I'm a soup gal. I probably wouldn't order anything else anyway.

Haters gon hate.
A fine little music venue, though word has it that it's closed now. The guy who books and promotes for the place is real super cool, the bar has a decnt beer selection, the live sound is great, and the stage is pretty cool too.  Oh, and you can gamble on poker machines and whatnot if you wish.  Sorta off the beaten path, but good place to see a show.

UPDATE:  It's closed.  :(
i remember hittin this place up for sunday skooliln... dope vibe, cool cats and fresh performances... i wouldve never found this place without my local connects, thats for sure... peace to the DZ kings...
Wow! The inside is so beautiful, the staff is so friendly, got my ice cold beer promptly and the gaming machines were HOTT, people were winning left and right! Definitely my new favorite bar on the north side!
Dark, cozy place tucked away in a almost deserted shopping mall on Simmons and Aliante parkway. They have 2 and 5 cent blackjack games. Awesome!!!!! The bartender is very nice and accommodating. Her name is Alicia. The menu looks promising. They have a players club. This place may just be my new hangout.
I've been here three times in the last week and a half.  I have to say that I like it here.  It's been quieter two of the three times I went (weekdays), but I went on a Saturday and it was pretty busy.  I think the poor cook is all by himself in the back because it took a little bit for the food to come out; every time we've come here, he was the one who was bringing out he food, not anyone else, so I think the fellow's alone.  It's not a big deal, though.  The service is good and the staff is friendly.  My boyfriend and I started coming here after having not such a great experience at Sierra Gold further up north on Aliante Pkwy.

I've had "Our Best Burger," the chicken parmesan (dinner and sandwich), and the fish and chips so far.  All of them were good, but my favorite is the chicken parm.  I thought it was neat that they slice the chicken up for you, too, haha (I uploaded a pic).  [Edit: found out that there is another cook (he has a ponytail), but we've only seen him twice.  The one guy we always saw before cuts the chicken up for you; this other guy doesn't.  Not a big deal, but I found out why my meal came out different a couple of times, but still delicious every time. xP]  My boyfriend found the chili dogs to be disgusting.  If I recall correctly, he was given two and he only ate one and a third because he couldn't stomach them anymore.

The only thing I don't like about this place (and other places I've been to here) is that people smoke indoors.  I just moved to Nevada from NJ and back at home, no one breaks this law (in any establishment I've been to), so this is the most second-hand smoke I've had to inhale in years. :(

As much as I like it, I'm considering not going as often.  I'm already a non-smoker and prefer to date non-smokers.  I can find other places to eat and drink without having to put my health on the line, too.  Having to wash my clothes after visiting because I smell like an ashtray is also getting annoying.

Other than that, though, I like this place.  Good service, good food.
This is a pretty nice neighborhood joint.  Pretty typical - but nice.  Stopped by and found some nice happy hour specials.  $5 appetizers and cheap draught beer.  Mostly a gaming establishment but it is a good place to throw a few beers back!
Cool bartenders. Awesome wings. What else do.you want?
i have lived down the street for years.  been stopping in on and off since it was called Quarters.  once 5 Star took over it has gone even further down hill.  the bartenders change every 3 months.  have run into a few good ones, but some are just terrible!!  if they didn't have golden tee I would never go back.
This is a nice place, close to where we live (close enough to walk home if we had too much to drink) and they have the best happy hour. Their HH is from 2pm until 7pm and 1am until 5am. Long Islands are $4 during happy hour and the bartenders make it nice and strong. All other drinks are half off I believe. Nice, casual spot to just go grab a drink and/or a bite. The potato cheese soup is to die for, I get that every time; my husband loves their chicken strips. Bartenders and the cook are very friendly.
This place is great. My wife and I often frequent here and enjoy the intimate atmosphere. The food is better than what you would expect from a normal bar.

 My wife and I have tried their potato cheese soup as well as their chicken wings and chicken tenders and all I can say is they are way above the average bar food.

 The staff is friendly and best of all its right down the street OHHH and they have a bitchen 2-7pm happy hour.....pretty sweet!
It's bar food all the way. Was yummy. Service was slow and the room was filled cigarettes that is. Had the soup ad it was okay. My husband had a Ruben and it was greasy but delicious.
Great food!
Food:  Had breakfast.  Probably the best bar breakfast I've had since Timbers closed in the area.  Large portions and very dlc ions.  Try the French Toast.

Price:  Really reasonable.  

Staff:  Attentive and friendly.

Ambence:  Has a smaller feel, but nice.

This will be my local bar go to.
Had a very good breakfast at a very reasonable price.  Easily one of the best bar breakfasts I've had in ages.  Looking forward to trying happy hour.  We need good businesses in this area.
Excellent food & good prices! We had breakfast of chicken fried steak (sure looked and tasted fresh, not frozen), largish and yummy, and bottomless pancakes, also large and very good.  Friendly service. The food, as others have noted, was served by the cook, who was a nice guy. Good find!
Good, affordable eats!  Especially enjoy the breakfast menu there.
Friendly wait staff, upscale decor, the front of the bar does not do it justice at all, had I known this bar would be this nice I would have visited it sooner! The food was great and the prices were reasonable :) tons of tv's to watch the games but not too overwhelming which is great if your going in to grab a few drinks and enjoy a date night. I highly recommend this bar!
Hubby and I went here on Saturday evening around 8 pm for dinner.  He ordered the steak and eggs and I ordered the steak dinner.  Service was pretty good, however we seemed to have to wait awhile for our food.  We were the only ones in the dining area.  The chef ended up bringing out our dinners.  While the food tasted good, mine was a bit on the cold side.  Steak was warm, but veggies and bread were straight up cold.  I think the waitress/bartender was busy, our food sat and the cook finally brought it out.  Anyway, overall good food, great coffee and we will be going back.
Don't let the outside of the this establishment fool you- a great local bar with really great food! My husband and I were shocked at how good the food was and the price tag did not break the bank. The portions were generous and there was a really wide selection. 
Loved that this was a more laid back atmosphere- I didn't like that our waitress also worked behind the bar. Since we were sitting in the dining room, she had to man the bar so she didn't have a lot of opportunity to check on us. But overall a great place to have a quiet affordable dinner with the family and still get very high quality food. 
Try the appetizer platter "All In" - amazing!! Chips and salsa + 2 sliders + Chicken tenders + Buffalo wings + Mozzarella sticks!! WHAT?!?! 3 - 4 people could share this easily.
Gawd Awful!! So apparently blondie behind the bar doesn't know how to make simple cocktails, she poured half a container of cherry juice in my Manhattan. Last I checked Manhattans don't usually come with half a glass of cherry juice. Secondly, she made us move over into the corner because her bar was 'filling up'!! There's like 6 people in here?! Seriously?? We obliged and it was for ABSOLUETLY no reason!! Where we were sitting remained empty!! It's fine to hire cute bartenders, just please make sure they know how to bartend.
I always love getting off work and coming to this bar to gamble. Plus the food is very high quality and never disappoints. Megan behind the bar makes the best cocktails and is always making sure my glass is never empty! Love Five Star Tavern! Great job guys
Great/friendly staff.  They introduce themselves, as you become a regular they know your drinks and machines you like to play.  Arguably the best happy hour in North Vegas on food and drinks.   Not a gambler, but the slots seem to be pretty loose.  You tend to see people winning pretty good pots, as high as 15K.
After reading the reviews I had to check this place out.  I like that they greet everyone that walks in.  Nice touch that seems to be forgotten these days.  I sat at the bar and Mark quickly came over to introduce himself.  Asked if I was hungry and made a suggestion of the Beef Sliders.  They were delicious.  Food was priced good and the beer was nice and cold.  Mark and Alisha (sp?) always checked to make sure I was taken care of.  Great local bar. Also I think it's cool that the owner actually reads these reviews and responds.  That says a lot.  Keep up the good work... I'm hooked :)
Not a bad place but not the neighborhood bar we were hoping for. Shots are expensive and measly, obviously not measured to the ounce. If I'm paying $7 for a shot, I'd like what I pay for. Happens every time we try this place even with various bartenders. Lesson learned. The candles also give me headaches.
Not sure what has been going on behind the scenes but the 5 Star quality is slipping. Old familiar faces are disappearing as well as the drink quality and payouts. Last time in my wife threw a 20 in a machine and we ordered a Jack&Coke and a Jameson-Sprite ,11 bucks for two drinks was a bit steep considering my wife was playing. We wondered if any booze was poured in the drinks at all. New bartenders could be why but a poor drink should not be poured!   We have been regulars for over 2 years and it is losing our go to bar status.
Knock knock 5 Star management.......what happened to the quality fun bar? 
Bit of hope here....a couple of the original bar tenders are still there and they are awesome, Meghan and Carrie plus the food was still great as of our last visit sometime in mid April.
So every time I'm in 5 star tavern it's been a good experience. The food is priced right and the BEER!! Oh yeah can't forget that they have it. Along with the sports it's quite a man cave if you ask me.
I haven't been to a lot of casinos, but it didn't take much to figure out that this one is nothing special.  If you want penny slots, this is your place.  If you want video poker, any sort of table games, or anything else, keep looking, because you won't find it here.  The ENTIRE place is penny slots, dime slots, quarter slots, etc.
I thought Ho-Chunk was bad, this is even worse. 

Where do I start? When I walked in the place, I was greeted by a gross stench of smoke and welfare. The clientele here look like depressed, down on their luck dejected humps as the gamble away the months last welfare and social security dimes. I'm no stranger to the gambling hall, but I've never seen so many pajama clad people in one place. Bring back the gambling of old!!! What happened to looking like you could afford to drop a few? 

The slots are tight... so tight that I'd have a better chance being seen on the town w/ Mila Kunis before winning anything here. 

The staff is useless as a broken compass. When the changer machine broke, I waited for nearly an hour to be helped. When I finally did get service, the employee was as personable as my soiled undershorts. How about a smile? Smiles make us forget how bad we've just been spanked. 

If you like good food, don't eat here. The prices are insane, and the taste is even worse. I paid 8 dollars for a piece of fish that resembled a lightly breaded carp, 3 french fries and a salad smaller than my wallet was after 2 hours in this place. "Free" soda is available. The Pepsi should be called "brown water" since the Ho-Chunk likes to skimp on the syrup. 

Comps?? Just like DeJope's big brother.... None. 

DeJope "a little Vegas in Madison" It would have been cheaper to fly to Vegas where at least I could drink and play more than computerized slots. More like "a little taste of ghetto gambling in Madison."
Casinos cause heartache. They dont belong near or inside truck stops. Theyre there 2 make money  and shud close. There r better ways 2 make money besides ripping you off.
Don't waste your time.  Slots are tight, the help doesn't wanna be there, and the indians are hell to work for.

Why visit a place like that?  Save up and goto Vegas.
Why this place has Class II slots I will never figure out, but it's really hurting their reputation. These machines are actually aiding you in the playing of BINGO, and the graphics, bonuses, and theatrics are there for show. Each machine has a BINGO card on it, and when you hit "spin" that actually starts a game of BINGO. If you hit a BINGO, you win something (the amount depends on some other factor I'm not familiar with, but it doesn't have clear logic behind it). If not, you don't win. Sometimes 25+ bingo balls are drawn. Sometimes there's less than 10. It's really dumb and I can imagine the house advantage being close to 15% for these machines (normal slots run around 8%, with blackjack running 0.5%!). There is a poker room here (electronic poker) but I haven't done that so I can't comment on it.

The usual HCG free pop policy still holds here, and there are several machines located around the property. Because it's technically BINGO, this casino is open to 18 year olds and up, and thus does NOT serve booze.

Unless there is some great promotion or a good band or something, I wouldn't come here. It's hard to win or even have fun when you see you hit a BINGO on the machine but only get 10% of your original bet back. Drive the extra hour up to the dells and play the tables or the real slots.
Being a Lake Las Vegas resident sometimes you just want to get away from the touristy atmosphere, so my go to place is upstairs in Palio Bar and sports book in Casino MonteLago. The sports book and kitchen just opened September 1st, so I have only had a couple things on the menu where pizza is the main ingredient. I have to say the pizza is very good and is cooked by a born and raised New Yorker; New York Yankee hat included, but don't hold that against him. He offers a pretty good selection of pizzas, including his namesake "The Joey" (Pizza Bianca), which I have to say is very good. Other menu options include Calzone, buffalo wings, chicken fingers, St. Louis style pizza, and Hot dogs. You can buy cheese pizza by the slice for 99 cents or the whole pizza for $8.

Note: Kitchen is only open when NFL football is airing (Thurs - Sun), while the sports book is open 24 hours.

As far as the sports book goes, it is open 24 hours a day and 
about 30 LCD monitors were added that display odds for all sporting events.

I would like to see them put in a bigger main screen for major sporting events like UFC fights, football playoffs, etc.
LOVE this place!!!! Chris  is the best bartender, or you might stop in when it's Nick or Gerry they are all great. But the Pizza Joey cranks out it the best I've has in Vegas by the slice. Spending a good portion of my life in Brooklyn, that is saying a LOT! 

My go to place for a pint & a slice : )
If the main casino isn't quiet enough for you (though that's unlikey!), head upstairs to this sports bar. There is gaming at the bar and a nice selection of draft beer. There are also tables for easy viewing of the many TVs. You must try the $1 cheese pizza slices, which are only available when the kitchen is open (weekends only unless during game season I think). The pizza is great!
Holy Cow, Man!  All I can say is $9.99 for a pitcher of beer and 20 wings or $9.99 for a pitcher of beer and a large cheese pizza during Football games.  Probably the sweetest deal in the world!  Even sweeter because the wings and pizza were actually very good!

My buddy and I dropped in here after running a half marathon.  We needed beer and sustinence after burning so many calories.  We saw the specials on the menu but couldn't find the barkeep.  After a few moments of searching she appeared and then provided us with great service for the rest of our stay.  

The wings were very large and came with a couple sides of Ranch.  The were crispy and had the perfect amount of sauce to meat ratio.  The cheese pizza was pretty great and had a nice crispy crust.  For the price to quality I would say this is one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  

There was only one guy in this place watching a game but this seemed to be a great spot to watch sports.  They have a lot of TV's with all the games on.  A very long bar and a number of high tables with lots of seating.  I know a lot of other bars get packed and that's great if that's what you're into.  But, if you're looking for a more relaxed atmosphere, great food, and great deals it is definitely worth the short drive out to Lake Las Vegas!
Hide your salt shakers... Its 5' 'oclock somewhere! Jimmy Buffet adds to the Parrot Head madness with addition of a casino at the Flamingo Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Right on the edge of the Margaritaville Cafe, you can now get your margarita with a side of roulette, blackjack or poker.  The casino is full of 'island girls' in bikinis serving cocktails, bartenders pouring shots and Jimmy Buffet blasting over the speakers. You will hear the local "Parrot Heads" singing along to the music whilst gambling in "One Particular Harbor". There's "No Passport Required" so give it a try and have a drink at the "5'0clock Somewhere Bar. Its a refreshing and fun addition to the Las Vegas Strip and to the Flamingo Hotel. Stop in and have a drink and play a hand.. If  you don't.. "it's your own damn fault"...
Definitely amazing food and drinks but good lord, I'm sure I'm not the only one upset about a 35.00 drink when the "blender" it came in was plastic and cost probably 5 cents to make.
This place is amazing! This casino is more than just gambling and drinking. The bartenders do tricks and entertain with every drink they make and the cocktail waitresses are in bikinis! The service is great and it  doesn't get any better than that! You're missing out if you dont check it out!
Very entertaining! Visited during the opening weekend so one side street was cordoned off for the grand opening. Dancing, music and the world's largest margarita was created at this event. Lots of energy in the crowd and I think it truly helped that the Jimmy Buffett concert was preceding this event.

Inside the casino the gaming tables had Margaritaville motif and the dealers were really spirited and friendly. Everything seemed so colorful and festive and the Cocktail waitresses were dressed in bikinis..only in the Margaritaville casino.The fully stocked bars were large tiki bars and I enjoyed drinking landshark lagers at them. I couldn't believe some of the shots people were drinking...some beer bong style.

Fins up I'm coming back....
So, the BFF and I came to Vegas in October for the Jimmy Buffet concert and were pleasantly surprised with not only the Margaritaville Casino but also a HUGE block party celebrating the grand opening! Score! It was packed with Parrot Heads and just a ton of fun! Coming back a few months later, it was still a blast. We grabbed a seat at the bar and had a killer time chatting up with the bartender and watching him do tricks while making our drinks. Tons of drinks to choose from, laid back island vibe which is a plus in Vegas! It took us back to our vacation in the Caribbean! We'll definitely be back.
The "whos to blame" is yummy and strong! the pink cadillac margarita is also good, not as strong but has more of a sweet taste to it
I DON'T GAMBLE! Well, only when I'm at Margaritaville casino. Smoke was very low and if you go before 5 or 6 pm there's not a lot of people and since it's a small place you don't hear those bells bouncing off the walls.
Not sure how long this place has been around but just noticed it my last visit to Vegas. The dealers are great, some are boring but in general they like to have fun. The drink service is great here too, good luck keeping up with them. I just wish they made better drinks. Good place to go and spend some time gambling and having a few drinks.
Played Pai Gow poker for about 4 hours here. I enjoyed the music and the cute cocktail waitresses were very prompt with our drinks. This is a nice little annex of the Flamingo. This only bummer was the LONG walk to a bathrooms in the Margaritaville restaurant or in the Flamingo.
Great atmosphere! Extremely entertaining casino! The bartenders and the dealers had great attitudes and were there to make sure you had a good time as well. Definitely recommend one of those margarita blenders. :) If you're a parrot head then definitely make a stop at the Margaritaville casino!!
The wizard lured me in. The wonderful wizard Oz, that is!

Margaritaville is a good addition to the Strip. I like going to the Flamingo and this is definitely a nice extension. I love how smoke-free this place is and there's not a lot of people. I hope I didn't just jinxed it by mentioning that. I like going early, as in, before breakfast early so your experience may vary.

Everything is so bright and cheery and just makes me wanna keep drinking margaritas. After all, it's five o' clock somewhere!
I am so in love with this casino!  It was by far my favorite one. As soon as you walk in the music, lighting, and atmosphere just swallow you up and you feel so relaxed! It's not just a themed casino it goes beyond that and it actually changes your mood to walk in here. The daiquiris & margaritas were delicious (I liked the mango one!) and the dealers were the coolest that I encountered my whole trip! They taught me how to play a few table games and were more than willing to help me if I had any questions with it. They were actually the ones offering to teach me (and I know what you're thinking, but I actually ended up winning from it!).  I'm glad that I stopped in here and it is definitely my favorite place!
Ok. I'm tempted to tell y'all this place sucks and stay away at all costs. Then, it will continue as an undiscovered oasis of friendly staff, rapid free drink service, good times, and low table limits. Really. Don't come here. Please. 

All right, I can't do it. The first time we popped in here, we were stunned by a pit boss who joked around with our table, made a bet for us when we stepped away, and just was so positively and enthusiastically in to making the experience fun. The dealers were the same in terms of dancing while they dealt, joking around, rooting for the players, and just having fun!  

We didn't leave until the sun came up but, hey, it's Vegas. They don't have clocks and I don't wear a watch...
I really enjoy the atmosphere here at Margaritaville... It has the feel of a laid back, tropical, relaxing place... much like back home, except you can gamble! It's nice to walk into this casino, right from the strip and it's searing heat, have a cold beer and hit the crap tables! Then, if you aren't having any luck on the tables, you can always sit at the bar, strike up a conversation with the friendly bartenders and play your favorite video poker games! Friendly staff and you feel comfortable here, not like you're not wanted if you don't gamble. I'm coming back next trip!!
It's offiical, I have a new favorite destination in Las Vagas!

The atmosphere at Margatiaville was different than the other casinos on the strip.  Most casinos are dimly lit with dull colors.  Margaritaville was appointed with bright colors, island style, and there is plenty of natural light coming through the doors.  Natuarlly there was lots of Jimmy Buffett music played, but there was also a nice selction of feel good music.  The dealers I encountered (I only play craps) were the friendliest I had ever met and I have been to more than a few tables in my life.

My only complaint is that it is too small.  If you are a slot player, I doesn't really matter since there is a decent selection of the newest, most popular machines on the strip.  But, if you like table games, you may be disappointed that they have but one craps and one roulette table.  There were, however, several blackjack tables, if that is your cup of tea.

I was in Las Vegas for four days, once I dsicovered the Margaritiaville Casino, I didn't play anywhere else.
This review is really for the Tiki Hut which is located in the Northwest corner of the Margaritaville Casino.  Great service, friendly servers and overpriced drinks.  The last part goes without saying in Vegas so you just have to expect that.  With that being said, drinks had a good pour and more alcohol than mix.

Found this little gem while walking by and surprisingly the door we went in, it wasn't too busy.  We got our drinks quickly and off we went!  

Now please don't get me wrong because I actually am a Jimmy Buffett fan.  Is it my imagination or do they only blare Margaritaville over the speakers.  Each time we walked I swear that song was playing.  With that said, I have to knock it down a star because I am still humming that song.

Would someone help him find his lost shaker of salt??
This place is fun!

I love how they have converted and renovated this place to be a nice new casino. It's attached right next to the Flamingo and in a great spot on the strip. When I was staying at the Flamingo for a convention recently I was able to drop in a few times to check it out and play some blackjack. Ended up having a great time! Friendly dealers and bartenders. $5 and $10 blackjack tables! Low table limits! 

The whole place feels upbeat and had terrific rock music playing along with the prerequisite Jimmy Buffet tunes. When I was walking through it seemed so laid back, with a tropical decor, bright colors, cheery, chill and relaxing. Seemed everyone who worked there said hello and had a smile on their face. Had no problem getting drinks as cocktail waitresses were always coming by and they are served up by cuties in bikinis! Even the crowd gambling here seemed more happy than at other casinos.

One thing I did notice is that this casino is on the smaller side, with a nice selection of the newest slot machines to go along with the standard table games, but not that many of them. It's a great spot to drop in to have a few drinks, gamble a bit, and begin your night of carousing. They even still have the outside balcony area overlooking the strip that you can drink on and people watch and make catcalls to the sexy ladies and gents passing by. 

Even if you are a parrot head or not then definitely check this place out if in Vegas.  The Margaritaville Casino is a fun time!
Laid back, right off the strip, and the machines and drinks were winners. Staff was friendly and attentive and the music was happy and mellow.

dp
Located right next to Flamingo is this itty bitty casino. Its still a part of Flamingo, as they take Total Rewards Card and you can cash your chips and tickets at Flamingo.  You do get a special TR card from Margaritaville.
Had a great time at the Margaritaville Casino inside the Flamingo, mostly due to our cocktail waitress, Melissa!  This was the most attentive and friendly cocktail service we had on the casino floor anywhere in Vegas!  Thanks much, Melissa, I hope they keep you happy there so we'll see you again next time!
Had great service at both the restaurant and store at Margaritaville last week. Glenn was great, provided such a personal level of service.  We are visiting Las Vegas in a near future and our first stop most definitely be at your store.
Your professionalism was very well appreciated.
Sincerely, Oscar Dawson and family.
margaritas were awesome! Danielle hooked it up!
Love this place! We went on out last trip to Vegas in May 2012. Nice open atmosphere near the table games (they leave the doors open, so you get nice fresh air.) The dealers were great, very friendly and helpful. I was still pretty new to the game of craps when we went but they had no problem showing me the game, helping me out, and joking around. Really quick drink service too. 
The 5 o'clock somewhere bar was great. They have a "reverse happy hour" which was really cool. We had trouble adjusting to the time zone change (we're from the east coast) so we'd wake up every morning at 4 or 5am! We'd just head down to the bar, get some $5 margaritas during happy hour, and play some craps before the table got too busy. It was great! 
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the lack of the type of table games I like. It looked like they had plenty of blackjack tables, but only 1 roulette table and 1 craps table. There were a few times when I wanted to play but couldn't because the ONE table was full. 
Still, it was a great time. We'll be back to Vegas in May 2013 for our honeymoon and plan to stay at the Flamingo so we can spend more time at the Margaritaville casino and 5 o'clock somewhere bar!  :)
What a sweet bartender, so funny. I love it. The margaritas were delicious. Pretty pricy but so is everything else. It's still alright.
This place is awesome! It's small but cozy and they have all the newer slot machines and some old favorites. The cocktail servers are prompt and friendly. The machines seemed to be a bit looser here. Almost every game I played, I won something! I had so much fun here during the Labor day weekend. I even participated in the trivia game and won a Jimmy Buffett live concert Blu-Ray! 

So much fun, love the atmosphere. They play great tunes. This will definitely be my new go-to casino!
If you know me, you know I was in heaven!  I am a parrothead and a Jimmy Buffett fanatic.

The Margaritaville Casino delivers on all the things any landshark or parrot head is looking for. Island theme, hard boat drinks and for the adventurous pirate... High stakes black jack!!!

Ok truth be told the bar is a little pricey for the bevvies but the place delivers on the lifestyle and experience that Jimmy Buffett is selling.  I recommend if you are looking for some lower limits go early in the day.  They often have lower limit tables earlier in the day.  On more than one occasion I have been playing a $5 black jack table around the time they are raising the limit.  They are very nice and let everyone at the table know they can keep playing at the lower limit for a certain amount of time.  

I've always had a great time here and strongly recommend hitting it up.  At the bar try the Bama Breeze.  It's not on all the bar menus, but they know how to make it because the restaurant next door serves them and they are soooo delicious!
The middle of the strip...do I need to say more? Well I can't say I won much money here as I normally do much better across the street. But there is tons of great eats, people to watch, and things to do.
Great food, great atmosphere! It's a party on the beach all day, everyday! :)
Unfortunately, I didn't spend a lot of time here.  It was the best part of my stay at the Flamingo. Nice staff, Fun machines Good Drinks! What more could you want from a Casino? I can think of one thing. Next visit maybe I'll win some money!
Finally went in at night and guess what? Got carded! LOL security told my friend and I that we look under 18. Say what? 

Anyways, total night and day difference. It's more happening at night of course. And cocktail service was on point. Definitely like the vibe here. Looking forward to coming back again :D
The wife and I accidently walked into this casino from the Flamingo and it isn't very big but the one thing that I did notice was the cocktail service was very efficient.  Though the drinks themselves were extremely weak.  And for That Margaritaville I give you three stars!
Meh....used to be great but this time the bartenders were so focused on being showoff cheeseballs they took forever to make drinks. The bar stunk like stale beer so we sat outside, the music was great as was the people watching from the patio...but the pina oladas were just thick sweet syrup, no frozen? The margs were super sour an had little tequila....it was fun but when I look back, not really that great.
It was a fun place to play blackjack. I would go back again.
Die besten Margheritas in Las Vegas. Man sollte die Perfect Margherita probieren. Einfach genial. Alle Speisen sind sehr schmackhaft und nicht teuer. Sehr nettes Personal. Abends geht die Post ab
get some!!
I know it sounds crazy to go to Vegas when you are a one trick pony gambler and not a very fancy one at that... Keno is our game. It is low risk if you know how to play and I not too many casinos have it anymore. We were so happy to find the Flamingo had great big leather seats with high backs to kick back and play. 

They do close at 10pm though, which forced us over to Bally's to finish playing, but that was okay, we enjoyed what we could while there.
Cool little casino, part of the Flamingo, even tho I lost on craps.
Being a die hard Parrothead and coming to Vegas for the sole reason of staying and drinking/gambling at the Flamingo and Margaritaville, it was awesome to see the new Margaritaville Casino addition past the restaurant.  Of course, for suckers like me who's blood flows like hot Volcano Nacho lava, I was assured I was going to win at the Margaritaville Casino because of all the Margaritaville/Buffett references and memorabilia.  So, I threw down $20 on the roulette table and won about $130 and I was convinced that Jimmy Buffett is indeed a holy man.  You'd have to be a parrothead to believe that so don't ask.  But anyways, I lost it all right away again and decided to sit at the outside bar attached to the casino and drink the "Who's To Blame" margaritas and just watch other people gamble and walk down the strip.  Anyways, awesome little addition to Margaritaville Las Vegas.
Yup, this place is good.  Great wait staff and great food.  Just go and enjoy!
Food was good.  The waitress was awesome!  And live music.  What more can you ask for.
Margarita ville casino is a fun little area between Margarita ville restaurant and the Flamingo casino. It's color, decor, and music all staying within the theme. At night they a go-go dancer in the middle of the table games. Nnice little touch, but the dancers can't dance. The dealers I found to be good to talk to; most of them are good. You'll enjoy the carribean flavor.
The margaritas sure do pack a punch! That's what you want - right? It sure is nice to have a frozen drink in the Vegas heat at Margaritaville. The outdoor patio with water misters and umbrellas is a nice place to hang out and watch the craziness of The Strip pass you by.

Also enjoyable is the inside Tiki bar with lots of sitting room and plenty of games close at hand. The theme of this joint is perfect for Vegas. May as well stop in and have a marg just to say you did.

I was a bit put off by the fact that I had to wander through the Flamingo to find the rest rooms but it was a good walk which burned off some of the booze. It's not inexpensive for a marg but it's well worth the money.

The gambling seemed decent but I was more in the mood to hang out here on my last visit. It's a great place to kill time with some strong drinks. Not once did I hear Jimmy Buffet which was a gift and a disappointment. Next time...maybe.
Sat at the bar and watched Danilo Oribe give a nice bottle juggle show! I don't know what the art of his act is called but it was super cool! 

He was twirling bottles, tossing and catching them, and not spilling anything

He was also a really nice guy
DRINKS ARE SO STRONG and worth it! Service was fast and our server was very helpful! Great spot to stop while walking the strip and need a refill!
Breakfast here was very good. Our waitress was great. We saw people having a couple of drink at 9am but I just needed coffee but overall great place. Drinks are kinda pricey but where can you find a cheap drink on the strip.....
Awesome, smells like sun tan lotion. Mad fun. Dealers are great. Bar tenders are slow but nice and got great tricks.
We have been here a few times, mainly to sit upstairs over looking the strip. That wasn't an option this time as it was closed the couple times we tried to go. We sat down stairs instead and the food was good, drinks were good and waitress was very good. The only thing I don't like is they don't play enough Buffet. They do play country and some Buffet (sounds like the Buffet Pandora station) but its maybe 5-10% Buffet at most.
During our casino hoping we found ourselves inside of the hellish world of a Jimmy Buffet themed part of the Flamingo Hotel and Casino. 

The interior and theme is embracing the beach lifestyle but seems too basic and boring in a city such as Las Vegas to be worthy of making this a destination spot. 

There are a handful of tables and machines in this section including a margarita bar good for catching a drink during the game. Waitress service was decent and took care of us throughout the time we were there. 

3 stars - there are better experiences to see during your stay.
Please don't be an idiot. Of course Margaritaville is hella casual- don't compare it to the higher end casinos because that's obviously not what they are going for as a concept! Craps is a good time at Margaritaville- $5 minimum during the day and the dealers are all chill.
Why 5 stars?

Because I stayed at the Flamingo during the week, I love table games, and Margaritaville was a middle-class paradise.

There are a lot "neater" casinos on the strip but I would come back to stay at this place in a heartbeat. There is the regular casino part of the Flamingo and then there is a small area tucked in the back known as Margaritaville. There's one craps table and 5-6 blackjack tables with a $5 min at certain times. Because its a smaller separate part of the flamingo its less busy during the week, the dealers are super friendly and the waitresses are on top of it. I came to Vegas with the idea I wanted to explore as much as possible but I found myself constantly coming back to Margaritaville for the laid back friendly atmosphere.
Get the perfect margarita. Strongest margarita and most tasty that you will have. When ordering the nachos: Get extra cheese! Gotta get the nachos.
Great music! Good cover bands! I have too many good memories here! Haha but it would have been 5stars if the lady bartender wouldn't act like mother.. She thinks you're a lot more drunk then it seems! I mean after 2 beers she is going to ask me "are you sure?" chill out next time... But overall great place! Haha
I have actually been here on both of my trips to Vegas as well as the Panama City location and it's just a fun place to eat and drink when starting the night off. It's very lively and there's usually various forms of entertainment of some sort (people on stilts making balloon animals/headgear etc. and a mermaid that slides down into a huge pitcher and does her own many cirque performance). 

The menu is pretty massive and the food is good - I wouldn't say mind blowing but I find any place that has a menu this large, you are just going to get good/okay food but I've never been unsatisifed. 
The best part is really the drinks! Soooo many to choose from! I usually get the margarita, well, since this is Margartiaville, and they have yet to disappoint! 

This is just a fun place to hang out and have some drinks. I definitely would go again here or at any of their other locations.
This place is everything that you need in Vegas. Just stop by and get a massive drink to share with your friends and keep going!
We stopped in on Monday afternoon 6/16 during the USA soccer game. At the bar in the casino just off the gift shop, not the main restaurant bar.  It was a lot of fun.  Our bar tenders were Billy, Kevin and I believe after Kevin left it was Josh.  Most of our interactions were with Billy.  He was originally from a town that is fairly close to where we live.  Which are both suburbs of Chicago.   It gave us a nice place to start our conversation about favorite foods and things to do.   From there it just went on.  They were a lot of fun.  Had some great bar Flare.  Billy was balancing bottles on the bridge of his nose and serving them, along with bottle flare, noise makers and loud appreciation of nice tips.  We enjoyed ourselves, had too many drinks and watched Team USA win the soccer game.  Great time.
Bad place to watch any game. They play load music while people were trying to watch the World Cup game on TVs that don't have speakers. We din't order anything and Ended up going down to Chayo Kitchen & Tequila Bar. There we watched both soccer games with a couple of buckets of Corona light (have to watch the calories so we can eat and drink more).
I have been to couple of locations of Margaritaville. This location in Las Vegas was trendy. The staff was friendly. I got this  blackened shrimp wedge salad, the waiter informed me that they were out of wedge lettuce. I thought that was kind of odd considering its a head of lettuce sliced into wedges. So he ask me if I would take chopped up lettuce instead. The salad turned out to be EXCELLENT. The paradise island salad dressing is to die for. My partner meal was good too. We definitely recommend this place to eat. Just a tip for y'all, make the time to cut up a head of lettuce. I mean, chopped lettuce was good and all but really, the wedge salad is on your menu.. This tells me that the Chef or the staff was too lazy to sliced up a head of lettuce. Really, don't mislead people.
Jimmy Buffet on constant rotation? No thank you. There really isn't anything unique about this casino. There aren't a lot of tables and there are rarely open seats available because it's right on the strip. The dealers are also not that friendly. It's a good place to get a margarita for obvious reasons, but I only pretty much just walk through it to get to Flamingo or Harrahs.
If you don't like Jimmy Buffet or anything Caribbean, stay far away from this tumor on the Flamingo. There's nothing special about the tables and there's no welcoming presence beckoning you to gamble.
Nice small casino connected to the Flamingo with a great tropical atmosphere. They have quite a few slots and a few rows of table games. Drink service is usually better here than in the Flamingo, most likely due to it's smaller size. Dealers and cocktail waitresses have always been nice and very friendly. While you're there stop by the total rewards desk and get yourself a Margaritaville card, your home casino will be jealous of how cool it is! 

Oh and don't forget that on Saturday and Sunday they have a slot tournament that you can enter after earning 10 tier points. 

Photo op in front of the sign located in the casino.
Excellent margaritas in every flavor combination you can imagine. Very efficient even when busy. Not cheap but hey, it's in Vegas!
I walked outside the main entrance of the Stratosphere and found this diamond in the rough.  Don't get me wrong, there is nothing spectacular about the place, but the prices are actually affordable, which is a rare jewel in the tourist areas of Las Vegas.  I stopped here for food twice on my trip, once for breakfast, and again for the pizza buffet, and was glad I found such an affordable place close to my hotel.  I even stopped by the Subway at the Circus Circus and couldn't believe they wanted $10 for a footlong.  This place is a must for a budget minded traveler staying at the Stratosphere.  The omelet was decent sized, and the pizza buffet had huge amounts of salad and pasta as well.  I only wish that the Casino section of the establishment had some low stakes table games as well.  I would certainly have preferred to hand a small operation like this my money as opposed to the big casinos.
Awesome INEXPENSIVE Pizza-Salad-Pasta Buffet!

SITREP

There is NOTHING Spectacular about this location (across the street from the Stratosphere) nor it's menu (QUITE ordinary).  And though that does not sound like a stellar-recommendation for someone to "go-out-of-their-way to come to", it IS what it IS, and if you are close by and hungry, this is a stop definitely worth poppin for. 

SETUP

As a guest in the Stratosphere, I first noticed Aztec Inn when I was walking to the Circle K (and I should review this Circle K, cause IT is very cool too), and saw that they had a $6.95 all you can eat Pizza Buffet.   I pay this when I do the pizza buffets at Roundtable and Mountain Mike's back in Sacramento.

THE MENU

This buffet was so much better with:

*  A big selection of pizza slices (including a substantial amount of veggies & pesto based-sauces);
*  A big selection of leafy greens, lots of different salad toppings and options;
*  A pasta bar with a couple of different selections, usually one with a meat sauce, and then another with a marinara or an alfredo-based sauce; and,
*  The bottomless soda was also a great plus.  

Being in the casino also allowed many patrons to take advantage of the FULL bar nearby which was it's own separate cost (but usually spirits beyond normal beer & wine are available in most pizza establishments, and sometimes not even the beer & wine).

THE LOWDOWN

Sure, it's very quaint, not at all elegant, but if you're trying to mind your money, and don't want to get stuck putting out $50-$70 for a buffet wristband on the strip that will anchor you to only a handful of food & diversity options for three days, then these little out of the way places are true gems to enjoy.
For a little seedy place next to the stratosphere hotel, the food here is VERY good. My girlfriend got the chicken with mixed veggies and I got the Philly cheese steak which was really good. A great meal for around $30 and enough food for breakfast before we roll out of Vegas. We thoroughly enjoyed. Don't let the exterior of this place fool you. The food is great.
ok so I walked here because of the reviews in regards to the pizza buffet....I was sad when the waitress told me they don't do that anymore and it's now Thai with some American food. I was starving so I settled for the Philly Cheese Steak.

OMG!!! very good and a heaping stack of amazing French fries. pleasantly surprised that I can have all this in Vegas for about $8.
Sometimes you hit magic. You know what I mean, that hole-in-the-wall joint that where you would never think to walk in the door, but somehow (for whatever reason), you go in that door, order some food, and you experience some of  the most amazing food that you've had in a long time.. e.g. Rollin' Smoke BBQ, Fat Choy etc...

OK, this is not one of those places.

This review is for the Asian/American cafe that is located inside of the casino. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but sometimes, it just needs to happen (if you don't believe me, go in this place and check it out).

I personally thought that we have moved past this type of food. Maybe like 20 years ago this might have been accepted as mediocre food, but now, I,Don't, Think, So!

I was thinking about giving this place 2 stars because the cashier lady was so friendly. And, she seemed genuinely concerned about making sure that I was alright. But, the food was speaking loudly too me, it was actually SHOUTING at me! So, here we go...

5$ Pho: Ok, lets talk about the broth. I'm talking Top Ramen here peeps. Like, water + powdered soup base. That's it. Mental picture here. Noodles: Pad Thai noodles. It looks like they weren't soaked and cooked properly, or possibly they were old because they had that slight woody taste.. The rare beef? Overcooked, well done (meaning past medium)  thick slices of flavorless beef. Finally, cilantro on top. That's all folks. Plus, i've had a tender stomach last night and the whole day today.

The owners seemed very nice so it pains me to do this. But I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I've been very fortunate to hit a lot of bullseye's in my foodie quest in Vegas. I've also hit some ducks along the way. Quack muthatruckin' Quack!
Came here to eat their classic burger that are o-so tasty but was disappointed.

Small location but it was closer to home than the other Wildfire location. I will not eat here again. I will definitely go to other Wildfire locations, just never again this one.

Customer service was overall pretty friendly but the cashier didn't ask us about their specials or anything like that. The person that cleans the tables asked us if everything was ok and I said not really. I explained that my burger was burnt and I asked for medium. She then explained to me that the fire on the grill gets really hot and can burn the hamburger. She apologized to me but didn't offer to make me another burger. My burger was not even hot when it came out which led me to believe that it might have been sitting in a holding bin and put back on the grill to warm it up but instead it burnt it to a crisp.

Not too many tables to sit in.

On the upside, their iced tea is delicious!
I've been to another location of Wild Burger, and this one was mostly on par with what I'd experienced previously.  My burger was large, and fell apart.  I didn't get a ton of toppings, only blue cheese and bacon with the traditional burger veggies.  I guess the juiciness from the burger (which is great, don't get me wrong) compromised the integrity of the bun.  So, I again had to finish with a fork, and it became quite a mess.  But, it was cooked properly and tasted good. 

My wife got the chili, which was very good.  Good chili flavor, and they serve it in a cast iron bowl.  This kept it hot throughout the entire lunch.  It was a nice touch, it really remained hot right up until the end of the meal.  

Their secret sauce is basically thousand island with jalapenos added, then blended until smooth.  It's good on both the burger and your fries.  

Onion strings are a solid version of this dish.  Fried onions are a welcome addition to any meal for me.

The service was fantastic, everyone was friendly, and the place was clean.  We'll return for sure.
Wandered into this casino during a recent trip to Vegas.  It's a very small, locals casino.  A nice variety of Video Poker and Slots to choose from.  Everyone seemed to know each other.  The food here is average.  I had a Burger and Fries.

The parking lot was full of cars, so it must be a very popular place.  That's kind of strange because the much larger Sunset Station is next door.

Return Factor - 50%
Burger was really good. Fresh ingredients fries are ok. The patty was cooked perfectly.  My only complaint even though the bun was toasted it still ended up a dough ball for the last 4 bites.  If the cook would only allow 2 minutes resting time before placing it on the bun! Its the difference between 3 stars and 4 stars. The service was ok we went on a Sunday around 3 for a late lunch.... I can only imagine how Smokey it gets on a sat night....... they need to fully enclose the restaurant.
Whenever my friends and I drive to Arizona on the 95, we drive past a road that leads to a town called Chemehuevi. The town is 17 miles from the main road so it would be quite a detour to drive there and back to check it out. We always joke that someday we'll visit Chemehuevi but we know we never will. 

Wildfire has been one of my Chemehuevis for awhile... I'd always wanted to go but never found the time. Never, that is, until tonight. 

I wish I left the Wildfire to my imagination instead of ruining the mystique. All I got from my visit to the Wildfire was another shitty customer service experience at a Station Casino. 

I used to wait tables in college and I know a thing or two about basic customer service... Greet the customer within the first, ohhhh, eight minutes or so right? I sat down at the bar, the blonde-haired barkeep sees me, then proceeds to continue with her side work until I leave the establishment. A similar thing happened with Josefina at Fiesta Rancho yesterday...  

What does a guy have to do in Vegas to get a drink?

Someday I'll make it to Chemehuevi but I know I will never go back to the Wildfire.
In and Out across the street?? Psshh Wildfire not only has exquisite burgers but a quality hometown atmosphere you would expect to find at  "mom and pop joint". While the burger may be a 7 the, costumer service always exceeds expectations.  I cant speak for the rest of the staff but the cashiers/cooks at the Wildfire are the cream of the crop and one of the reasons I don't mind skipping a similar burger across the street. Try the foot-long hot dog just make sure you don't have anything important the next day... oh the deep-fried Twinkies there always a go-to.
Never been to any other locations but this one is by my house. Came there to watch the Monday night football game. Gambled $200 and they still charged me for my drinks! Horrible service! Ordered a Long Island and it was not even drinkable, told the bartenders I couldn't even drink it cause it wasn't made right so I ordered a beer (maybe they could get that right) and then they charged me for the Long Island too. This place has the worst bartenders in Vegas! Don't go there. I used to gamble and bet there but I won't step foot in that place again. The kegs are always messed up and bartenders don't know how to make simple cocktails! Very pathetic!
We used to go to the former Gold Rush, which is now the Wildfire, and when we were back in the old neighborhood, we thought we would check out the new place.  Stopped by the coffee shop, ordered a couple of burgers with fries, paid when we ordered, and waited a short time for our food.  Our server, Trey, couldn't have been more professional if he had worked at some high end restaurant.  We left a $5 dollar tip on our $10 meal for the two of us.  Honestly, it is worth going out of your way to get an inexpensive breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack here!
Wildfire makes a great BBQ bacon burger and it's only $7.99.  They also serve breakfast 24 hours a day, which is what our kids usually get.  It's just good food at at a great price, nothing is over $10 and most items are $7-8.  One of our family's favorite places for a quick bite.
It's good, not great, but I really did enjoy the food that was on my plate.  

Angus Beef burger with Brioche bun and a fried egg added just for fun.

Food portion wise plenty,  Value wise not spendy,
Ambiance. ..definitely not trendy.

The smoky air is so not good for you
But that $2 hot fudge sundae is food for you!

So give it a try, you know with a place that's clean and gets grade A's you won't die! 

But seriously the burgers did not disappoint,  staff is easy going and friendly. Casual style diner. Order and pay first before you get a table. Wild Grill is located in the center of Wildfire Casino.
I was at Rio casino playing poker recently and happened to look across the hall and saw what I thought was a mirage. So I went closer and was surprised to find out a new Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas that no one has talked about yet . The name is called "Pho Da Nang". Their menu consists of many popular Vietnamese items, such as Pho, Bun Thit Nuong, rice dishes, etc... 

Two things that came to my mind when I was browsing through the menu. The first thing is I gotta try their Pho and hopefully (very hopefully) that Vegas finally has a good Pho joint. The second thing that came to my mind was "what the pho with the price".Holy macaroni, their Pho has to better be damn good if they want to charge $15 a bowl + tax. Almost eveything in their menu ranges from $13 to $15, Normally you would find this prices in the strip, but Rio is like 5 blocks away from Chinatown. 

Anyway, I ordered their Pho combo and it came out pretty quick. The bowl consists of noodle, rare steak, sliced beef shank (what the heck??? beef shank doesn't go with Pho, beef shank normally go with Bun Bo Hue), and soup. For those that are not familiar with Pho, the combination normally goes with thinly sliced rare round steak, cooked brisket, tripe, tendon. 

Did this bowl of Pho pass my taste test? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. The soup was bland and un-flavorful (is this a word?). I had to put a bunch of fish sauce and hoisin sauce to make it edible. The thinly sliced steak was tender, but the beef shank tasted fatty and not right for Pho. Overall, Pho is two stars.

Overall, they better cut down the price or improve the quality if they want to attract local customers. Since it's so close to Chinatown, I highly doubt they can rely on tourists as their main customers if they don't improve on their food.
Ate here twice because I was staying at the rio and, well, I'm Vietnamese. Rice dishes are pretty good but stay away from everything else, including the namesake: pho.
I stayed at the Rio & was happy to see a Vietnamese restaurant right next to the registration desk. We've been there twice so far during our 6- night stay. We've tried the pork chop rice plate, beef rice plate, & rare beef pho. All dishes were great! The pork chops are my favorite. I want to go back tomorrow to try the chicken rice plate. I would definitely recommend this place. 

$11 per plate with Rewards card


Ample seating at the sports-theater next door
This place sure hit the spot when I was hungry.  $12 (with the players card) for a rice plate seems a bit expensive though.  The wait was excruciating too.  We were the only ones ordering and the food took at least 15 minutes.   I went up at least 3 times to check on the food.  She kepy saying it was not ready yet.  I wonder what the chefs were doing in the back.  I would not come here again because I really dislike the Rio.  It is so far from everything, making one's choices very limited.
The meat is seasoned so wonderfully, especially the beef in the #18! 

Kind of pricey considering the amount of food (ordered a rice plate- so scoop of rice and some meat), but of course it's Vegas and everything is more expensive! First time eating Vietnamese and it was a good introduction :)

Customer service was good- we didn't know what we were doing and when we ordered rice stick plates the hostess told us they were cold dishes, which we didn't want. She was able to recommend two other dishes similar to what we ordered originally but that were warm dishes served with rice.
Good food, but a bit pricey. I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.
Bun rieu-7/10 
Must say best one Ive had so far in Vegas! It's cheap and taste like home! Next time I come I shall try something else. Don't forget to use your rewards card for 1$ off. Or even better, check to see if it can be completely comp.
Authentic food that is well worth the price. No msg used and fried rolls are made with rice paper. The service is excellent!
The food was so wonderful especially the #13 spicy beef sate. It spiciness of it is just perfect thank you Rio for having a Vietnamese resturant in the casino..
The food is good and so is the portion. The amount of food you get is about  the same as at other Vietnamese restaurants, so no worries about the portion size. We ordered the Pho combo (#1 - was decent), Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate (#19 - was good), and Charbroiled chicken rice plate (#20 - was good). The rice dishes are tasty and authentic tasting. The  Pho was not bad at all. Yes, it's pricey but a.You are in Vegas, and b. it's conveniently located in the Rio Hotel for its guests.  Thanks Rio!
Hostess was extremely helpful in choosing a dish. On her recommendation I ordered #15, which was beef and vermicelli noodles. Beef was really well seasoned and very tasty. The sweet and vinegar sauce that came with it was delicious. There was a salad of sorts under the cold noodles and it was nice to see some fresh veg in a Casino. I only gave it 3 stars because I have a favorite Pho place in Los Angeles which is much better but this was good and a refreshing change of pace from the usual inexpensive (relatively) Casino meal.
Came to Pho Da Nang after a couple of games of poker with some family. It is located in Rio Hotel & Casino and it seem decent from the outside. I wanted to try something new and I do not remember this being here since my last visit. I guess vietnamese food in Vegas and me do not mix well. 

Food Order with Price (rounded to the whole dollar)
#19: Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate $12 (Place two orders)
#15: Beef with Vermicelli $12 (Place two orders)
#22: Ice French Milk $5
#24: The Thai Ice Tea $4 
#9: Egg Rolls $7 
Grand Total: $64

Customer service here was horrible and results in the reason that this place only get two stars. A male working who was wearing a uniform that was for a referee at a soccer game took our order. While another female worker with glasses was busy taken another order on the phone who seem to be in Pho Da Nang uniform. The person in the referee uniform throwing all sorts of attitudes at us today. It seem he might have not had any luck at the tables. The waitress who was busy on the phone when we arrived to take our order gave us a apology earning one star back. 

The food it really standard for Vietnamese. The prices are a little hiked compared to the price in NYC but it a casino and Vegas (Hint: You if are a local you get a discount! ). I stayed away from the pho noodles because of the mix reviews from fellow yelpers. Probably the best thing is the egg rolls number 9. They are massive compared to the New York City version.

If you are looking for just plan old average vietnamese food with served with a side of FRESH ATTITUDE this is the place to be! Probably visit again but next time I will tell them to hold the attitude.
***Food options at Rio are very limited and there is not much open during the day; this Vietnamese order-at-the-counter spot (located in Rio's food court) is one of the few places open for lunch; the food here looks less greasy than the deli next door, but the food was below average (the grilled pork had an okay flavor and decent moisture, but it tasted like it was pre-cooked and then simply heated up; the egg rolls had an unappetizing color (no golden brown exterior; a bland, greasy and white deep fried shell)***

I imagine Rio offers free self parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.
ate here during superbowl weekend. had chicken pho. it was tasteless and bland. not much chicken, a lot of noodles. was served with cilantro instead of thai basil. the bean sprouts were old and brownish. my friend had a meat dish with rice. he said it was OK. not a lot of meat. I was so disappointed cuz I'm crazy about pho. this was one of the worst I ever had. would never eat here again. I can make a better pho at home.
Most expensive bowl of msg laced imitation pho I've ever tasted. The service and ambiance are good, but the pho, bun bo, mi quang are not so good. The broth has no flavor, and the noodles are very starchy. For $11-$13 a bowl, it'd be worth it to take a taxi to Pho So 1 in China Town for some real pho.
line to the order counter...small discount for total rewards cardholders...fried eggs rolls, pho bowls and bun bo hue ordered...pay first and waiting for number on receipt to be called...lengthy wait of over fifteen minutes....self-serve sauce and pick up food back at the counter...find a table to eat....told the bun bo hue was good by the worker, but finding quite bland and meats chewy...noodles quite bloated and overcooked soft....same problem in pho...lacking much flavor and slight bitter taste...finding only the fried egg rolls being pretty good...
A good dinner option at the Rio.  I enjoyed my chicken noodle pho, and my friends enjoyed the bbq pork and pork bahn mi.  Dinner was reasonably priced too especially if you have a Rio card.  I was glad to find this place!
Only heard bad things about this place but was fighting a hangover and you know what that means....time to get my pho on. Ordered the number 3. The broth was flavorful but I still added a bit of hoisin sauce. Because its hoisin sauce duh. The meet was nice and tender with good flavor. The bowl was very filling. But it was a little pricy for pho but then again it is Vegas so whatevs. Solid choice to get rid of that headache.
dont waste your money here period!
"Meh" at best. The broth was tasty, meat was scarce, and the cilantro was abundant. So I guess if you're looking for some good broth with cilantro, this is your place. 
Better off going a couple blocks down the street for some real pho. 
Seriously though - the cilantro overpowers. And I think it outweighed the chicken. 
Service was nice though. That's one of my two stars.
This used to be a Chinese restaurant under the name Mahjong, it was really good, I don't know why they changed it to a pho place. The food was decent, but nothing that really stood out. I tried the boba and it starts to fall apart, no bueno. If you're starving and need a quick Asian fix, this will do, until you find something better in Chinatown.
It's actually very tasty.  It's just that most people order the wrong items because it's confusing.  The bun rieu noodle salad with pork or beef with an egg roll is great.  It's number 14 or 15 and listed as rice stick. Most people don't realize that rice stick means noodle. The bun rieu is really awesome.  The pho and rolls are not bad.  Too bad the menu is confusing for most people.  I guess it's better to keep the lines low.  Also good is the dim sum place next door.
I gotta admit that this place had pretty good tasting Vietnamese food - however I am just appalled at the prices for the food - honestly would not have tried this place if it wasn't for my picky 5 year old niece. She's the type that wouldn't eat anything and so when she said she wanted noodle soup - this was the closest place we could take her to because her parents was at the Celine Dion concert and we didn't have a car to take her anywhere else so we were stuck in RIo - which was where they were staying at. So therefore wouldn't have tried this place at all if it wasn't for her - but in the end she didn't even eat that much. 

Well anyways onto the food - we ordered a bowl of rare and well-done beef pho, a grilled chicken rice plate, a grilled pork rice plate and an order of spring roll, two hot tea and one coffee - all this for the outrageous price of $65!! This isn't a restaurant either - it's more like an express Vietnamese place located inside Rio and shares it's seating and tables with a pizza place and a taco place. The portions were okay - they weren't exceptionally huge for the price but they didn't skimp either - I guess it was just enough. Man I have never paid so much for Vietnamese food before - each plate was about 15 dollars - two spring rolls was 5 dollars and the two tea and one hot coffee was 15 dollars. The food like I said was pretty good tasting though but still pretty expensive right?

Well there wasn't really much service to speak of either - since we ordered and we picked it up ourselves. 

Overall this place is good for a quick meal and I guess if you don't mind paying a little more than usual for Vietnamese food then go right for it.
Get a rewards card before you order and you can save $1 on each dish you order! I had seafood noodle soup and shrimp spring rolls. The dip was so yummy. I couldn't get enough of it. The noodle soup was delicious as well. Great dining experience.
We wanted something more than a deli after the awesome penn and teller show. So this was a nice surprise! They were very nice at the counter and we have never had pho before so don't know what to compare it to. We got a locals and a total rewards discount so saved like $8. Yes the meat/seafood was scarce but it was yummy for 11 pm. Would we go back? Probably not unless we were at Rio. But overall good for a late date night spot ;)
I only gave this buffet a 1 because I could not give it a zero.  This was possibly the worst food I have ever had in my life.  All the food is from frozen entrees.  Nothing is fresh, even the salad is old bagged junk you could get at a food bank.  The price is $13.99 unless you have their card and then it's $9.99 and believe me you would be much better off going over to ANY fast food joint.  Mushy, soggy, bland, over heated food that looks like it has been sitting around for a long time is what you will be in for if you choose this buffet.  Pass...Please Pass on this one.
This was Terribles and just recently changed their name and had their grand opening. We were there for it and it really didn't seem like much as going on. They had a week long celebration of giveaways but after those were done nothing much happened during the week. 

It's off the strip but walking distance if you're up for that. However, to us it was not worth the trip. The casino was dark and didn't look very new or updated, however, I can't be a great judge of this since I had not been to it when it was Terribles. 

The only promotion for new players was $5 slot play. The had some newer machines but a lot were older and I had trouble getting my free play to work on them. We stayed and played our free play, threw in a few more bucks, and then headed back to the strip. Not worth a trip unless you happen to be driving by it.
I liked the place.  Not as much as the Boulder Hwy casinos, but it worked.  I'd consider staying here.  The buffet is not good, which is a shame; the setup seems pretty nice...the food just falls flat.
One of the world worst casinos ever!
First off, the Buffet was horrid! 
We wouldn't even eat there!
"I'll have some of the yeller!"
Then we ordered something to eat from the restaurant and OMG!  We ordered Bisquits and Gravy and when my husband got to the room...we thought it was joke!  All the "gravy" leaked all over!  So he had to take it back and then when then wouldn't refund it they gave us another one! And it as gross!  We didn't eat it all and had to take it to the trash out the hall.
Then, I got locked out of my room and although they made a copy of my ID...they wouldn't let me in because I didn't have my license!  The had me so mad I finally told them I'm calling the cops AND I just freaking on a stroke two weeks ago!  I was not happy!  Make it to my room (hellish version of The Shining) with Security and had to show them my ID.
2 towels and 1 shampoo....that's it!  
OH!  Also the freakin' pool closing at 8pm!  JEESH!  It's still 100 degrees here at 8pm!
One more thing:  you only get like 10 channels and 3 of them of ESPN!
This hotel was terrible, stay away if you don't want your trip ruined. The rooms are old and dirty just like the casino. We got a room that wasn't cleaned so they gave us a suite to make up for it. The suite was terrible and the air conditioning didn't work. We called maintenance but they never showed up. The room was old and besides the a/c not working, the shower drain was clogged, the coffee pot didn't work. It was 3 hours trying get a room, it was 2 a.m. before we crashed out of total exhaustion. No a/c was so hot and stuffy. There is no help with bags, there is no porters anymore, they got rid if them. I am handicapped and needed help. I had to put our bags on my wheel chair because I couldn't carry them. STAY AWAY!
Pros: helpful staff

Cons: old casino, bad food
The cafe old school Las Vegas coffee shop fare. Nice selection, fair prices. 

The slot machine player club units need to be replaced. Almost every touch screen is worn to the point of being unusable. If you intend to use your free slot play, you may have to bounce around to find a machine that will work. Also, you have to feed the machine at least your minimum bet in order to activate the free slot play. I don't like that. Many other systems let you play your freebies without feeding the machine. 

But for a value casino, not so bad. 

Doing Las Vegas old school on the cheap? Pop in here.
I wasn't staying here but came here July 4th. I have stayed here before when it was terribles. Ok let me just be 100% honest. This place is terribles but just with a new name. If a sign said terribles before then it says silver sevens now. Some new slots here and there and maybe they added some new tables but this is still just terribles. If you liked terribles (like I did) then you will like silver sevens. They have an awesome breakfast buffet and it's better than when it was terribles. The dinner buffet is why I give this place a 4 instead of 5. It's like you guys took a giant leap forward with the breakfast buffet and a giant leap backward with the dinner buffet. The burger at the buffet was garbage and not sure what type of mystery meat I was eating. Mashed potatoes were cold as Antarctica. Salad was dryer than the sahara desert. Please re train the cooks on the dinner shift. 

Silver sevens does always have free food and freebies to give out though. 

This is a locals casino for sure and I'm a tourist but I actually like to get off the strip and win! Silver sevens has super loose slots for sure. Your money will go a lot further here than it would at any of the strip casinos. Honestly my fellow tourist. I think you should all just take a left at ballys and walk over to silver sevens. It's not fancy but it's nice to win money unlike you do on the strip.

4/5 stars. Be back october 3-7 2013! See ya soon silver sevens
I come here when I have a free night and to play Bingo, I'm really an old 80 year old chain smoker at heart. Don't really expect anything less then what is presented, I wish they kept the old name though. Also I noticed the coffee shop had a C grade from the health department. Eeeek!! Buffet is small and the food quality isn't that great, but go for Sunday champagne brunch and drink to your hearts content!
I ended up having to stay in Vegas it a list minute deal and booked the room on line, I was more interested in cheep than anything else. I was very surprised at how nice the room was and after the fact I looked it up on yelp and was surprised at the ratings. All I can say is they must have just did a major renovation on it because it was very nice and very clean. They did unfortunately have hidden charges that didnt impress me so it gets a 4 .
Met a friend here the other day.  The hotel and recently been "converted" from Terrible's to this new concept.  By conversion I can only really see some different paint and a new marque out front.  The casino looks the exact same as before and so was the 24-hour cafe.  The cafe is ok, but DELICIOUS if you are coming from a bar...get what I mean??  The hotel hallway directly outside of the casino is nice, showing off some new sides, lighting, etc...but once you get around the back it still still pretty Motel 6ish.  The inside of the room was nice, good sized and a big tv so nothing negative to say about the room.  I think my friend said it was $50 or $60 for the room..BUT there was a $100 deposit for some reason.
Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude.  It's dirty and lacks any air flow. 

Buffet is awful and full of food that tastes like it was previously frozen. I also felt pretty queasy after eating the shrimp. Just avoid, trek down to Main Street downtown.

Not really much more to say. It's the same price to gamble in this awful, rundown Vegas failure as it is at New York, New York or the Flamingo.

I know where I'd go.
this place is cool just to kill time was accross the street from the hotel i was staying in nothing to go out of your way for though
The exterior gives you and idea of what to expect inside. That being said if you want to place a quick sports bet without waiting in line, theres always available parking spots out front and the staff is always friendly.
I come to Vegas often and whenever O do a day trip, this is one of the places I choose. It has a free airport shuttle, the price is always right, and The rooms are decent.
No complaints w the food as I ate here when it was Terribles with no complaints. Staff has been nice to me and there is a shuttle to the strip or just a short bus ride away. If I wanted to stay on the strip, I would. 
There is a $3.00 charge when you check out but that's the cheapest fee I've paid staying at a Vegas hotel and the $100 deposit seems to be standard compared to most. 
A clean bed and a showed with some good customer service is the least I expect when I go somewhere and since I always get it here, it suits me fine. 
P.s. The Deuces wild is the best thing going for $2.99.
So you're looking for a place off the strip where you could find yourself a cheap room for a night or two, a good meal, and maybe a little bit of Vegas fun. Well, when this place was Terrible's Casino you probably could have gotten all that. Located a hop from the airport, close enough to the strip to see some action if you'd like, and a great "no-frills" deal for the economy minded or business traveler Terrible's was that. In the past year, though the Terrible Herbst company has drifted away from gambling establishments and sold to Affinity Gaming where Terrible's Hotel & Casino is now the Silver Sevens Resort.

Here's my review of the place when it was Terrible's:
http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=F4_zHEXU1p5E12A2o-5_ZQ&q=terribles

None of this is true anymore as they completely overhauled the establishment. Well, aside from the aesthetics. It's still looks like a Vegas local's spot with a tight casino ground floor and second story loft style area for dining, bingo, and a few more games. It's everything else that has changed.

Dining
One of Terrible's greatest appeals was it's dining deals. There were great $9.99 meal deals that included prime rib and a roasted half chicken. Graveyard specials included $2.99 bacon and eggs breakfast. The buffet at Terrible's wasn't the best but at affordable prices and the frequent BOGO tickets that could be found, the low price trumped the limited selection. These are all but a memory as prices have gone up and having a player's card only gets you $1 off. The graveyard specials are now limited to the single menu item and those wonderful $9.99 are gone completely. 

Hotel
For a reasonable price, Terrible's room were a great deal. On top of those wonderful secret "resort fees" that they tack on now (this is everywhere now), Silver Sevens now includes a $100 deposit to any stay! Keep in mind, this isn't just $100 for the room in which they will refund you (usually in 48 hours), this is ON TOP OF your room stay amount that they authorize for. The worst part is that they NEVER tell you this when you book the room. You just show up and they tell you this as you hand them your card and ID. If it's a slow night, be prepared to argue with the front desk supervisor about canceling your reservation without notice, too.

Amenities
Forget it, there are none. Even the WiFi in the rooms are no longer free. Which was a HUGE reason why I would stay there. If you're a gambler, drink wait times are excessive and the pool isn't heated. Can't say much about the room itself because I didn't want to drop the deposit. I will say that the location is great and close to everything. 

My $.02
Silver Sevens is a HUGE disappointment of what used to be a great hidden gem a city that's at the ready to gouge you of all your money. As a former local, I used to enjoy going there because it was a great deal. It was a great place for locals to enjoy some of what their city provides without obligating to the strip. Perhaps Silver Sevens is trying to re-brand and compete for the same market as their neighbors the Hard Rock. I don't know but it seems like Station Casinos or even Sam's Town might be the winner of this.

Giving the "new" Silver Sevens a 1 Star for the overall suck of the place now that it's not Terrible's. Which is a huge drop as compared to the 4 Stars I gave it's predecessor.
This is my third stay in this hotel in the past year.  I come here because it's close to UNLV, which is where I need to be.  I think that others who have posted reviews for this hotel are being overly critical.  To be honest, this isn't the hotel where I'd stay if I came to Vegas for a fun trip.  I'd pay a little more and stay at a hotel on The Strip.  This isn't where you come if you want to soak yourself in the excitement of Vegas.  This is a no-frills hotel and casino.  The pros about this place are that it's cheap, it's clean, there's some opportunity for playing the slots or table games, and the food is decent.  The cons are that more than half the rooms in the hotel overlook the hotel parking lot.  Looking out my own hotel window, I see a bunch of hotel employees sitting on a bench waiting for a bus to take them home after their shift.  It's a little depressing.  It reminds you that Vegas isn't exactly a never-ending party for everybody.  For these hotel employees, it's just a hard job that requires manual labor, and the pay isn't even good enough for them to afford a car to take them home.  

The hotel recently changed its name to this new name.  I suppose they changed management.  It used to be called Terrible's Hotel & Casino.  I prefer the old name.  Silver Sevens is a very generic name that means nothing significant and can be easily forgotten.  Nevertheless, the hotel is still the exact same as it was under the old name and ownership.  

I paid $21/night here, plus an additional $3/day as a "resort fee," which is still a term that I don't understand.  They say that covers the cost of using the pool (which I won't be doing because it's too cold), and the parking lot (which used to be free, so why are they charging money for it now?).  It does not cover the cost of internet.  There is wifi here, but it costs $4.99/day.  

My overall impression: This is a good hotel to stay for business, but not for pleasure.
*** I ONLY CAME HERE FOR THE FOOD. DID NOT STAY HERE! ***

THAT being said, this review is for the steak and eggs special....

OH. My. God. SO. delicious. @_____@@@ Steak was SUPPER good, eggs were phenomenal, but what you really need to get is the whipped potato and gravy on the side....

I died.

I might have been drunk, but gdi that was the BEST steak and BEST mashed potato I've ever eaten. Really nice waitress as well. It's hard to be chipper at 5AM :P
Well I've been to eat at their cafe twice now and it was easily the worst service I've ever had the second time. The four separate individuals who attempted to serve us got very confused as to who was handling what and as a result I never got a refill for the table's sodas/beers or got a chance to ask for things like ketchup or jam and we ended up grabbing them off other dirty tables nearby. 

When my server-one of them- came for our drink orders, I asked what beers they had on tap. she told me none, so I asked for the bottled beers list. She answered "I dunno, Bud Lite, Budweiser, there's a lot." She literally threw up her hands and shrugged. She did not know how much it was a beer and said "Something like that," when we asked if it would cost more or less than $5. It was like pulling teeth, it's a shame that these people have jobs when there are way less lazy homeless people out there. 

I ordered eggs over easy which came fully cooked in the center and were served with cold bacon and rye toast. The toast came out well. My bf got the chicken fried steak, which is pretty tasty, but the check was dropped with the meals and no one offered us refills despite the fact that my boyfriend made a point to ask twice. We wanted to get dessert and split the check, but it seemed like they really, REALLY didn't feel like up selling that day. 

We flagged someone down finally to order dessert, got gross mushy apple pie which they claim is made fresh every day. Well, I've had better pie at McDonalds. It was gross and if they are really baking these fresh they should stop now and invest in some Sara Lee frozen crap because it's better tasting than their pie.

My buddy picked up the check rather than try to get these geniuses to split the check properly. I've never even seen such an I-Don't-Give-A-Crap attitude from someone at work before. There are people who are unemployed who would love an opportunity to give great service and get a good tip, but the people employed at the Silver Sevens cafe clearly don't care at all. 

Finally we got a manager and complained and he just took off the cost of the pie and apologized. Him and the very sweet hostess who seated us were the only good things in the place. I miss Terribles. This never would have happened when it was Terribles.
I am super impressed with the renovated Premium rooms in the hotel. These are not suites but rooms that have been renovated. The Tower rooms have not been renovated. It's off the strip, so I'm reviewing accordingly.

There was a surprise $100 DEPOSIT at the front desk, so make sure you have that before checking in. It's hefty, but I bet it's sort of a "sketch deterrent" practice since the room prices are so low.

The staff was super professional and genuinely friendly. Hotel check-in is located at Guest Services, and you can sign up for the Player's Club as you check in. No free play, but there is a $5 slot play coupon in the room.

Spacious, ridiculously comfortable bed, clean, and nice. Huge pool. Ample parking, no problem at all.

I booked this room on a winter weekday on Hotels.com at around 4 PM with the last minute specials for $20 with a $4 resort fee. Most cheap spots in Vegas have exorbitant resort fees. The Silver Sevens is reasonable.

The elevator was nearly impossible to find on my wing, so they could use a sign. Ask for directions.

This spot is rad, even for double the price. Stay here. I'm very happy to give them an updated and upgraded review!
This was the first time that I have been in Silver Sevens Hotel since it changed names from Terrible's.  I didn't gamble and only came here for lunch at the buffet with a client.  The parking is always easy and plentiful.  They seemed to have made a few changes and it seems brighter than before.  

But, the buffet to me was uninspiring and not so good.  But, that is for a different review.
2 words: BED BUGS! 
I got a room here New Year's Eve. I paid  $141 for the room. Insane considering the bites I took home with me. I slept all night in a bed in room 1171. Unaware that I would be bitten 12 times by bed bugs in my very interrupted nights sleep. Partially because I was being intermittently bitten, and partially because the jerks in the rooms next door ON BOTH SIDES  had their TVs on what sounded like full blast all night long. (Or the walls are just literally that thin.) 
We went to check out in the morning. I told the woman at the front desk about the bug I found crawling in my bed when I woke up in the morning. She said "what?" So I repeated myself a bit louder. She acted like she was going to refund me for the room. She told us we were good to go. We left for home. I called the "hotel" later that day to find out when I should expect the money to be refunded. The assistant manager called me back. He's a gem. Let me tell you. He said he had terminex come out and they didn't find anything. Right. That's fine. I took a photo of the little bugger for your viewing pleasure.
We stayed at the silver sevens hotel because we got an offer in the mail for 2 comp. nights and 2 free buffets, I was hesitant about it because I had never stayed there before and it's not exactly a 5 star hotel, but we made our reservations anyways. We got there a bit early and when we checked in the lady that helped us was very nice and professional. We got to our room on the 1st floor and the room was clean, spacious, quiet and everything was working just fine, we got a premium room, they are freshly renovated. I would stay again at this hotel. Buffet was good but very limited, but it was free, can't complain. Yes I would come back.
My mom and her crews stompin growns! The OGs still call it Terribles. To me its like any other locals casino. No glitz or glamour at all! They have a good members playing card. Lots of benefits if you come here often. I dont think my husband or I would ever stay here but my mom swears by the suites. Parking is easy. A few blocks from the strip.   

Played some money here but didn't get any wins. Maybe we'll get lucky next time?!?!
Had a an hour before an appointment and stopped here to drop a few bucks in a slot machine to kill some time.

I have not been since the change over but at Terribles I had good luck there.  Never even got a chance to try.  The casino stinks of old smoke...it's like walking inside an old ashtray.

The kicker is there was not ONE ATM that worked on the floor I checked 6 and all of them said disabled or ATM not working.  That is awful....how can you gamble if you can't get any money?  I asked a floor person if they knew where there was a working ATM?  She pointed to some of the ones  checked but after I told her those were broken..she walked away and disappeared.

Bad service, can't get any cash...what kind of casino is this...not even third rate..
We stayed here because I had a comp room,  dining credit and free slot play.  The room was spooky.  We were on the ground floor with a noisy air conditioner,  No facial tissues in the holder and a used towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door! 
The breakfast buffet more than made up for it!  Enjoyed the fresh pineapple, cantaloupe,  honeydew, oatmeal,  cream of wheat,  pancakes,  omelettes,  crispy bacon,  etc. I was too full to get cold cereal and crepes; and was too late for the fresh strawberries.  YUM! !
The gambling was great!  I swiped my Players card for a bonus $10 for my birthday which totaled $25 in free play.  The five cent video poker machine turned it into $30 cash!  Then I tried the progressive five cent poker machine on the wall. ..hit four aces with a kicker & walked away with $100 profit! 
Thanks for the free room,  free food and cash!  I had a great time!
We ate at the S7 buffet on a Tuesday evening for $9.72 (with the a-play club card, it is 8.99/person, but we also had a bogo coupon)

- The cost of the buffet without a card is 11.99. It took a while to get a players card bc the guest service line to check in the hotel is the same as their players card line.
- There was nothing appetizing at their international buffet. I don't say this much but it was mediocre at best! I do value price vs quality and comparing it to feast which is the exact same price for dinner, feast buffet wins by a long shot. Even Hometown buffet is no match compared to this place. The quality of the food takes first place for being the worst. 
- I didn't bother trying to eat much since almost of their entrees looked unappealing. The prime rib was recooked so many times that there was no longer texture and just felt like mushed meat. Their fresh fried chicken tasted like microwaved banquet. Their soups and gravy had a nice thick coat at the top layer proving it has been unattended for a long time. Haha. 
- I can go on about their tacos, Chinese food and dessert, but their only deeming quality would be their friendly service. Fast drinks. 
- After just getting one plate, I decided not to get anymore. I did try their ice cream machine to make a root beer float but it was a complete disaster. Maintenance was working on a leak that was from the root beer while I was getting my soft serve. The I cream literally came out in small clumps, which seemed that I had to pump the handle for anything to come out. Haha
- Even for the value, I wouldn't recommend this buffet to anyone. A meal for 2 at a favorite fast food is a better option. That's good that they changed it from terribles to silver seven bc they truly fooled me! Haha
Stayed here for a 3-day weekend. I'm so happy I booked in advance because this place seems to be a popular choice. 

Affordable prices. ($82/2 nights+$100 deposit-read the fine print, folks...it's there).

My customer service experience at check in was nice. The guy was fast, friendly, and gave good directions. Even complimented my husbands fine beard! (;

Clean room (Non-smoking premium 2 Queen)
Comfortable bedding/bed-pillows be like oh.my.gosh.
Ample parking.
Within walking distance to the Strip (which I wouldn't recommend doing if you're wearing heels) ah, lesson learned. 
Elevator was squeaky and scary...no lie. Flickering lights and all. 

We had 4 people to our room and it was definitely space friendly. Wish the bathroom was slightly bigger, but it was more than accommodating. However, the shower head was very low and water pressure sucked! I specifically loved how many tables we had in the room for all our junk. Plus, a nice wall mirror to assist in getting ready for a night out! 

Aside from the not so pretty view, I would definitely stay here again! 

Side note: This was mine and The Beards first time in Vegas so no comment on this particular buffet, or casino. We wanted to experience all the glitz and glamour the Strip had to offer.
We only visited the buffet thanks to 2:1 coupon.   Went there for lunch on a Thursday about 11:30 and found the friendly staff in probably all of Vegas!  They were amazing.  There was no line to seating was speedy.

As for the buffet, it's only $8 for lunch so you get what you pay for.  Not a ton of choices, but I did like the fact the had frozen yogurt instead of ice cream.  Fairly standard meat section with a handful of other items.  All their food was as you would except for an $8 buffet.  However, for 2 people at lunch, $8 was perfect!  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
I wen to the Coffee Shop for dinner. I had the 16 oz country fired steak for $9.99. It was huge. was pepared just right and the country gravey was very good. The potatoes and vegetable we ery well prepared too. The 16 oz portion, the have an 8 oz for $2.00 less, was big enough that I took over half of it home. Country Fried Steak and eggs make a gr8 breakfast. One delimiter, the service was terrible! All in all I will ge going back and I want to try the Buffet. The Buffet has stuffed green peppers, one of my favorites.
Had I read the reviews before staying  there I never would've chose that hotel but I didn't find it to be as bad as the review I did find the limited cable channels they sold more movies but I did enjoy my stay I found them to be kind and courteous I don't think I would do it again though I will return to the Bellagio. Room service was great!
There was plenty of tables available but the lady at the counter was super slow. So, I was with family before heading south to California. I seen the sign that said $7.77 buffet. WRONG what that means you get $7.77 if you have the members club card. Ok no biggie I paid an extra $2.00 no problem. Then I went to eat first stop salad. They had dark green salad which was happy about. Then the story goes bad from here. The salad had next to nothing for topping. I was able to get some olives and cheddar cheese. No bacon bits, no sun follower seeds no tomatoes no red cabbage. Salad bar sucked. I got through the salad then went to get something to eat. The only thing really interesting was the taco bar which was ok but rather limited. The meat was super salty and the extras where far and few. Then finally I went to try out the pizza. It was wood fire but then I ate it there was way too much cheese on the pizza and the sauce was sweat. Seriously who puts sweat tomato sauce on pizza? That pretty much did it for me with this buffet. I will spend the extra next time before heading home. It is good if you want to just scavage but for a satisfactory meal I will pass.
Just stayed here 12/28 and I must say i was impressed for the price. I used kayak and got a great deal on a room 80$ a night! The gambling floor is laid out nicely and I always was able to jump
In. I would defiantly stay here again.
DO NOT STAY HERE!! I was unfortunate enough to stay here last week. While we were sleeping a guy broke into my room and took most my belongings. I notified Hotel desk and security no more than 5 minutes later. Later that day when i asked about the matter I was informed that they could not give me any information, and to contact my own personal insurance and or lawyer. Almost a week later after numerous Phone calls and messages I have still not received a call back or new information on the case..
I was very impressed with this hotel!! This is a true case of " don't judge a book by its cover"! Living in Las Vegas for 15+ years and staying on the strip on multiple of occasions I was very optimistic about staying at this hotel. Given the location and the appearance from the outside! Boy was I wrong. The rooms are very big and updated! Love the theme! I felt I was at the beach with the color schemes. The only reason I'm not giving this rating 5 stars is because the size of the bathroom and the nosies the toilet made once it was flushed. The size of the bathroom was very small.  Not much room to maneuver , beside that it was a very nice room . The staff was really nice! Housekeeping was very on point when we asked for extra towels!! I recommend it for anyone who would like to stay at a very nice hotel at a low cost! It's doesn't have the fancy strip feeling but it is very well kept! Most definitely staying here again.
I came here for my bday because it was the cheapest lol they rooms where nice and clean but the walls are thin and all night i could here the people upstairs walking back and forth.  The gambling was ok and won a lil money back.  This would not be my first choice to stay but overall for the price everything was great.
For the most part, you'll find me in casinos on the Strip battling it out but when I want to play for FUN and not put serious $$money on the tables, I find myself relegating to small local casinos not far from the Strip and this one is very close, about a mile away.

I have mixed views about this place. For one thing, a lot of people who frequent this casino just don't have any sense of fashion. Second of all, and this is a big complaint, at the Sportsbook, you can't have a seat and catch a game without feeling that you're sitting besides a homeless person who hasn't showered in a month. For some strange reason, it appears sports bettors are not given priority in being able to sit first. I'm very social and I like to give people the benefit of the doubt but come on, the lack of personal hygiene of your fellow man can be repulsive.

Now there are positives. The dealers are pretty cool, the pit bosses are very welcoming and some even greet you with a smile. They easily comp you for their buffet or restaurant cafe which can be found upstairs. The casino floor is well laid out and small to navigate so for the few cuties that stop in once in a while in high heels, it shouldn't be an issue. There is plenty of parking close by so step out, grab your ride and go to your next spot. For me, I usually hit the clubs on the Strip when I'm done here playing poker.

The atmosphere is local, the attitude is local so keep that in mind if you're coming to Silver Sevens from out of town. I have never stayed here for the night so I can't speak for their rooms and their amenities it includes. All taken into consideration, I will still drop by this little casino and pass some time
I'll make this review short and to the point.

* The water from the toilet was constantly running. All night.
* The AC was NOT working (Hint: Vegas is hot).
* There was slack in our room door. That meant every time someone nearby closed/slammed theirs; it caused it caused ours to make a loud clunk.
* The people directly above us walked very loudly and heavily (at all hours of the night)...
* ...Which caused the guest next door to scream his lungs out to tell them to be quiet.
* The pool started playing some loud crappy music at 9AM.
* The sheets feel like cardboard. I guess they've never heard of softener?

We got there late and really needed the rest. Unfortunately we were just as tired leaving this place. You've been warned.
Great crack head hang out spot!!! If your into shooting smack, sleeping with hookers and being a all around filthy human being.. This is definitely the place for you! Horrible staff, even worse bartenders and cocktail waitresses. I've been robbed there twice. This place is great!!
As a writer and reviewer in the adult industry, attendance at the annual Adult Expo at the Hard Rock is mandatory. Staying at the Hard Rock, however, is optional. The last three years, I have stayed at Silver Sevens and have been pleased with the service and accommodations. The rooms are modest but spacious, and amenities like coffee machines, and irons and ironing boards, are a phone call away. 

I was particularly pleased with the security available. Upon request, I was issued a safe deposit box at the cashier's cage to secure my valuables like my laptop computer and silver cuff links. I was issued the key to the box, which can only be opened with the traditional two-key protocol. When I wanted to access the box -- which can be done anytime day or night, the cage never closes -- I would present my key and sign for access. There is NO EXTRA CHARGE for this.

I also like the Deuces Wild breakfast at the caf. Two eggs, two pancakes, two sausage links, $2.99. Beverage extra. If you order coffee they bring you a pot. One immutable rule of trade shows is to start your day with a good breakfast, because you don't know when you're going to eat again. Deuces Wild does the trick nicely.

If you're looking for a pleasant, affordable place to stay in Las Vegas, Silver Sevens is an excellent choice.
I was told once, "There are two things that casinos don't have, clocks and mirrors".  A clock, so you don't know what time it is; and a mirror so you don't see how bad you look, after long hours of gambling. lol THIS casino did have a mirrors!  Unfortunately, we did not stay the night here... but, since this location was so close to our hotel, we kept coming back here to eat and gamble. I liked this casino, because our chances of winning on the slots were so much greater than going to those big fancy casinos.  The hotel we stayed did not have a casino, and no restaurant; it was boring and bland. And the review on the hotel we did stay, coming soon.  

I was playing Texas Hold'em, I believe it was called limited. I've always played with family, without rules, 1st time playing with strangers and rules, I was really nervous. BUT, Michael and the other dealer was both patient with me, and were teaching me as we go. They suggested I get a players card and explained how that worked. So being around a bunch of strangers, I felt so comfortable, and I completely blended with them. In no time, I felt like a pro! :)

We went to a wedding in downtown Vegas, then after the wedding, hung out and played in multiple different casinos. My mother, who loves to gamble, wanted to go back to Silver Seven casino.  Towards the evening when we were going back to our room, she suggested, "how about we stop at the Silver Seven and try our luck again. That's the only hotel where I was actually winning." So, guess what, we came back to Silver Seven after 2:00 am that evening.

The next morning, after we checked out of our hotel, we went back to Silver Seven for breakfast and continued to gamble.   

The only negative thing about this place is all the smoking in the Casino.  Unfortunately, there was no section available for those who are non-smokers. 2nd hand smoke is just as bad as taking a hit yourself.  Additionally, getting into the parking was a bit tricky.  It felt like a long drive to get into the driveway when the guest parking was in the front.
I'm a Vegas local who has a mom who likes to play BINGO when she's in town.  She says Silver Sevens (used to be Terrible's, used to be Continental) is the most friendly, fun and LUCKY place in the city to play bingo. 

 I've never played bingo in my life, but my wife and I accompanied Mom and I have to say..... it was charming, clean, well run and Mom hit a bingo for $110.   

I'm not sure Mom realizes her chances of winning in a SMALL room increase BIG time.  Maybe a lot of other people don't either....cozy room had about 50 players at 7pm.  

I got a little lucky at video poker too.   We'll be back:)
Too bad!!! So fucking basenesswe booking this hotel a room, the first price is $148, when we check out they deduction
$211 they didn't  tell you, if we do not check our bank account, we did not know !
Great service!
Saw a bug (the indestructible r-type) in my shower. Otherwise clean
This review is for the casino portion only. After walking around, the first thing that came to mind was that why would anybody want to  stay here. Let me explain.

I came here for two reasons. One was to check out their $7.77 special in the Sterling Spoon Cafe which consists of Half a Rack of Ribs and 10 hot wings which sounds like a good deal. The second reason was to go check out a comedy show on the same floor.

As we leave our car in the parking lot, we make our way to the front entrance. Just right before that there is a drop off section for cars to go through. Watch out for idiots that are not paying attention for you might get run over. The exhaust from cars passing by was overwhelming. Since it was really hot outside, we were happy to enter an air conditioned building. Not.

As soon as we walk in, we were literally ran into a wall of cigarette smoke from all the smokers playing at the tables and slots right as you enter. I take back the overwhelming exhaust from outside for the smoke inside was an understatement. 

After eating at the cafe and watching the comedy show, I just wanted to get out of there before I contracted lung cancer. Memo to new owners of this place. You may have changed the name but the sickening environment is still the same. I literally had to keep my windows down in my car as we drove home so I can try to get the cigarette smoke off of my clothes.

So for those of you that are in search of good food deals, this is not the place for the mediocre food does not make up for the health hazards that you are exposed to. Defintiley not coming back to this piece of dump establishment. Based off of this, I can only imagine how horrible the hotel rooms might be.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #137 "New name, same dump"
my boyfriend and i stayed there last weekend. our first time at this hotel. i thought the room was clean and spacious. the smell in the hall of chemicals from cleaning the carpets lasted the whole weekend. it was not pleasant. i'd suggest water steam cleaning. food was good at the hotel. the smoke was bad. at checkout i had to step outside, felt like i couldn't breathe, and i was only downstairs maybe 15 min tops the night before. and i don't have asthma or a cough. 
the pool area was nice, but beware of the chemicals. the hot tub wasn't bubbling but we popped in it. the chemical smells again were nasty. you could feel it on your skin. we didn't stay in it. after cleaning ourselves off we were driving home the next day and we still smelled the chemicals on our skin. it ruined my new swimsuit. it still smells like chemicals after 3 washings (one in vinegar to try to rid of the smell). it took a couple days for our skin to return to normal. that is just not healthy. we paid $40 for 'resort fees' for our stay to have that happen?
staff was nice. i asked for a blanket one evening (none on the bed) and was told they don't have any. never got one the whole time i was there. luckily had a comforter in the car i dragged up into the room.
good deal, yes, but not sure i'd stay there again for these reasons.
For the hotel portion this place truly wins the badness award. Long laundry list of things. Toilet clogged, food sucked something fierce(not even Mac and cheese on the buffet), water pressure uber sucked, shower head was like a trickle, hot tub didn't work, the list goes on an on. Long story short, you get what you pay for. Never staying in this hotel again. You guys really do suck, I'm not even sorry. First bad review I ever left too. So be happy silver seven, you earned it to the fullest.
I've had a few visits to this property over the years under both the current and previous owners, and based on what I've seen, it hasn't really changed much, with the exception of maybe removing the McDonald's inside and rebranding with a new name.  I recall it being one of the first properties I visited on my first trip to Vegas a decade ago, so I'll always be fond of it.

The buffet was excellent, and the mainstream restaurant kicked out the biggest slabs of prime rib I think I've ever had.  

The little convenient store in the middle of the casino was always good about letting you pay for merchandise with comp points/dollars.  There always seemed to be a huge selection of beer available for it being a convenient store.

I had a one night stay in one of the standard rooms in the original tower, ground floor.  It seemed to be a step up from a Super 8 or maybe an Econo Lodge, but nothing too extravagant.  My stay was comped, but I've seen very good pricing here if you're paying for rooms.  I've heard that the newer tower and the jacuzzi suites are a bit nicer.

The check in desk area was a bit convoluted, as it seemed to be right smack dab in a corner of the mainstream casino floor.  Usually best to leave your bags in the car until after check in to avoid the madness.

There have always been a good amount of local patrons in the casino, many with interesting stories to tell.

Definitely worth considering if you're looking to stay near the Strip without paying high prices (it's within walking distance), and it's directly across the street from the Hard Rock.
Staying here, eating here, even gambling here is laden in process. The check-in for the hotel is also the guest service counter for the casino, so it takes a while to do anything. Getting a seat to eat at the cafe is an ordeal, even when it's not very full.
On the positive side, the hotel, though dated, is incredibly inexpensive. My wife and I crashed for the night with four grandkids, and the two rooms only ran, well, I probably shouldn't even say.
Also, their deuces wild pancake breakfast with meat and two eggs only runs $2.99. I was surprised with how good it was.
Overall,a very good deal, but the service end needs work. Everybody was polite, but the system needs work.
I only went here for the buffet but from what I've seen in this casino, everything is equally mediocre.The buffet itself was tiny compared to most casino buffets with only three and a half stations to really choose from. Everything tasted over-cooked and flavorless except for their beef brisket which was pretty good. The service was slow but friendly. The overall experience was pretty "meh" for me. Would I be returning? Only if I had a casino comp. Otherwise no, spend your money elsewhere.
Stayed here for 3 nights.  Here's a real quick breakdown:

Pros:
Clean and spacious room
Decent pool, deepest it goes is 4.5 ft I think.
Shuttle to the strip 4x a day, but that's also a con.

Cons:
TV didn't work
No fridge in room
Distance from strip
Thin walls.  Our experience was we could actually hear someone snoring in the next room.
Few people working the front desk, which means longer waits.


We stayed here to try and save some money, but ended up paying more for taxis anyway (and who doesn't love getting Vegas history lessons from taxi drivers?), so next time we'll just stay somewhere on the strip.  It's just more convenient and I would advise you to do the same, unless you're driving.  It's not a bad stay, but I wouldn't stay here again unless I had no other choice.
This review is for the casino itself , and it not that great ! I really wanted this place to be better after it's rebranding , but it's really gone down hill , I think they alienated their core customers , which are locals. after all we are the ones that keep this place in business after everyone goes home ! Whoever does their casino marketing really needs to be fired ! There really is no reason to gamble your hard earned money away anymore , other than to get comped at their crappy restaurants & as it is , if you do wander  into their restaurants for whatever reason the prices are pretty cheap to begin with, so dropping some cash into their machines is kind of a moot point !  Before there were point multipliers during the week which you really didn't mind dropping a 100$ or so , because you were earning part of your money back in free play , points or could use them to buy beer , cigarettes or crap in the sorry ass gift shop ! But now the only point multipliers are on weekends , which as any local knows , you just stay away from the strip area if you can on fri, sat sun !! I play here out of habit , but like so many others I'm over it !! there are no familiar faces of my fellow locals anymore , it's basically just a rest stop for hookers and other malcontents during the week with the occasional tourist that got rooked into booking a room there!! It used to have a fun vibe , but whoever is running the place now must have a no smile policy , because everyone that works there looks like they hate their job or are looking over their shoulder because they are afraid of getting fired or f@&king up !! I'll still go here every now and again , but for rewards and to drop some of my cash , I'm going over to a few of the other local haunts , where I feel my patronage is appreciated !!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas. 

Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests. This was not the case. Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people. 

Next, my room was absolutely filthy. There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room. The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit. Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it. The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels. Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you. Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.

Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.

After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.

If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass. 

In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little. Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
Omg! Pulled Pork sub was AMAZING!!!!! Fries were ok. A bit soggy and cold my time it arrived at my room. However they were open at 3am so that's a big A+ in my book!!!!
I work nearby so sometimes I pop in at The Spread to change up my menu options. I almost always get the chicken fingers, which are a great price. It's something like $6 or $7 for them and they're a decent size and very filling. They make it for you right on the spot so it's always hot and fresh.

I also need to point out that their fries are freakin' amazing. One time my friend ordered them and I couldn't stop having "just one more." They really taste like In N Out fries, but a little better seasoned. 

Also, the staff is incredibly nice. I was worried since I came in the morning-time to order a lunch food that they might get annoyed, but nobody even thought twice about it. It's my favorite part of Downtown Grand.
This place did not disappoint.  The "Mob Club" sandwich was well worth the price of nearly ten bucks.  The price includes a choice of fries, fruit cup, etc.
The bacon was great.  Excellent turkey meat piled high, and the bread was also excellent.
I look forward to coming back again!
Ordered the hot dog special. It took 25 minutes. It came with fries and a soda. The soda calibration was set to more carbonation than syrup, my bun fell apart, and the fries were bottom of the barrel with so many tiny pieces and shriveled.  Take some pride in your quality of food.